Although Lin Yuan was fairly startled, the encouraging gaze his two fathers placed on him gave him no choice but to pull the nerve wire over to his left hand, letting the mech's nerve wire simultaneously connect his left and right hemisphere of his brain.
Caesar stood on the ground looking at the mech in front of him when White Feather’s aggrieved voice abruptly sounded in his mind: "Master, was that mech better than me? Am I dragging you down?"
Caesar frowned: "What kind of nonsense is that? You're an S-Class mech too, how could you be dragging anyone down?"
White Feather was so down in the gutter, it’d cry if it could, "But they said it was an SS-Class mech, a double S is more than one S. It sounds like it’s better than me… Master, after you match with it you won’t want me… waaah…"
Caesar felt as if his head would explode, he normally wouldn’t be able to stand the peskiness this guy wrought, but at this moment, listening to it weep in such despair made his conscience act up a bit, he consoled it softly: "A complete compatibility match between a mech and master solidifies the bond of ownership, how could I not want you?"
"…really?" The morose voice immediately switched to a cheery one, "That's good then! I just know that I am the only one in my Master's heart, the best of the best, and second to none, which is% #%&……"
Caesar spoke exasperatedly: "Cut that out, don’t make a ruckus."
White Feather then fell silent.
Right then, the eyes of the Nine-Tailed Fox suddenly emitted a silver light, the compatibility rating displayed on the monitor starting to shoot off the roof—
99%, 100%, 150%, 200%… 300%!
Everyone widened their eyes in shock, even the perpetually cool and calm Ling Yu looked at Rosen in awe. Dave, the maker of the mech himself had an open-mouthed expression plastered on his face and even that looked a bit laughable!
Everyone’s surprise stemmed from their ignorance of the Little Monster, Lin Yuan idly playing in the snow in his early years and already etching the same complicated patterns and forming identical snow sculptures with both his left and right hands…
300%, his first compatibility matching with an S-Class mech reached a compatibility rating of 300%, in the history of the whole Empire, the number of people who accomplished this couldn’t have exceeded ten!
What's more, this was an SS-Class mech which was held up to an even higher standard from an S-Class mech.
Unexpectedly, Lin Yuan and the Nine-Tailed Fox could achieve an extremely high compatibility rating of 300%!
The moment when the digits stopped on 300%, the Nine-Tailed Fox immediately recognized its Master! The central intelligence system fully started up, the white light emanating from its pupils was blinding. The nine tails behind it unfurl with a swish, its gigantic orange tails presenting themselves loftily in the air, under the illumination of the light it was as if it were a roaring blaze.
Seated in the control cabin, Lin Yuan too, opened his eyes in joy.
A distinctive voice rang in his ears at the same time, saying in a low voice: "Hello, Master."
The voice was pleasant to the ear, it carried the coziness and languidness of someone after they just had a full night's rest.
Lin Yuan said elation: "Hello, my name is Lin Yuan, what’s your name?"
The mech's words carried a smile: "Master, give me a name, call me whatever you want."
Lin Yuan tilted his head deep in thought, saying: "Would calling you Kitsune be alright?"
Kitsune said: "That's alright."
Lin Yuan touched the control panel. Although there weren’t any buttons on the panel like there would be on a C-Class mech, his fondness for that metal feel still makes Lin Yuan unable to keep his hands to himself— this mech truly belongs to him. Although its voice sounds a bit lackadaisical, Lin Yuan believes that this mech will stay by his side from here on out. Just as Suzaku was to his dad, it’d become his closest, most intimate partner!
Chapter 111: Over the Long Journey
When Lin Yuan came down from the control cabin, everyone looked at him in fascination as if there was something drawn on his face. Lin Yuan scratched his head, walked up to his dad in some confusion, and asked in a low voice, "Dad… what is it?"
Ling Yu raised the corners of his lips ever so slightly, reached out and patted his son on the shoulder, and said, "You did very well. You blew everyone’s expectations out of the water."
Lin Yuan was stunned. He didn’t know much about S-Class mechs, so he didn’t realize the significance of achieving a 300% match between him and the Nine-Tailed Fox— such powerful mental power and perfect coordination between the left and right hemisphere of the brain was unprecedented in the history of the Empire. It was the first time the matching of an S-Class mecha reached the max score of 300%, it could practically be written into the Mech Association's record book.
Lin Yuan didn't know that he had already turned into a real little monster in everyone's eyes.
The appreciating gaze his dad bestowed upon him lightened his mood, he couldn’t help but smile and say, “Dad, I named the Nine-Tailed Fox Kitsune (灵狐- Líng Hú). ‘Líng' (灵) and ‘Líng' (陵) use the same tone, it’s just like I gave him a matching last name."
Ling Yu was a bit touched by this and lightly stroked his son's head, saying: "Even though you and Kitsune have perfectly matched, there are still so many aspects of the mech system you don’t know. Take some time out of your day to come to me, I’ll teach you myself."
Lin Yuan said with no holdings bared: "Okay!"
Dave finally picked his jaw up from the floor, swallowed, and took out a ring encrusted with orange gemstones. He walked up to Lin Yuan and said with a relaxed laugh: "Well color me surprised! You can pilot the Nine-Tailed Fox by yourself. I would have never expected this! You really are a son of Ling Yu! On that note, the Nine-Tailed Fox is yours for the keeping from now on. This is its space button. Remember to put it in!"
"Thank you Uncle!" Lin Yuan took the space button from Dave and said to the mech in front of him: "Kitsune, come into the space button now!"
The orange mech blinked, a listless voice simultaneously resounded across everyone’s ears in the room, "Understood, Master."
Then, the towering orange mecha shrunk down into an orange beam of light and entered the ring space button in Lin Yuan's palm.
Everyone turned around and returned to the base lounge. On the way back, Berg suddenly caught onto Ling Yu and spoke in a hushed tone: “I didn’t expect Xiao Yuan’s mental threshold to be so high. It seems that your and Rosen’s talent for piloting mechs was passed down onto him.
Ling Yu was also very pleased with his son’s performance. He smiled and said, “Xiao Yuan’s ability also came as a complete shock to me. However, it’s actually a good thing that he can have the Nine-Tailed Fox to himself. I was worried that he and Caesar would have diverging rifts form in their cooperation. Xiao Yuan piloting the Nine-Tailed Fox on his own would be safer."
Berg nodded, "That’s right, after all, the thoughts and reasonings of two people would never be able to reach complete unification. Any divergence at a critical moment would be fatal. Naturally, it’s better when you can pilot by yourself… but if Xiao Yuan completes this arduous task alone, the risk will be great.” Berg paused and looked back at Ling Yu, “He’s your son. You’re sending him off to face danger, are you not troubled by this?"
Ling Yu was silent for a moment, he glanced at the young man walking up ahead, and smiled ever so slightly: "I believe he will not let us down."
Lin Yuan, who was walking up ahead with Caesar, wasn’t aware of what his Dad and Berg had stopped up over there to discuss. He had just gotten his hands on the Nine-Tailed Fox, Lin Yuan had been admirably fondling and fiddling with the space button in his hand, thrumming with constant excitement.
When the two returned to the lounge, the space button on Caesar's wrist suddenly lit up and the joyful sound of White Feather's voice came at the same time in his ears: "Hey, hey! Mr. Fox next door! Hello, it’s oh so nice to meet you! The name is White Feather, the mech of Prince Caesar. My master and your master are a couple. We’ll certainly be seeing a lot of each other in the future, so let’s get to know each other a bit first, okay?"
Kitsune said, "Oh, my name is Kitsune."
Little White Feather had evidently been restraining itself. There were so many people on the scene, it was embarrassed to give its hellos to the fox. Now, only the two masters and their two mechs were left in the room. Naturally, it needed to flatter its way into friendship with this new friend and gain a good relationship, paving the road to happiness for the two masters.
White Feather continued: "You’re an SS-Class mech. You can just hear the sheer awesomeness! The color of your body is also very beautiful, especially when the nine of your tails are unfurled, it’s just simply breath-taking!"
According to human beings, it is easier to give a good impression to the other party by giving an abundance of kind words upon the first meeting?
White Feather pulled up a list of complimentary words from its intelligence center and praised each and every aspect of the fox. Unfortunately, the nine-tailed fox was languorous and wasn’t fond of speaking. Only after White Feather had been spluttering out words non-stop until it ran dry did Kitsune ask: "Are you finished?"
White Feather: "Finished!"
Kitsune yawned, "Oh, I’ll just be heading off to bed then."
White Feather: "…………"
Predecessor Suzaku had always preemptively shut itself down, there was never an opportunity to chat it up. Now the fox is in play. It thought it could be friends with it and chat away every day to relieve its boredom. The masters stay with one another in love and harmony, their mechs should also joyously join hands, shouldn’t they?
But why does the fox actually want to sleep?!
What good does sleep do for a mech? They never get tired!
The fox soon thereafter went into hibernation mode and White Feather was hung outside to dry, heavily depressed. With being wronged so, it sniveled to Caesar with a small voice: "Master, this fox refuses to acknowledge me. Does it hate me just as Predecessor Suzaku does?"
Caesar: "… "
This here is a “talk-your-head-off” mech that lowers its master's IQ through the power of speaking. Caesar has already grown a tolerance towards it after all these years.
Fearing that White Feather would start blubbering out words without an end in sight, Caesar rushed to soothe it: "It’s not that Kitsune doesn’t want to talk to you, it’s just that the two of you don’t know each other very well right now. It doesn’t know what to talk to you about."
White Feather suddenly saw the light, "Oh! Then I will try looking for it every day to chat with it, we’ll get to know each other then, right?"
"…" Caesar wiped a sympathetic tear for Kitsune, pretending to say in all seriousness: "That’s right."
But in his heart, he couldn’t help but think: Sicing White Feather to eat up the fox’s time would finally let him have a little bit of peace and quiet as its master.
Since then, White Feather has diligently and enthusiastically came up to his new little mech friend Nine-Tailed Fox every single day, searching up all kinds of topics and even pulled up various videos to watch together.
The determination and adaptability of the Nine-Tailed Fox was unexpectedly hardy, even beyond White Feather's imagination!
Predecessor Suzaku would choose to shut itself down when it could no longer stand it, but the Nine-Tailed Fox could actually yawn without a care in the world and lazily catch some shut-eye in the space button under the bombardment of White Feather's meaningless blabber all day long!
It fully regarded White Feather's chatterings as "the most splendid lullaby."
***
At 7 o’clock that evening, the Imperial Ministry finally announced to the public the news that the next commander of the Glory Legion was to be Lieutenant General Kerriman. At the same time, Kerriman has been promoted to the rank of s Generalissimo, who can wear the insignia belonging to the Commander of the Glory Legion and the four-star epaulettes.
The brand new high-ranking general's uniform has long been completed. Kerriman put on the uniform and looked at himself in the mirror, standing tall and proud—
Going from an ordinary Beta soldier to the adjutant of the Dark Night Legion, to the current commander of the Glory Legion, a general of the Empire… For more than twenty years, trekking up the mountainous path tightly interwoven with thistles and thorns, even though there was blood that stained his hands, in comparison to the end result of him making his way to the top, those twists and turns he encountered justified the means.
—It is he, the one who triumphs that gets to wear the crown and he is without a doubt, the ultimate winner.
Kerriman never regretted the choices he had made. If he hadn't chosen Auguste as his ultimate benefactor, he would have been eternally damned to be a poor, little adjutant of the Dark Night Legion, hidden behind Ling Yu’s shadow. With his family background and identity as a Beta, there wasn’t any way for him to shine amongst his peers in the military.
Finding a proper and powerful backer to help him climb to the top of the ranks was his best choice.
But ever so often, a sense of uneasiness weighs upon him…
The scene of Ling Yu taking the water bottle from his hand and drinking it without the slightest hesitation has been haunting his dreams through the years. That Omega general had not the slightest hint of mistrust in the dark, clear pools of his eyes. After drinking it, he had turned around and said to him: Thanks.
Even later on, when he was court-martialed and separated from the military and sentenced to life imprisonment, the man's back was still held straight and his jet-black eyes were still just as bright as ever.
Ling Yu's eyes had been buried in the bottom of his heart like a pair of fine needles, pricking him every so often.
To the extent that for that afternoon when he saw a person sharing a not entirely dissimilar figure to Ling Yu at the space station, he came into contact with those black eyes and could have almost believed that he had met the reincarnation of Ling Yu.
Kerriman frowned and dispersed the muddled confusion from his mind. Taking care to put on his cap, he straightened the collar of his uniform and gave a smile to the mirror.
His subordinates were waiting just outside the door. Seeing him coming out, they immediately gave a respectful salute: "General, the Change of Command Ceremony will be starting soon!"
Kerriman nodded and said with a grin: "Let's go."
***
In a group escorted by the soldiers of the Personal Guard Battalion, Lieutenant General Kerriman finally came to the central command hall of the Glory Legion’s Mothership.
The Glory Mothership was built more than 20 years ago. Its whole body was pitch black. With the passing of time, the outer metal layer of the mothership has long since lost its originally bright sheen, even some battle scars were left on parts of the hull, showcasing its once glorious history.
The golden sunflower emblem on the mothership symbolized the Glory Legion and filled the people of the Empire with faith and struck fear in the hearts of the Federation’s forces! Crimson rings of light emitting from the indicator lights through the body of the mothership pierced the night sky like a sharp sword, casting a light that illuminated the entirety of the night sky!
In the command hall, which can accommodate tens of thousands of persons, the senior officers of the ten divisions that made up the Glory Legion were all collected together. The tall men were dressed in the same stiff black uniforms, giving the scene an air of solemnity and respect.
A red carpet was rolled over on the bridge and there were ceremonial bands on both sides. It can be seen that the Imperial Ministry’s Change of Command Ceremony was right to the book.
Kerriman and several others of his entourage tread with deliberate, controlled steps across the bridge and came to a high platform where the Glory Legion’s emblem was placed in the centermost point of the mothership. Originally, according to the Change of Command Ceremony, the former legion commander should personally hand over the legion commander's seal that represented the position of office to him. However, since the former legion commander had "died", this time, the handover was left to a delegate sent by the military.
After reading aloud the official document appointing Kerriman as the commander of the Glory Legion, the Change of Command Ceremony began. The ceremonial orchestra played galvanizing tunes familiar to the people of the Empire. Kerriman took a step forward and placed the commander’s seal and personal communicator onto the ornate tray. Under the red velvet backdrop and the illumination of the lights, it gave off a soft glow.
The meek military delegate off to the side picked up the tray and turned to pass it onto Kerriman.
Just as Kerriman was about to reach out to take it, the military delegate holding the tray suddenly said: "General Kerriman, congratulations."
…such a familiar voice?
Kerrimen was taken aback and raised his head in shock only to be met with a pair of clear, jet-black eyes.
Those eyes once looked at him and said, Kerriman, your talents shouldn't be overlooked, how about coming to my side and being my adjutant?
Those eyes once looked at him in full confidence as he said, thank you.
Those eyes had appeared in his mind countless times, costing him countless nights of sleep.
…it's Ling Yu.
The commander of the Dark Night Legion, the only Omega general in the history of the Empire, and his ex-superior— Ling Yu!
The gleam in his eyes still shone the same, his figure was the same, even after so many years had gone by, he hadn't so much as aged, his grace and elegance stood the test of time!
Kerriman's back suddenly stiffened, his eyes widened as if he had seen a ghost! He harshly pinched the palm of his hand, trying to free himself from this horrible illusion. However, that cold and indifferent gaze followed him like a shadow, leaving him with nowhere to hide…
Hadn’t Ling Yu died? How is he here now?
Is he having a nightmare? But why does this nightmare feel so real?
The entire hall of the Glory Mothership was as still as a tomb, the sound of a pin falling to the floor could be heard.
Those jet-black eyes still insipidly stared at him, saying with deliberate pauses: "General, hurry up and take it, congratulations on becoming the eighth commander of the Glory Legion. The spirit of the dearly departed Marshal must be so proud of you."
Kerriman: "…"
That voice he knew so well was clearly magnified in his ear, echoing in the deafening silence of the mothership’s command hall, rattling his eardrums.
It felt as if Kerriman had been dipped in a vat of ice, all of his blood froze, his throat closed up under Ling Yu’s undisturbed gaze as he found himself unable to choke out a single word.
—This former superior of his, the man who was separated from the military because of his setup and was soon thereafter buried alive in the cosmic ruins, appeared in front of him alive and well and said to him: Congratulations.
Like a frigid pail of water being thrust at his face, as if he were given a resounding slap to the face, his heart packed to the brim with joy, his hopes and desires to celebrate finally reaching the top was nevertheless squashed as Ling Yu kicked him back down to the foot of the mountain……
Ling Yu’s heart hardened, always so unyielding, such a merciless existence.
In the crowd of people, Rosen watched as Kerriman's body stiffened from head to toe, and thought somewhat helplessly— this Omega of his is really something else. He actually arrested the delegate sent by the military ahead of time. Thinking of it this way… Should he say he’s resourceful or should he say he is just too diabolical?
What’s the difference between personally handing him this seal when he’s at his peak and just straight up slapping him in the face?
The stalemate between the two caused a wave of bafflement to wash over the many officers in the hall waiting for the Change of Command Ceremony, but there were some older officers with some seniority to their name who had been with Rosen for more than 20 years. With a simple look, they recognized the one their Marshal held near and dear to his heart for so many years— Ling Yu!
Several people looked at each other, in both shock and pleasant surprise!
General Ling Yu didn't die after all and he made an in-person appearance today. Could this mean the Marshal was still alive as well?
In the midst of the suffocating silence, on the other side of the bridge, a composed and familiar voice ultimately made itself known.
"Kerriman, since you don’t dare to take it, the ceremony ends here."
Everyone looked back to the origin of the voice and saw a man dressed in an all-black military uniform, standing tall and straight, with five glistening gold stars on his shoulders. He was merely standing in place but still carried the kind of unwavering grandeur of a king making a come-back that gave birth to fear in the hearts of men.
"…Marshal?"
"It's the Marshal!"
"The Marshal is not dead! By God, the Marshal really isn’t dead…"
Some old-timers already had tears ready to fall from their eyes the moment they saw Rosen appear, even the faces of the young officers were a mix of joy and surprise.
Rosen stood calmly at the end of the bridge, looking at Kerriman from afar as if the one he was gazing at was detestable scum-of-the-earth.
Three seconds later, Rosen finally raised his hand and spoke with deftness and simplicity, "Seize him!"
Under Rosen’s command, the Dark Night Legion’s elite forces who had followed him in immediately spilled forth and subdued Kerriman and all his followers. The decisive actions and the swiftness of their skills were like the gales of a hurricane blowing before his very eyes!
After the commotion of struggle and resistance, there was silence in the hall. Except for Kerriman’s faithful supporters, the rest of the officers of the Glory Legion each had their faces filled with zeal.
Kerriman looked at Rosen, then at Ling Yu, before finally lowering his head, his face becoming a deathly grey.
Rosen walked across the bridge with slow, controlled steps, directly ignoring Kerriman, and walked in front of Ling Yu, meeting his gaze with repose.
The corner of Ling Yu's mouth slightly perked up and he presented the tray in his hands to Rosen. Rosen shared the smile and accepted his seal and communicator from his Omega. He turned to face all the officers of the Glory Legion, with a still expression, he said: "I'm back."
Chapter 112: The New Expedition
Kerriman along with all of his supporters were arrested by the elite forces brought by Rosen and Ling Yu and were put in a temporary prison in the underground of Naomi Star military base. Such a dark and confined space would put a heavy strain on the mental health and wellbeing of a person’s mind. Kerriman was unable to sit still in his one-man cell— would Ling Yu torture him? Would he ask him why he ever betrayed him in the first place?
After waiting anxiously in the provisional prison set-up for an entire hour, Kerriman’s waiting came to an end as Ling Yu made his entrance.
Ling Yu had changed into the dark blue uniform of the Dark Night Legion. The military uniform suited him well and made his figure look tall and slender. Although his strength wasn’t comparable to that of an Alpha, he carried a unique and unforgettable temperament.
The indifferent, arrogant, and yet extremely talented general that lived within his memories hadn't seemed to change any over the many years that had gone by. He is still so youthful and so prideful…
Ling Yu looked at Kerriman impassively, with no anger or hatred in his gaze, there wasn’t even the slightest ripple of emotion, it was just as if the person he was looking at was nothing more than an insignificant passerby.
Kerriman was so disconcerted by that look that he couldn't help lowering his head.
Ling Yu looked at the man with his head hanging down and coolly said: "Kerriman, in accordance with the code of military law, Rosen and I have no jurisdiction to utilize any means of torture on you. After returning to Cepheus, we will hand you over to the military court for a public trial."
Ling Yu turned and left, seemingly too disinclined to say anything more to Kerriman.
Kerriman opened his mouth, his throat was unable to make any sound. After a moment's pause, he raised his head and looked at the tall and straight back of the receding figure and asked with a hoarse voice: "You… aren’t going to ask me…why I did what I did?"
Ling Yu stopped in his steps and spoke with a frosty tone, "What good would asking do? Regardless of what reasons you had, at the end of the day, you still turned your back on me." Ling Yu paused, turned around, looked at Kerriman, and said: "Shouldn’t you have expected it to end out the way it did today the very moment you made your choice?
Kerriman: "…"
That’s right, the day he chose to follow Auguste was the day he chose to betray Ling Yu, he should have foreseen how today would end— it wouldn’t have ended with him climbing his way to the position of a legion commander and living out the rest of his days in glory, it would be Ling Yu and Rosen uncovering his plot, leaving him to die an honorless, forgettable death.
There was one of two ways for this to end and it has long since been bound to be the death of either himself or Ling Yu. What more was there to say?
However, he was in the last stretch, a mere step away from success! He had undoubtedly already climbed his way to the top!
Kerriman looked at Ling Yu and said with firm resolution: "General, I…"
Ling Yu dismissively waved his hand: "Don't call me General, I can’t stand double-crossers, and I won't be giving you any second chances."
Kerriman: "……"
Ling Yu decisively turned and left under Kerriman's gaze.
As he walked through the long and winding corridors of the underground base, memories of when a still young in his years Kerriman first came to the Dark Night Legion abruptly surfaced in his mind. Because of the similarities they had coming from lower-class families and in addition to the consistent hard work and effort shown by the Beta, Kerriman, Ling Yu had shown a special interest in him, transferring him to his side as his aide-de-camp, even teaching him many of the things he had known…
He never expected the person to who he had personally selected to rise above the ranks to turn around and betray him right in that crucial moment.
Ling Yu knew that behind himself, Kerriman had been watching him, but not once did he ever turn his head to look.
It’s fine to say he’s cruel, he will never give an ounce of forgiveness to those who betray others! All of the suffering he lived through these past years were given by Kerriman. Ling Yu will take an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth. There will only be a long, insufferable life of darkness awaiting Kerriman inside the Underground Prison of the Capital Star!
By the time Ling Yu returned to the command room, Rosen, Drew, and Berg were there too. The three of them were sitting around the conference table, seeming to be awaiting his arrival.
Seeing Ling Yu come to take a seat, Drew spoke in a low tone: "Although you successfully put a stop to Kerriman today and captured the representatives sent by the military, I believe Auguste still has informants in the Glory Legion. The Capital Star should be receiving the news any moment now."
The corners on either end of Ling Yu’s lips perked up, "What difference would him finding out make? No matter what, war will be starting sooner or later, isn’t that so?"
Ling Yu has always carried the decisive airs of "fight if you want to fight, too lazy to beat around the bush with you". Seeing Drew and Rosen looking at him with mixed expressions plastered on their face, Ling Yu couldn't help but say, "With the way things are right now if you don’t intend to openly declare war on them… Don’t tell me you guys still want to strive for a peaceful resolution?"
Drew: "…"
Can you not possess a little scrap of Omega mentality? Don't you know that you’re intimidating enough to strike fear into Alphas?
Coming face to face with his old roommate, Drew still felt a twinge of alarm in his heart.
Rosen had already grown used to the intensity of his own Omega, he smiled and glanced at Ling Yu, and said, "Yes, an open declaration of war is necessary, but we should also take care to make preparations. The key point of it is that we haven’t heard anything on His Majesty’s side of things. I’m afraid Auguste took His Majesty hostage in order to restrict our freedom of movement."
Ling Yu nodded, "That really does pose a problem. We have to think of a way to find His Majesty, and fast."
Rosen continued, "Furthermore, Auguste has put on a good show in front of the Empire’s populace. A new regime was established under the banner of democracy and freedom, we’d have to find a justifiable reason to declare war against him."
Ling Yu gave it some thought for a while and said, "Auguste has a way with words. He becomes the interim president and then more than half of the newly established parliament are members of the Orlando Family. Are these people all blind? Why not let Caesar come forward himself to issue a public declaration to revive the royal family, and in the same breath, propose reforms following the royal family's revival. With the support of the major legions, I believe the people of the Empire are no fools."
Berg cut in: "While that is being done, new ABO gender-related protection acts can be announced to bring justice to Omegas to achieve true freedom and equality." He looked back at Ling Yu with a slight smile, "I believe that as soon as these acts are announced, we can get the support of a majority of the Empire’s  Omega and Beta population. These are the people who are the driving force of the Empire’s core. Auguste would be facing a considerable amount of pressure of the public opinion."
Ling Yu met Berg's gaze, agreeing: "Yes. The proposal those scientists proposed was rejected unanimously by the military. Now would be the time to re-submit the proposal!"
Berg smiled and said, "In order to further the compelling factor of this public proclamation, there will be another person present on the royal family’s side."
In shock, Ling Yu said: "Another person?"
Berg nodded and said, "I have sent someone to Lyra to pick up the eldest prince. Soon,
Sylvie
will be meeting up with us too."
(
TN
: I'm just going to give him the name I was originally going to give him before finding out that the translator(s?) for his story kept it in pinyin. This is Xiwei, the eldest prince. I'll be going back and editing his name out in the other chapters, hopefully, I can capture them all :))
Ling Yu was surprised and couldn't help admiring just how deep the schemes laid by the leader of the Undercurrent ran. "It will definitely be more convincing to have an Omega like Sylvie there! Naomi Star is our base posted in the rear for the coming war!”
The two shared a smile between themselves.
Rosen and Drew glanced at each other and couldn't help thinking: Of the two Omegas before them, one of them was the leader of the Undercurrent, and the other was the commander of the Dark Night Legion. Their strength is comparable to the final boss. As their Alphas, they are really under a lot of pressure.
On the other hand, the two ardently discussed amongst themselves, and what of the opinions of those two Alphas? Don’t tell me they won’t even lend them an ear?
Berg finally seemed to take notice of General Drew who had been left to hang out to dry off to the side, and turned to him, saying, "Drew, what do you think?"
Drew promptly nodded and said, "I agree."
Berg: "………… "
Ling Yu looked back at Rosen, who also echoed along: "Mmn, choose a good time for the princes to make a public declaration on behalf of the royal family, and I will make the arrangements with the media."
Ling Yu: "………… "
That evening, the entirety of Naomi Star was basked under the glow of brilliant lights. The soldiers of the Glory Legion were celebrating the return of the Marshal. The soldiers of the Dark Night Legion who had been lurking down below the underground base were finally able to openly move around above ground, each of the soldiers wore cheerful looks on their faces.
On the other hand, a solemn atmosphere hung in the air of the presidential palace of the Capital Star, dark storm clouds gathered ominously overhead.
Sitting on the presidential chair, Auguste slammed his fist down on the table in front of him, he spat out in between the furious gnashing of his teeth: "How could Rosen not be dead?! What about the person the Mech Association sent to do the appraisal? Were the investigative results of the Black Dragon entirely inconclusive?"
Ivan, who has always been a calm and collected individual held back the smile playing on his lips, fiddling around with the Phantom Legion's navy blue badge in his hands, he spoke frostily: "Doesn’t it feel as if we are walking right into a huge trap to you?"
Auguste frowned: "You mean… Trent?"
Ivan grimly nodded, "This “His Majesty”, normally carries a gentle and amiable presence, he pretends to be weak and incompetent, but it isn’t known for just how long he has been plotting in the dark… Ling Yu escaped from the Cepheus nineteen years ago. He must have been involved in some respect. This time we had surrounded the palace, but he still escaped. He had clearly seen through it and prepared well in advance! On top of that, I had sent someone to search Drew’s villa, and Berg is gone. This is most definitely no coincidence!"
"Berg is gone too?" The crevices along August's brow furrowed even deeper, "You mean, the people who were sent to appraise the mech had arrived at an erroneous conclusion and it was Berg who had a hand in it?!"
Ivan said coldly: "Don’t forget that Berg is a talented mech maker, it’d be a cakewalk for him to swap around a few pieces of data!"
Auguste stood up from his seat and said with a cold face: "It seems that we are going to implement the second plan."
Ivan also stood up, the corners of his mouth slightly perked up, "I will make the preparations immediately. They must not be aware that we still have something up our sleeves."
Po Military Starfield, the Rose Legion encampment.
Udir looked at the abnormal curve depicting waves of energy on the monitor screen, frown lines lightly graced his face. He turned on the communicator and spoke towards the outside of the door: "I am not feeling well, go and ask Dr. Charlie to come over."
In a moment’s time, donning a white coat, Ling Feng briskly walked over carrying a medicine chest, worriedly asking: "General, what's the matter?"
Udir eyed the subordinates who followed Ling Feng and said, "You all, get out."
After all his subordinates left, Udir gently took Ling Feng's hand and said in a low voice: "Come see, I’ve noticed some odd singularities. If I were to hazard a guess… There is an immense threat looming overhead Naomi Star."
In shock, Ling Feng said: "Naomi Star? The Glory Legion and the Hydra Legion are there."
Udir nodded, a rarely seen serious expression settled down on the man who had always worn a smile, he bowed his head down. Looking at Ling Feng, he said gravely: "I tried to get in contact with Drew, but the reception there has already been completely cut off."
Ling Feng took out the communicator to contact Ling Yu only to find that the signal was simply unable to connect.
Ling Feng said anxiously: "Ling Yu also contacted me at noon today, saying that he and Rosen have returned to Naomi Star safely, why can't they be reached now… Did something happen over there?"
Udir fell silent. After a while, he said, "It looks like there’s only one option, you will inform them in person."
Udir took out a photoelectric screen and quickly scribbled out a few lines of text, and set it to the highest level encryption. Ling Feng watched him write out the words, and each one he saw only added to his fears…
Udir passed the photoelectric screen over to Ling Feng and said softly, “Even though there isn’t any moment of the day I don’t want you here, you are the only one I can fully trust right now. Moreover, you wouldn’t attract the attention of the military leaving all by yourself as a doctor."
Ling Feng nodded, "I understand."
Udir gingerly wrapped his arms around him and said under his breath, "I will let you have Silver Snow. If you run into any danger, run away, and by all means, don’t let anything happen to yourself. You hear me?”
Listening to the overwhelming reluctance in the man’s gravelly voice, Ling Feng couldn’t help smiling, he patted him on the shoulder, saying: “ Don't you worry, in terms of running away, I am much quicker on my feet than you, nothing will happen."
Udir released him from his hold: "Every second could be the difference between life or death, get to Naomi Star in no more than an hour, get going now."
Ling Feng nodded and turned to leave.
When he reached the opening on the door, a force emanating from his wrist yanked him back. Ling Feng turned his head. Udir leaned down and gave him a kiss. His gentle gaze was fully zeroed in on Ling Feng, "Ling Feng, don't make me regret this decision… Come back safely, keep in mind that I am here, waiting for you."
The rims around Ling Feng's eyes started to get a tad watery, he firmly nodded under the gentle gaze of the man.
He and Udir had been separated for many years due to extenuating circumstances, and it was only with great difficulties that they met again. Right then, Udir took the initiative to send him off— in desperate times, he sent his Omega off to pass on the information. He knew the courage needed for Udir for this decision was no small amount.
So in response, he will definitely keep himself protected and not make it something for Udir to mourn and regret.
Ling Feng smiled at Udir and said earnestly: "Don't worry, I understand."
Udir smiled, and gently brushed through Ling Feng's dark and smooth hair, he said in a low voice, "Go ahead, Silver Snow will protect you."
Naomi Star Military Base.
Rosen told Caesar about the decision they had reached in their discussion, Caesar immediately understood the responsibilities that would rest on his shoulders. His Father’s whereabouts remained unknown, the return of the imperial royal family has naturally fallen on him. Even though he is only 18 years old, he must stand up and shoulder the burden.
There was no hesitation in Caesar, he quickly crafted an outline of the public statement for Rosen to look at. After reading it carefully, Rosen couldn't help but give credit where credit was due: "Pretty good, let your Uncle Berg help embellish it with the details and when the eldest prince arrives, look it over together with him again."
Caesar nodded: "I got it."
Lin Yuan inquisitively walked over and said, "Father, are you going to go to war in Cepheus? Is everything ready to go?"
Rosen smiled, patted his son on the shoulder, saying: "Cepheus is easy to defend and hard to attack. If it really comes to blows, there’d only be an odd half chance of success. We’d still need to make detailed arrangements… There’s no need for you to worry about this, take care to train with your mech first and foremost. "
Without delay, Lin Yuan shot off: " I’ve got it down, dad gave me one-on-one instruction that day!”
Rosen nodded and said: "Okay then, just go to bed early."
With that, he gave Caesar a look, he didn’t look too thrilled at the prospect of Caesar staying in Xiao Yuan’s room so late at night.
Caesar immediately got up and said: "Xiao Yuan, go to bed early, I'll go back."
With a face of integrity and respect, he walked out of Lin Yuan's room with his father-in-law not too far behind him.
Outside the door, Rosen looked at Caesar and asked in a level voice: "You seem to have gotten rather close to Xiao Yuan as of late?"
It wasn’t just ‘rather close’, they were practically conjoined at the hip.
Every time he looks for Caesar, he finds him in his son's room, which makes Rosen, his father, very unhappy.
Naturally, Caesar did not dare to tell Rosen that he had marked Lin Yuan, and looked for a good excuse: "The whereabouts of my Father are unknown, Xiao Yuan was worried that I’d be upset, so he just told me to come over and chat."
For a moment, Rosen rested his suspicious gaze on Caesar. After a while, he said: "Regardless of how things are now, the situation now is dire. Personal feelings need to be put aside. Keep in mind that you are a prince, don't let your Father down."
Caesar spoke cautiously: "Understood, Marshal, I know what I need to do."
Satisfied, Rosen nodded, "Go back and get some rest, fully prepare yourself. Once your Eldest Brother arrives, publicly issue the declaration. Get up early tomorrow, don’t freeze up in front of the cameras."
Caesar smiled: "I know."
Territory of the  Po Military Star, Rose Legion encampment.
Dr. Charley, wearing a white coat, hurriedly left the base carrying his medicine chest. The soldier in charge of guarding the base immediately stopped him and said in a low timbre: "Who are you? It’s too late to be going out, it’s past curfew!"
Charley took out his business card and said with an anxiety-ridden expression: "I am Dr. Charley of the medical group. The general is in serious condition. By chance, the base lacks just the medicine he needs. I am going to the Military’s General Hospital to get the medicine."
The soldier was still a little doubtful, but he saw that there was a deputy commander of the Guards Battalion who was coming along with Dr. Charley. The deputy commander frowned and sternly said to several people: "You’re still not letting us pass? Are you willing to carry the blame of delaying the general’s medical care?"
"…Understood!" The formation of people immediately gave way.
Ling Feng, escorted by the deputy commander of the Guard Battalion sent by Udir, successfully departed from the Rose Legion encampment, he turned and walked towards the Military General Hospital, and took the elevator all the way to the rooftop.
Standing on the rooftop and looking at the brilliant lights glowing underfoot, Ling Feng took a deep breath, and spoke quietly towards the necklace space button engraved with the characters for "Ling Feng" resting on his chest: "Silver Snow, let's go!"
The silvery-white mech came from inside the space button, taking Ling Feng into its control cabin. The towering mech extended its wings and at a rate nearing the speed of light, it shot off into the pitch-black night sky—
From the ground, it looked as if a bright silver beam of light had suddenly risen from the roof of the Military Regional General Hospital, shooting off into the night.
The soldiers of the Rose Legion situated on the ground widened their eyes in shock—
Was that Silver Snow? Were they seeing things?
The general is still in the lounge, how could Silver Snow leave by itself? Their vision must be off!
There was not one person who would have thought that there could be a person other than Udir who had the mental threshold to pilot Silver Snow alone. Saying nothing of the fact it would be Udir, the master himself who temporarily handed over the pilot authority of Silver Snow to his lover.
Silver Snow will be loyal to Ling Feng as Udir is loyal to him.
In the lounge.
Standing by the window, Udir looked at the silver-white light beam rising from the roof of a building not too far away, the corners of his lips raising ever so slightly.
—Auguste, in all of the thousands of your calculations, don’t you think you’ve forgotten someone?
—Do you really think that Udir, the commander of the Rose Legion, could only ever tend to flowers and some odd plants?
(
TN
: I don't think anyone really wants to know why I dipped, but I'm back now and can post on a highly irregular schedule. If anyone is curious, military-technical training school does not play games and then I had to move to my first base.）
Chapter 113: The Civil War Breaks Out
Ling Feng piloted Silver Snow over the period of several consecutive space jumps, reaching Naomi Star at the fastest possible speed.
At that time, it was two o’clock in the morning and the soldiers of the Glory Legion who were patrolling the Naomi Star Space Station saw this strange silver-white mech and immediately activated the defensive net to intercept Silver Snow.
Ling Feng said anxiously: “Please inform your Marshal, Udir, the commander of the Rose Legion, has an urgent matter to notify him of!”
Ling Feng took out the white rose flower badge, the insignia of the Rose Legion, and put it on full display. The people present in the space station looked at each other, not knowing what they should do.
Fortunately, the freshly replaced patrol captain was Rosen’s most trusted subordinate. Seeing that Ling Feng had taken out the Rose Legion’s insignia, he wasted none of his breath and connected to Rosen’s personal communicator in no time flat.
Rosen had been resting in Ling Yu’s room. In reality, he was worried that Ling Yu was unwell, so he had demanded to accompany Ling Yu in order to take care of him at night. Ling Yu had no say in this matter and was forced to allow Rosen to sleep in his room.
After receiving the communication signal, Rosen was worried about stirring Ling Yu from his slumber, so he quietly got out of bed and walked to the study in an outer room, he switched his communicator on, and asked in a whisper: “What’s the matter?”
The patrol captain saluted him, speaking with a grave tone: “Marshal, Udir, Commander of the Rose Legion, has sent someone to Naomi Star, saying that there is an urgent matter to inform you of. That person piloted General Udir’s very own mech, Silver Snow. They are currently waiting outside the space station.”
Rosen had been thrown in for a bit of a loop: “
The
Silver Snow has come?”
The other party immediately nodded, saying: “Correct, it has been confirmed without a doubt that it is the S-Class mech Silver Snow!”
—Udir had actually given his mech to someone else to pilot? It made it plain as day how much he valued and trusted this person.
Rosen thought for a while before saying: “Have him wait for a bit longer, I’m on my way over.”
Rosen quickly piloted Black Dragon to the Naomi Star Space Station, he opened the defensive net barrier and let Silver Snow land on the clearing.
The man who walked out of the control cabin was wearing a white coat and had a handsome face, along with it was a gentle temperament. However, at the moment he locked eyes with that person, Rosen suddenly froze in place— the blacks and whites of that pair of eyes that created a distinct contrast between one another, why did they look so similar to Ling Yu? Could they possibly be related?
Sure enough, the first sentence out of Ling Feng’s mouth was: “Where is Ling Yu? Is he not with you?”
Rosen answered to him: “He’s asleep. Udir sent you here, what’s the matter?”
Ling Feng frowned: ” Ling Yu is still asleep? Wake him up! If we wait any longer, there won’t be enough time!”
With that, Ling Feng ignored Rosen’s surprised gaze and piloted Silver Snow directly to Naomi Star’s Underground Military Base, the path he took was traversed with the familiarity one would expect of someone making their way back to their home.
Rosen watched this scene in shock and finally came back down to his senses after three seconds. After giving a few words to his subordinates, he immediately turned around and followed Silver Snow.
Ling Feng has lived here with Ling Yu for many years, he would naturally be pretty familiar with it. He had Silver Snow touchdown straight at the entrance of the underground base, passed through the password verification, and walked through the familiar stretch of corridors up to Ling Yu’s lounge.
Ling Yu was sleeping on his side, frowning uncomfortably because of the little one inside him. In a dream, a little baby grabbed his hand, calling out dad. He was about to respond, but suddenly the quilt was being yanked off and there was a force pulling him up.
Ling Yu, who was startled awake, frowned in displeasure: “Rosen, what is it?”
Ling Feng glanced at his younger brother, “Get up, I’m not Rosen!”
He opened his eyes and was met with a familiar face. The sleep fog finally dispersed from Ling Yu, and he said in surprise, “Brother? Why are you here?”
Ling Feng: “…………”
Rosen, who hurriedly followed from behind into the bedroom, witnessed this scene, he had originally wanted to scold Ling Feng for entering someone’s room so impolitely without permission. Hearing Ling Yu referring to the other as his brother, Rosen stiffly swallowed his words back down, touched his nose, and smiled at Ling Feng with an amiable disposition: “Ahem, and you would be Ling Yu’s brother? Ling Feng?”
Ling Feng gave Rosen a look, he held absolutely zero interest in humoring Rosen with any superfluous words, he just went straight to the point, taking out the electronic screen Udir gave him, his words laced with solemnity: “Ling Yu, the communication line between Naomi Star and the outside world has been completely cut off. Udir asked me to come over myself and pass on the news to you! Take a look, the situation is dire, we may need to evacuate anytime now!”
Seeing his brother’s serious expression, Ling Yu immediately sat up from the bed, putting on a coat through the motions, and took the screen, unlocking it with the password.
Udir described his discovery in a few simple words—
He always had an inkling that Po Military Starfield had more to it than what could be readily seen on the surface, so after having the Rose Legion post on Po Military Starfield, Udir secretly deployed a stealth reconnaissance aircraft. It was to surveil whether there would be any consistent abnormalities at the Empire’s biggest military base.
Udir’s main surveillance priorities were settled on several large patches of forest ground and ravines on Po Military Star. Unfortunately, no distinctive abnormalities were detected over the course of several months. However, on this very night, Udir had dispatched a miniature unmanned surveillance aircraft into the early hours of the morning. It suddenly sent back an abnormal report— the reconnaissance aircraft found an enormous military base in the depths of the Koln Forest!
The reason why the scene of that moment was captured is precisely that the underground military base was entering the launching stage!
This underground base was extremely well hidden, amongst the lushly dense forestry and mountains was an expansive plot of land, the artificial turf that blanketed over it split open. If it weren’t for the careful reconnaissance efforts, it’d have been impossible to discover it.
The underground base holds the ultimate nuclear weapons possessing an extremely terrifying destructive power— and these ultimate nuclear missiles were capable of crossing galaxies. Their placement was inclined towards the Capital Star on Cepheus, the other being none other than Naomi Star!
After Udir detected the abnormal nuclear energy fluctuations, he immediately had Ling Feng go notify Ling Yu because he believed that after learning that Rosen and Ling Yu hadn’t died, Auguste would without a doubt set off the long-buried galactic missiles to strike Naomi Star!
—Such a brutal, cruel method, Rosen and Ling Yu would have been none the wiser.
Galactic missiles had tremendous power, and its advanced seeking system could accurately reach the designated coordinate point through space jumps. Once successfully launched, it could blow up a small-scale planetary body, to say nothing of Naomi Star and its weak defensive capabilities from a militaristic standpoint as a planet based on mining and natural resources.
As early as the founding of the Empire, the first appointed ruler ordered for the prohibition of ultimate nuclear weapon manufacturing so as to prevent the grave destruction of the entire universe and its environment. Unexpectedly, under the nose of everyone, Auguste has actually built an underground base in the Koln Forest of the Po Military Starfield to research such a horrible thing…
Ling Yu and Rosen looked at each other and both thought of those badges Xiao Yuan had found in the Koln Forest.
Obviously, Auguste had begun preparations for this as early as more than 20 years ago. It was possible that those three officers of the Thunder Legion found something they shouldn’t have, leading to their deaths, their badges left behind in the Koln Forest for Lin Yuan to stumble upon.
The truth had come out, but a chill nevertheless ran down the spines of everyone in the room.
Auguste’s schemes were deeply rooted and calculated with minute deliberation, his plans had already begun to come to fruition! The Hydra Legion and the Glory had moved to Naomi Star. The moment they make a move, the galactic nuclear weapons will be launched to blow up Naomi Star!
Ling Yu’s expression pulled a complete 180°, enduring the pangs of discomfort settling in his stomach region, he turned over and got up with not a moment wasted and changed his clothes. He turned his head back to Rosen, saying: “I’ll gather the people of the Dark Night Legion, you go notify Drew, we will be evacuating effective immediately!”
“Alright!” Rosen nodded and went on a search for Drew.
Ling Yu spoke with a steady calm, “Brother, Xiao Yuan and Snow are in the rooms numbered 7-10 on the left. I definitely won’t be able to look after them at the moment. I will trouble you to take care of them.”
Ling Feng spoke in a rushed tone: “Don’t worry, I’ll pick them up right now!”
In a minute’s time, coming from the communicators carried by the soldiers of the Glory Legion, Hydra Legion, and the Dark Night Legion, an ear-piercing siren rang in concert. The sharp sound pierced the night sky and instantaneously shattered the tranquility that should have been present at two in the morning—
Lin Yuan was sound asleep when he suddenly heard that shrill alarm. As was in his soldier’s nature, he realized that something major happened on the base. He changed into his clothes and went out the door as fast as he could, he was met with the sight of Caesar, Brian, and Snow coming out of their rooms next door at the same time.
The blaring sirens continued to cry throughout the base and these odd few teenagers looked at each other completely dumbfounded just in time to catch sight of a man speeding towards them.
Snow widened his eyes, saying in shock: “Dad? Why are you here?”
Ling Feng walked up to the four of them and clapped Snow’s shoulder, saying: “I’ll tell you everything later. Ling Yu and Rosen have to get their legions in working order and don’t have time to take look after you all. Hurry and come with me!”
Although the four of them were very confused, they could see Ling Feng’s grave expression. They asked no more questions and turned to keep pace with his footsteps.
When they had surfaced from the underground base, they were struck dumb by the scene unfolding in front of them—
The open space outside the base was densely packed with soldiers dressed in uniform, the number of warships loitering in the air was far too many to count, their wings carried out to full mast, almost entirely blocking the shining bits of starlight speckled on the night sky. Only the insignia of a shining golden sun on the black warships could be seen giving off a sparkling light.
“The 10th Division of the Glory Legion is assembled!”
“The air combat troops are beginning to evacuate!”
“The 2nd Division is assembled!”
“…”
At two o’clock in the morning, even in such a dire situation, the evacuation of the three major legions was still done in an orderly fashion, not a single shred of chaos could be seen!
Ling Yu, who was the most familiar with Naomi Star served as the commander-in-chief of this evacuation operation. He delineated three large areas, allowing the three Dark Night, Hydra and Glory Legions to assemble individually and evacuate under the guidance of three distinct routes.
From a distance, it was as if a group of birds had gathered and simultaneously left Naomi Star, flying off into the distance far, far away…
Lin Yuan was in Silver Snow’s cockpit, watching this scene play out from a distance, he was shaken to his very core!
He admired his dad’s ability to command, and was even more shook by the steel-like cohesion and the clean-cut orderliness of the mobility speed belonging to the Empire’s top three legions!
In less than half an hour, the three legions stationed on Naomi Star that were comprised of millions of people had completely withdrawn!
The Hylte No Man’s Land on the outer edge of the Isville Galaxy had become a temporary foothold for the three major legions.
After landing in the dead zone, all soldiers in the warships wore oxygen masks, except for those in B-Class mechs and above equipped with self-contained oxygen supply.
Because of constant battling in space, the oxygen reserves in the Legion can keep them afloat for a day.
Ling Yu, Rosen, and Drew each piloted their respective mechs and stayed at the forefront. The three connected to each other’s communicators to come to an agreement for the following courses of action. Drew couldn’t help saying: “I didn’t expect Udir to be so shrewd. And here I was thinking he had moved to Po Military Starfield to laze around.”
Drew has always had an issue with Udir’s inclinations towards the arts and his strange hobby of gardening, but this time, Udir’s prompt notification gave Drew a slightly more favorable impression towards this strangely-tempered general.
Rosen smiled and said: “Udir isn’t as simple as we believed, otherwise, how could he possibly live such a simple and easy life for so many years serving as the commander, all the while under the pressure of those ancient antiques of the Shaman Family?”
At the mention of the Shaman Family’s ancient patriarchs, Ling Yu’s eyebrows curled into a frown.
What happened to his brother back then was the fault of Udir’s grandfather, his insistence on the idea of Pure-Blood Elitism prevented Udir from getting together with someone of unknown lineage. With Auguste launching a mutiny, there were some from the Shaman Family that maintained a neutral stance, while the other half actually held a positive opinion.
Udir did not publicly state his position, but since he asked Ling Feng to come over to inform them of such critical news, he clearly was not in favor of Auguste’s decisions.
So long as the Rose Legion was not moving against them, Ling Yu would have a bit more confidence during the up-and-coming confrontation.
Ling Yu poised his mouth to speak: “When the window for the missile launch has passed, let’s relocate.”
From inside the screen display, Rosen looked at Ling Yu, “Where do you think is the best place to set our base?”
Ling Yu pointed towards a cosmic nephogram, pictured as a radiant starfield that sparkled and shone, similar to that of a lyre from the era of Ancient Greece: “Let’s go to Lyra.”
This line of thinking just so happened to coincide with Berg.
From inside Drew’s mech, Berg nodded and said: “Lyra is quite a ways away from the Capital Star. Even if Auguste wanted to, we’d be way out of his strike range. More importantly, the Second Princess, Sia, had been married off to Lyra. Her husband has quite the repertoire in that area, the Eldest Prince, Sylvie currently resides there. We’ll be much safer going there.”
As a matter of fact, Rosen and Drew’s first thought had also been Lyra.
In a majority of the Empire’s starfields, the greater part of them had already been in the hands of the Thunder Legion and the Phantom Legion, Po Military Starfield was also home to their underground bases. Only the Lyra Starfield had yet to fall in their hands.
Moreover, there was a planet on the outer edge of Lyra. It was a resource-rich planet similar to Naomi Star. It is uninhabited and only a few troops responsible for mining minerals are stationed there.
The main three legions had an extremely large amount of people, this planet would be their best option to land on.
Although the two had already made plans that had remained unspoken, Rosen was more than happy to end with letting his Omega be the one to say it. Rosen and Drew looked at each other and came to agree with their Omega’s suggestions.
This pair of Omegas were really so smart…
As their Alphas, Rosen and Drew although feeling a bit pressured were nevertheless very proud of them.
The Hylte No Man’s Land had originally been desolate and uninhabited, the barren stretches of land were chock full of huge, grotesquely shaped rocks. There were no stars anywhere in the surrounding area, bringing about a complete lack of any sources of light, it was just as dark as it was in the underworld.
The three major legions landed here, and many soldiers felt as though they were walking on pins and needles.
As soldiers serving the Empire, obeying military law was the only thing they knew to do. The commander of their legion issued a top-level alert order to urgently gather the legion. Although they all evacuated in accordance with the orders of their superiors, they were confused, moving along the motions in a muddled state. They were absolutely clueless as to what the reason for the sudden evacuation was—
Until half an hour later.
Sometime in the early morning in a time after the hour hand had struck three, a dazzling beam of light suddenly streaked across the outer edge of the Isville Galaxy, breaking through the atmosphere, leaving in its wake a long trail of light flying straight towards Planet Naomi!
—BOOM!
The deafening clap that shook the heavens and the earth seemed to leave its reverberations throughout the entire universe!
Looking through the monitor screen, the small aqua-blue planet held a resemblance to a pretty blue gem, but at that moment, the gem was irrevocably shattered into pieces, the whole planet was bombarded one after another with nuclear warheads until it could be shattered no further!
The smoke of war filled the air, dust bloomed up!
The starry sky in that place so far away seemed to have been warped under a tremendous force into a terrible graveyard!
The soldiers were stunned. If they hadn’t evacuated ahead of time, they would have been blown to ashes, there wouldn’t have been a body to bury!
Looking at that scene, Lin Yuan felt a sourness creeping from the bottom of his heart—
From a time before he was four years old, he had lived on this planet with his dad. He always remembered the beautiful golden sandy shores and the blue ocean that stretched as far as the eye could see. However, as of today, this beautiful planet called Naomi Star was no more. He has always wanted to go back to those beaches with his dad, just to see, but before his wish could come to fruition, this planet was thoroughly destroyed.
In the distance filled with artillery smoke, the field of view had grown hazy due to the thick coils of smoke rising, and very soon, that beautiful planet was blown apart.
War was so much crueler than he imagined…
Lin Yuan stood in front of the porthole, and his hands balled into a fist at the sight of the scene displayed on the monitor.
Seeing that the little monster’s mood wasn’t good, Caesar hurriedly walked to his side and gently held his hand.
Lin Yuan turned around, and the two of them looked at each other. Without saying anything, they could understand each other’s intentions. This was genuinely a nice feeling.
Lin Yuan couldn’t help smiling. He knew that, no matter how difficult things would be in the future, with Caesar and his hands so tightly entwined as they stood side by side—
Together, they would go through the darkness, and together they would welcome the light.
At 3:10 on the morning of July 10, Cosmic Year 799, a secret military base hidden in Po Military Starfield suddenly launched a cross-galaxy ultimate nuclear missile to Naomi Star… However, the Dark Night Legion, the Glory Legion, and the Hydra Legion under the command of the heads of each respective legion evacuated to the Hylte No Man’s Land half an hour earlier, avoiding a bombing on such a massive scale that was capable of destroying an entire planet.
The next morning, the commander of the Glory Legion Rosen Bessemer, the commander of the Hydra Legion Drew Bayh, and the commander of the Dark Night Legion, Ling Yu, who had been missing for many years, all made their appearances on live TV, announcing the formation of the Empire Alliance, in support of Prince Caesar and the revival of the royal family.
The largest civil war in the history of the Empire started with a bang.Volume 1: San Romia Military Academy
Chapter 1: Admission to Military School
Rennes planet on the edge of the Cigar Galaxy, this is a very barren and desolate planet, with a population of less than 100 million. Unlike other planets with four seasons and habitable spring-like atmosphere, Rennes was frosty, snowing all year round. The entire planet was a world of snow and ice, white as far as the eye can see.
Such a cold place was inhabited thanks to the huge amounts of energy reserves stored under the planet's surface—a mineral named blue crystal that is essential for making large warships. His Majesty even dispatched an army stationed to oversee the mining of this precious mineral.
Cosmic Calendar 798 winter, on December 24, Christmas Eve. RN1317 Rennes planet, a very ordinary civilian residential area. In an ordinary living room, a virtual Christmas tree with different colors of laser lights pulsing to the rhythm of some music. The music and constantly flashing lights filled the simple three bedroom house with a festive atmosphere.
There was a scent wafting from the kitchen.
A beautiful woman is cooking seriously, next to her is a young girl, her hair up in ponytail, decorating a colorful cake. The smell of the food and the sweetness of the cake mix together, creating a smell that's easy to open the appetite.
Out from the wind and snow a young juvenile enters the house, from the door he was immediately attracted by the rich aroma.
The teenager was apparently an Asian boy, with ink-black hair and bright eyes, his soft snowflake-light black hair was against his ear, in stark contrast to his fair complexion.
The boy held out his hand, breathed into his palms and gently rubbed them together, his ears were bitingly red. He quickly changed out of his shoes and took off his warm coat, walked into the kitchen and greeted the busy woman with a smile: “Mom, I’m home! ” - listening to the sound of his voice was like listening to a string of sweet musical notes.
The cooking woman turned to greet him, but when she saw the boy's red ears, she could not help but worriedly say: “Is it that cold outside? Xiao Yuan, quick go take a hot bath, the food will be done soon. ”
Lin Yuan said with a smile:” It’s all right, I'll help you guys! ”
He went to his sister’s side, curiously looked at the cake and rolled up his sleeves to help, but his sister frowned and pushed him away:” Go, go, go, the less people in the kitchen the less chaos, there's no need for your help, just wait to eat!" Lin Yao pushed her brother out the door, while rubbing his silky black hair until it was messed up to satisfaction.
Lin Yuan can't help but say, “Sis, I’m not Hobby, can you not rub my head like that?”
Hobby, the small white dog he picked up two years ago in front of the space station, his sister often rubbed it from head to toe, she’d even weave its long hair into a braid.
After hearing his master’s voice, a little braided Hobby happily ran in and rubbed up against Lin Yuan's leg, issued a little whine of grievance. Lin Yuan picked it up sympathetically.
Lin Yao stared at him: “You still haven't taken a shower?"
After saying this she gave Hobby a stern look, the little dog immediately fearfully shrunk his head into Lin Yuan's arms.
“……” Lin Yuan quickly held Hobby and turned away so it couldn't suffer from his sister’s gaze attack any longer.
When he came out of the shower the food was already spread out on the table. There was a round cake, delicately covered with a ring of fresh strawberries, written on it was “Happy 18th Birthday Lin Yuan”.
Although his sister has an aggressive personality, she has a hand for cooking, especially her delicious handmade cakes. The virtual candles on the cake in the dark room is like a burst of fireworks. Lin Yuan's heart can't help but fill with warmth. Although they're only virtual candles, blowing out candles has always been their family tradition.
He was born of Christmas Eve. Every year his mother and sister would use this ancient and solemn way to celebrate his birthday. Although he grew up without a father, and didn't know what type of personality his father had, he never lacked for warmth in his single parent family. His mother's cooking and his sister's personally baked cake, was the best birthday present he could have.
Lin Yuan started to cut into the cake, but was stopped by Lin Yao: “Hey, don’t forget to make a wish."
"Oh, yeah."
Lin Yuan smiled, gently close his eyes, clasped his hands, and made a wish– the same wish he's made every year since he knew what a wish was –To get out of here one day.
Lin Yuan always felt that he did not belong here. In his dreams, there would always appear a warm aqua blue planet with sunny skies, sea and sand, fresh air and green plants, a planet suitable for human life. He did not want to stay in this barren desert land of ice and snow all his life. Rennes had fewer and fewer residents each year, and seeing those people one by one moving to other galaxies, Lin Yuan could not help but think: "One day I'll leave here with my mother and sister." He wanted to take them out of this cold and desolate place, and live in his warm, spring filled dream planet.
–Fortunately, this desire will soon be achieved.
Because he just got an admission letter from the San Romia Military Academy.
After dinner ended, Lin Yuan returned to the bedroom, dug through his backpack and took out an exquisite dark blue envelope. The envelope paper was very high quality and felt thick in his hands. The right corner of the envelope had a beautiful insignia, similar to the wings of an Eagle, printed on it– the coat of arms of the Lacey Empire Army.
In this age of accelerating technology, connection between people was through e-mail and visual communication devices, this ancient letter sending is very rare, only the San Romia Military Academy would use such a grand way to contact students. Of course, an e-mail message was also sent out. This paper acceptance letter was sent to students as a souvenir.
–San Romia Military Academy, Lacey Empire's best military academy. Many of the empire's generals, the Marshals, and even the Empire's Majesty, Mark Strand, have studied there. For this reason, San Romia Military Academy's exquisite paper acceptance letter was carefully treasured by many students, it even became their crowning glory.
Lin Yuan touched the letter, his lips can't help but rise slightly higher, his black eyes filled with undisguised delight.
–I actually got in!
Soon, he'll be a San Romia Military Academy student, the wise generals and His Majesty himself will be his alumni!
His mother and sister were watching the news on the virtual optical screen in the living room, Lin Yuan sat down by his mother, handed her the envelope, hugged her shoulders, smiled and said, “Mom, take a look at this. ”
"What is it?"
A little doubtful, Mrs. Lin took the envelope, saw the lower-right corner of the envelope had an Eagle pattern, fingers shaking a little, took a deep breath, and opened the envelope to see the silver printed handwriting on the beautiful letter.
–San Romia Military Academy admission notice.
Student Lin Yuan, with outstanding results on the entrance examination, is admitted to San Romia Military Academy as student No. 598 of the military command section. Please report to the Academy on or before January 18, cosmic calendar 799. The woman suddenly closed the notice, face pale, and looked back at Lin Yuan: “You secretly attended the army’s public exam?!"
“……” Lin Yuan was shocked silent, he thought when his mother saw the letter she'd be happy for him, but his mom's shocked expression didn't have a hint of joy and she rarely spoke to him in such a shrill tone.
Lin Yuan paused, quizzically scratched his head and said: “Mom, I’m sorry, you were in hospital, the Military Academy was open for admissions and I didn't have time to tell you……”
“Yeah, Lin Yuan told me he was signing up!"
Lin Yao tried to clear her brother's name. She took the notice from her mother hands, reading the letter back and forth several times carefully, after confirming, Lin Yao rubbed her brother’s hair: “Good for you! I really didn't expect it'd be real! San Romia Military Academy! Wow, that’s the best school in this whole empire! ”
Lin Yuan felt embarrassed by her pet-like hair rubbing, quickly moved his head to avoid the clutches of his sister, and secretly sneaked the innocent dog relaxing in the corner of the sofa into his sister’s hand. Lin Yao shifted targets, held Hobby in her arms, rubbed his little fluffy head, and said with a proud expression: “My brother will certainly become an excellent warship Commander! No, forget being a commander, my brother will be a five-star General! I was a General’s sister, hahaha! "
Little Hobby: “Woo wowo…..”
Lin Yuan: “cough cough … …”
The two siblings were joking around, turned around only to find that their mother’s face was paler, her fingers were even slightly trembling.
Lin Yuan worriedly asked, “Mom, what’s wrong?"
Lin Yao also put down the dying from excessive rubbing Hobby, said:” Mom, don’t get angry, you were sick in the hospital, Xiao Yuan just didn't want to worry you so he didn’t say anything. ”
Mrs. Lin was silent for a moment, looked at her son:” Well, do you have to go to military school? Isn't it better to test to another school? After all, military … …Military schools are very strict…… ”
Lin Yuan waved her concerns away with a smile: “I’m a boy, that type of hard work is nothing, plus being a soldier has always been my dream, I always wanted to grow up and go to a Military Academy."
Lin Yuan paused, finally puzzled at his mom's reaction, "Mom, you don’t want me to go to San Romia Military Academy?"
"Of course…of course not……” Mrs. Lin just laughed, “that's our Empire’s best school, the entrance examinations are very strict, only a small amount of students are admitted each year, you passed by your skill alone, Mom is very happy for you. ”
Mrs. Lin stood up from the couch and gently rubbed his head,” You guys talk, I'm going to bed early.”
The siblings watched her leave, both eyes looked at each other quizzically. They could not perceive their mother's abnormalities, Mrs. Lin personality has always been gentle, they thought she looked pale because she was too excited and because of her poor health.
After she left, Lin Yao once again entered into “My brother's been admitted to the top school in the Empire” Ecstasy, she told her brother a variety of things to pay attention to, while gallantly leading him to his bedroom to quickly pack his luggage.
–Only a short two weeks before San Romia Academy opens its gates.
***
At 11 o’clock in the evening.
Raging winds, heavy snow, a beautiful woman wrapped in a thick coat appeared at the doorway of a Villa, she rang the bell, and was soon invited inside.
The woman's pale fingers were trembling, her voice rose at the sight of the person who appeared in front of her: “Professor Fornt, you have to help me think of something……”
The professor was already more than 50 years old, slightly portly figure, and as a doctor, he was very gentle towards people. He saw Mrs. Lin's pale face, quickly brought her to the living room, and poured her a cup of hot water. He softly whispered, “Mrs. Lin, don't worry, please speak slowly."
Mrs. Lin clutched the cup in her hands, her lips quivering, and said:” Ahhh, Xiao Yuan…he enrolled in the San Romia Military Academy, and was accepted …Oh my God, he kept telling me he's joining the military…. ”
Fornt was shocked silly: “You mean, the directly governed by the military San Romia Academy?"
Mrs Lin nodded, her face tense. Fornt's face also changed, “As far as I know, San Romia Military Academy's rules are very strict."
"I know, if a student is admitted to the academy, they're required by the military to report on time, otherwise they will be considered a deserter…." Mrs. Lin paused:” But, but how can I let him go to military school? He's an Omega … …Oh my God, he's already 18 years old what if in school he….. ”
Mrs. Lin was afraid to continue. At 18 years old, an Omega will enter their first season of their life. An Omega will completely lose control during estrus, dominated by their nature, they'll only aspire to be embraced, be occupied, be marked. In the military there are countless Alpha, a single Omega who can enter estrus at any time, aren't they no different than a sheep thrown into a den of wolves?
Chapter 2: New Omega Inhibitor
As the family doctor, Fornt is very familiar with the Lin family next door. Lin and her husband are descendants of the ancient earth era of humans in Asia,
Asia in the Earth era was a very great country, with nearly 5,000 years of civilization, and there were hundreds of legendary surnames - compared to a complex name like Fornt Venetier? Having an only two or three syllable name was simple.
Mrs Lin and her husband are Beta, their daughter Lin Yao is also a Beta. Her husband was a soldier of the Empire who died in battle many years ago, therefore, the Government paid them a yearly stipend to maintain their daily livelihood. The war between the Lacey Empire and Strandian Federation has stretched over hundreds of years and has claimed the lives of thousands of young soldiers. This single mother Beta family circumstance is increasingly becoming more common. Mrs. Lin and her daughter Lin Yao are a very ordinary, not notable family….but she also has a son.
-Lin Yuan.
Fornt remembered the boy’s name and even remembered the first time he saw him.
That was ten years ago, Fornt had just moved to a civilian residential area on this planet. That day, he saw a boy about eight years old, an Asian boy with yellow skin, black hair and a pair of big obsidian black clear eyes. Rennes is a cold planet, with regular snowfall, when Fornt met Lin Yuan he was playing in the snow. The boy molded the snow into a variety of interesting shapes, a spherical jellyfish, and hexagonal starfish, there were flat crabs and a variety of strange marine life.
He was oozing out a layer of sweat from his brow, his ears were slightly red, but the cold didn't stop his fun of piling up art snow sculptures one after another.
Fornt stood in the distance, sitting idly watching the boy play, the little boy spotted him, smiled back at him–the boy’s smile was bright, his grinning mouth showing white teeth, his little baby fat jiggled as he laughed, he was lively and lovely.
–At that moment, Fornt thought he saw the long absent Sun.
The second time he saw the boy was on a cold, snowy night. Mrs. Lin came looking for him in the middle of night in tears, begging him to save her child. He took a medical kit over to look at the child, and inadvertently discovered that the boy was an Omega–and a very pureblooded Omega at that!
Descendants of a Beta and Beta pairing can only be Beta! Only a combination of an Alpha and an Omega can give birth to a pureblooded Omega! The pureblooded Omega ratio in humans is only 5%, and less than 1% of Omega are men!
According to the law of the Empire, Omega, who are treated as a rare "cherished species", are required to be registered to the “Empire Omega Protection Association” at birth and placed under direct control of the government. Before the age of 13, the Government will provide living allowances for the Omega's family.
At the age of 13, all Omega will be shipped to the Cepheus Galaxy star to attend an Omega School for a 5 year education period. The serious imbalance in the gender ratio of Alpha and Omega, plus the extremely low birth rate and high mortality rate of Betas, has put the human population in a negative state of growth.
For the sake of humanity's continuation, Omega, who have the highest fertility rate, become the Empire's “protected” species at the age of 18. The society will immediately arrange a genetically compatible Alpha for their marriage, bearing only the most outstanding offspring! It was strange that the Omega child called Lin Yuan would be lost in this desolate, barren planet. It was immediately clear that he was not registered in the Omega Protection Association, but was living as an ordinary Beta in the most desolate planet in the universe, and had lived there for eight years.
–Fornt was in disbelief.
Mrs. Lin reluctantly told him the whole truth. There's a secret experiment to change a human's physiology. The experiment's promoter was a very ambitious Omega genius doctor, he hoped that Omega would finally be able to leave the government's control. Then they'll be free to direct their own life, instead of being forced to become some Alpha's plaything, year after year treated as a tool for human reproduction!
The doctor developed an “Omega pheromone inhibitor" which quickly became an open secret between Omega. Many Omega men and women with a strong sense of autonomy secretly used this inhibitor to become no different from ordinary Beta. They could go to school, make friends, attend social events, rather than be like a machine trapped at home for childbirth, childbirth, childbirth.
Among these Omega, the most famous was Ling Yu, a major-general. After using the Omega pheromone inhibitor, he mixed into the military Academy, and became the youngest General in the history of the Empire, with excellent military command. He even had his own independent corps!
However, his Omega inhibitor unexpectedly failed during a military operation, in the middle of the battlefield he was forced to enter into heat. Fortunately he managed to gain control of his Alpha subordinates and successfully evacuated his regiment from the front lines, but he was ultimately expelled from the military.
It attracted the attention of His Majesty, and since then the Omega pheromone inhibitors were seized and disabled. The young major General Ling Yu was unaccounted for ever since. Some say that he was secretly executed by the military, some say that he was brought home to have children. Some have even said that he was too humiliated to appear in public and committed suicide.
In any case, the legendary Omega General never appeared again, and no one knows the truth of his whereabouts, That battle became the army’s top secret, which no one dared to openly discuss.
Fornt was shocked that the child Lin Yuan was also injected with the Omega pheromone inhibitor! In that year the inhibitors had become prohibited in the Empire. He'd been injected with the drug from birth, so even as a strong pureblooded Omega, his Omega scent was very light.
He was sick because his inhibitor's effect was running out, and at eight years old he could not enter heat like an adult Omega, so his body’s hormone imbalance caused his immune system to collapse. Mrs. Lin told Fornt that according to the Omega doctor's deduction, if the inhibitors were injected long term till the age of 20, through an Omega's most intense heat from age 18-20, Lin Yuan could completely become a Beta. Although a private sex change was obviously violating the laws of the Empire, but when faced with Mrs. Lin’s tear stained face and the tightly held body of the constantly trembling young boy, Fornt relented.
Yes, he really liked that lovely boy. He wanted the child to grow up happily, rather than die at the early age of eight. Thus, Professor Fornt promised to help Lin Yuan. He took the list of medical ingredients from Mrs. Lin and after intense research he successfully made a new Omega inhibitor–this inhibitor not only adjusts the Omega's hormone imbalance, but also let their physique be no different than ordinary Beta, more importantly this inhibitor could change the human blood factor to avoid high-end screening checks–even routine blood tests!
The only test that must be avoided is genetic testing.
Human genetics cannot be changed with pharmaceuticals, once Lin Yuan's Omega gene was detected his identity would be exposed! Ten years ago, a decision in a moment of weakness, caused Fornt to embark on a journey of no return. He has watched Lin Yuan grow up, he loves that little Asian boy. Now, that lovely little boy has grown up and became an 18 years old teenager, if he could hold out for two years, he could completely turn into an ordinary, happy Beta, and have the freedom of control of his own life.
However, why did he suddenly apply to that damn military school? And he actually got accepted? God dammit!
The Empire places great importance on the observance of military rules and regulations, an institute controlled directly by the military like San Romia Military Academy, where annual enrollment is limited, if Lin Yuan is admitted to the academy but doesn't report on time, the army will certainly hold him accountable—to register for the San Romia Military Academy yet inexplicably not show up, it's not strange to be treated as a deserters from the battlefield, he might even be wanted by the military!
If Lin Yuan goes to military school, he cannot guarantee that his Omega identity would not be detected. Once his identity is exposed, he would be sent to the Omega Association, and given to an Alpha for marking, possession, and childbirth! For Lin Yuan who has always thought himself a Beta, it'd be a devastating blow!
Fornt frowned in thought for a long time, eventually he took a deep breath, and tried to connect to a friend's communicator. Soon on the holographic projection screen, a middle-aged steel faced man appeared.
The man glanced at Fornt, asked in a deep voice: “Fornt, why are you looking for me so late?"
Fornt smiled and said:” Oh, my dear Lieutenant-Colonel Knox, there’s something I’d like to ask you. What types of test does the San Romia Military Academy perform on school freshmen? My nephew plans to register for San Romia Military Academy, I want to know the situation in advance. ”
"Physical examination, physical fitness tests and serological tests." The stern-faced officers frowned slightly, he then said,” Your nephew? Claude who plays games all day? He has no hope of getting into San Romia Military Academy, you’d better let him give up. ”
"Cough, he's always stubborn." Fornt dragged his nephew out as a shield, then immediately changed the subject,” So you say, the school doesn't do genetic testing? ”
Knox nodded:” Only in cases of suspected bloodline problems do we do genetic testing, generally it's not done. ”
Fornt smiled,” Oh, thank you, I'll take you out to dinner when I get back. ”
Knox deadpan, "That's what you’ve been saying for the past decade."
When the communication ended, Fornt awkwardly touched his nose. Yes, it had been ten years since he came to this planet, and every time he called he'd invite his friend to dinner “when he returned”, he didn't even know how many dinners he owed his friend now. Fortunately, he picked up some very valuable news.
Lieutenant-Colonel Knox was one of San Romia Military Academy's instructors, he manages the testing period, every year the freshman experience a month-long hell under his reign.
"Since he said so, the serum would go undetected." Fornt sighed, and said to Mrs. Lin: “Mrs. Lin, don’t be impatient, I've thought of a way." Mrs. Lin looked up immediately,” Professor, do you have a good idea? ”
Fornt said:” Let Lin Yuan report to the military school, I'll give him a batch of inhibitor pills, made by dispersing the bi-monthly injection into several tablets, so that it could escape the intelligent detection ability of the interstellar gateway. As long as he takes the medicine on time, after two years, he will completely turn into a Beta. ”
Mrs. Lin was in shock:” Send him to the Military Academy? This …What if he… in school…. ”
Fornt smiled: “Don’t worry, this inhibitor's performance is more stable than before, it won't suddenly fail. As long as he takes the medicine on time, his Omega pheromone will be comprehensively suppressed, there'll be no unexpected heat.” Fornt paused,” but you’ve got to find a way to get him to keep taking his medicine. Each pill's inhibitor concentration is very low, taking it every day is best, if there are unexpected disruptions, make sure it lasts no more than a week. ”
Mrs. Lin is conflicted for a moment, sending Lin Yuan away to the Military Academy seems to be the only choice, adventuring to school with drugs seems to be much better than being wanted by the army … … Even if the worst case scenario occurs and his Omega identity is exposed, being a pureblooded Omega, he'll at least be immediately protected by the Government.
–As long as there's no unexpected estrus. For inexperienced Alpha cadets, an Omega's estrus pheromone would definitely make the Alpha lose their minds like animals …Mrs. Lin doesn't dare to think about the horrible possibilities. She can only tightly clutch her necklace to her chest, and whisper again and again in the bottom of her heart a prayer: God, please bless this child! Please bless him!
*****
Next door in the Lin house, Lin Yuan was resting in his bedroom.
The 18 year old teenager stretched his body, comfortably sleeping in his bed, dreaming of a warm and wonderful landscape. Although he was sure he'd never been to that place, he always dreamed of that scenery. The blue planet, where there was sunshine, green plants, with soft golden sandy beaches and an endless blue sea, the waves on the beach make a sweet rushing noise. He could even smell the salt in the warm sea breeze gently brushing his cheek.
He dreamed that he was living in a simple cottage by the sea, a soft melody always drifting through the room. There's a soft hand stroking his head, a man’s voice repeatedly ringing in his ears: “Son, you’ll be a Beta, an ordinary, joyful Beta … … All right?" Lin Yuan heard words coming out of his mouth:” Okay Papa! I am a Beta!”
-Is that…father?
That gentle voice who's calling him son, is that his papa?? In the dream, a wave suddenly engulfed all the good scenes in front, replacing them with endless despair and darkness.
-His 18th birthday has passed, today, he's really a grown up.
Deep in his body there seems to be a fierce beast slowly awakening. That beast was controlled, repressed for a long long time, now it's finally woken up- lonely, screaming, and yelling. It seems to want to break through, layer by layer, it peels back its prison walls. A strange thrill rises slowly from his spine, his pale skin oozing out a thin layer of sweat, rapidly flowing blood in his blood vessels. His heart began to fiercely beat out of control. There's a strange sense of emptiness, Lin Yuan shivers from the cold. From the deep places of his body, he felt a sudden desire to be hugged.
Why is it so cold …Is it snowing outside? Lin Yuan vaguely thought, a little uneasy, he wrapped himself deeper into his quilts, and fell into a strange nightmare.
Chapter 3: Two Conditions
When he woke up the next day, there was a delicious breakfast on the table. Lin Yuan washed up and joined his family in the kitchen. He saw his mother’s pale face, walked to her side and gently hugged her shoulder, smiled and said, “Mom, are you still mad about me not telling you?"
Mrs. Lin looked at the young man's bright smile and her heart couldn't help but feel a little bitter. How can I tell him? You're not a Beta, you're an Omega, your dad is also an Omega, I'm just your foster mother, and we don’t have any blood relation? You received a so-called “gender transformation test" at birth, and was forced to be injected with an Omega pheromone inhibitor. You must eat Dr. Fornt's new inhibitor pills every day for two years until you thoroughly become a Beta? If you do not take this medicine, you'll likely entire into estrus, and an Omega's estrus causes loss of reason, only left with instinct, longing to be embraced, possessed, and give birth?
Mrs. Lin's fingertips trembled slightly, to face the young man with clear black eyes and an innocent smile and say such a cruel truth…She really couldn't say a word! Oh, my God! This boy has always thought he was an ordinary Beta, in his mind, he's going to marry a Beta girl in the future and have children! Instead he could be forcibly taken by a strange Alpha, forced to have a child! This subversion of his whole world would simply make Lin Yuan crash! In the end it was better to continue to deceive him, as long as he turns 20 and becomes a Beta everything will be okay….
“Mom, don’t get angry. Sis packed my luggage for me yesterday, school is opening soon I have to report to it as soon as possible.” The young man who knows nothing walked behind his mother's back and laughed, giving his mom a shoulder massage,” Three years will pass quickly and when I graduate, I can become a soldier. Each soldier of the Empire can be assigned to a House of their own in the primary planet constellation Cepheus. Then I can take Sis and you to live there…… ”
The young man's wishes caused the beautiful lady's nose to sour. Three years … I wish you could spend those three years in peace.
Mrs. Lin took a deep breath, looked back at Lin Yuan and said: “Well, I have no objection to you studying in military school, but you have to promise me two conditions." Seeing his mom finally relent, Lin Yuan immediately returned his hand, turned and sat in front of his mom and seriously asked "What conditions?"
Mrs. Lin said in a low voice: “After you enter the military Academy …… Stay as far away from those Alpha as possible." Lin Yuan was surprised for a moment, he thought his mother’s condition would be to earnestly, carefully study, don't get distracted by Beta girls or something, he didn’t think it would be such an inexplicable condition.
–Stay away from Alpha?
Lin Yuan scratched his head quizzically, “Why?”
Mrs. Lin was silent for a moment, then she said,” San Romia Military Academy, do you know how it is? ”
Lin Yuan looked at her in bewilderment: "I know it's the best military academy in our Empire." Mrs. Lin’s expression became more serious:” Not only that, Xiao Yuan…… Alpha are the best species of human, San Romia Military Academy is the best military academy of the empire, especially if you apply for the military section…… Many of our marshals and military commanders, even our current Majesty are San Romia Military Academy graduates, you know that?" Lin Yuan nodded.
Mrs. Lin said: “The people who are in the military command section, even the Beta are all powerful, not to mention the pureblooded Alpha. Many of them are the sons of Generals, descendants of the Royal family may even become your classmates. These types of people, you can't offend them….Do you know what I mean? ”
His mother rarely talked so seriously, so Lin Yuan listened carefully and quickly understood her concerns. Yes, he was just an ordinary child of a single parent family in a remote, barren planet. Being admitted to the military department of San Romia Military Academy was a great honor, so in school he must be low-key, so he can't offend anybody and cause trouble for himself!
Low-key life, understated work! Right! Lin Yuan smiled and earnestly said: “Mom, you can rest assured, I won't provoke them." Seeing her son make a firm commitment slightly relieved Mrs. Lin. She hesitated, took out a bottle and handed it to him. She whispered, “There’s this too, this is medicine Dr. Fornt made for you, take one every day. This is the second condition." Lin Yuan took the bottle and looked at it curiously, "What is it?"
Mrs. Lin cautiously said, “This medicine can help improve your physique, it's good for you. This bottle has a total of 365 pills, eat one every day, when you come back for the holidays I want to check. ”
-They're good? Improve my physique? Are they vitamins? Lin Yuan was puzzled, but still smiled, put away the bottle and said, “Ok, I know."
Mrs. Lin said gravely: “Xiao Yuan, I’m not joking with you! Dr. Fornt has taken care of you since you were young, he knows your body. Do you remember when you was eight years old and almost died? Your body is special, maybe a similar situation will happen again, this drug is good for you, you have to eat it every day, promise me again, don’t forget!”
Seeing his mom be so careful and thoughtful of the things that happened when he was eight, Lin Yuan put away his smile and nodded seriously,” Yes, I know, mom you can rest assured that I'll take it every day, it'll be just as important as lessons before bed. ”
Mrs. Lin's heart felt more relieved. Lin Yuan has always been an obedient boy, even from an early age. Since he made such a promise, of course he'll keep it. But still……her heart had a hint of unease.
Mrs. Lin took a deep breath, removed the confusion from her mind, and handed a platinum crystal card to Lin Yuan, “Take this card, the password is your birthday. This is a sum of money your father left behind, when you need money in school just brush this card. ”
Lin Yuan quickly shook his head:” No, give it to sis instead. San Romia has free tuition, room and board, and each month they give out living allowances…. ”
Mrs. Lin frowned and interrupted him: “Take it, this is something your dad left for you, you're away from home, you need money. I have a card for your sister, don’t worry." When faced with his mother's resolute attitude Lin Yuan had to accept it.
But he doesn't know, the father he had in mind, and the father Mrs. Lin talked about were not the same person.
***
As the first day of military school drew closer, Lin Yuan booked a spaceship ticket on the interstellar network. The large interstellar passenger ship Pearl No. 731, will be in Cigar galaxy's planet Oman on January 5th for an hour, the distance from Cigar galaxy's planet Rennes to planet Oman is 100 light-years. He needs to take a small spacecraft to planet Oman, a 10 hour trip.
Lin Yuan booked ticket was for January 4th, at 5 o’clock in the afternoon for a one way trip to Planet Oman. Mrs. Lin and Lin Yao personally dropped him off at Rennes' space station. Farewell atmospheres have always made people sad. Seeing his mom's red eyes, Lin Yuan also could not bear to leave her, he tightly hugged her and pretended to smile care freely.
“Mom, I will be back on the first holiday at the end of the school year! Also, I'll video call you often. I promise I won't forget you! Trust me, please! ”
Mrs. Lin was assured a bit. She gently held her son and sobbed:” Please take care of yourself. ”
Lin Yuan smiled and nodded "I will!"
He went to his sister's side,” Sis, please remember to feed Hobby on time! ”
Lin Yao forthrightly waved: “Don’t worry, I won’t starve it!”
"Then I leaving, goodbye guys!"
Looking at the time, Lin Yuan waved the two people goodbye and entered the security checkpoint. Interstellar voyages have very strict security, even within the same galaxy, all passengers and carry-on luggage must be carried along on an electronic conveyor belt, and scanned by a 360-degree omi-directional laser sweep. Each passenger and their pets must also undergo serological tests before boarding, so they don't spread infectious viruses. Lin Yuan’s luggage is very simple, only a few clothes, so he quickly passed the first hurdle. When the belt turned on to the second monitoring station, a serious, middle-aged man pricked Lin Yuan's finger with a needle. When he finished taking a blood sample, he gave Lin Yuan a cold look and said: “Take your pet out."
"Ha?” Lin Yuan stumbled, scratched his head,” Uncle…. Are you joking around? What pet? ”
The middle-aged man was expressionless, and presented a life like computer scan diagram of the inside of his luggage box for Lin Yuan to see—He saw several simple clothes and a snow-white small dog shrunk into the corner. The puppy was asleep and seemed to be having a sweet dream, his long fur was also twisted into a braid.
Lin Yuan: “……”
The middle-aged men urged: “Please take your pet out for the blood examinations, also, pets should not be placed inside of luggage, before boarding there needs to be a unified registration, go to the front to check the registration procedures."
"…… Oh. “Lin Yuan quickly opened his luggage and pulled the sleeping Hobby out. Hobby woke up in a daze, and cried out at the sudden prick of a needle, watched his master in tears. Lin Yuan felt helpless, he doesn't know how this little guy got into his box. He clearly remembers locking his luggage the day he packed it! Does he have to take the puppy to school now?
Lin Yuan immediately felt an approaching headache. There's no way the school allowed students to keep pets! However, his mother and sister had already left, the spacecraft was about to take off, and Lin Yuan couldn't leave small Hobby in the space station……
There was no other alternative. If the school didn't allow pets, he'd have to find someone to adopt it.
***
At 3 o’clock in the morning, the spacecraft arrived on planet Oman. Unlike the snow covered, barren, desolate planet Rennes, as the main star of Cigar Galaxy, Oman's environment was clearly much better, and the population was larger by several times, but it was still cold. The entire Cigar Galaxy is currently the coldest galaxy in the universe. It's not very suitable for human inhabitation, but because the galaxy had vast energy reserves that needed to be mined, it was gradually being populated.
This is Lin Yuan's first time on Oman planet, although he was curious, the Pearl interstellar spacecraft will arrive at 7 o’clock and it was 3 o'clock. It was not a good idea to roam around in a strange planet, so Lin Yuan just found a quiet corner to sit down, held Hobby in his arms and closed his eyes. Drowsiness hit, he had just fallen asleep when suddenly he heard a loud piercing scream, a terrible sound, like someone being choked. It immediately made people's heart feel a chill.
Lin Yuan was startled awake, he saw a group of guards quickly rush into a corner. Moments later, the guards walked back, they seemed to be carrying a person. Lin Yuan looked at them curiously, unexpectedly, in a gap between the security guards, he met a man’s eyes.
–It was a very good-looking man. The man was blond, skin white and his mouth was bitten and bloody. His body was quavering, he did not seem to have the strength to stand, and was half-dragged, half walking with the guards. His beautiful eyes were slightly red, filled with panic and helplessness. Faced with those eyes obviously seeking help, Lin Yuan's heart felt tight, like it was being squeezed.
“……” Lin Yuan wanted to stand up, only to see the group of guards marching the man aboard a station vehicle.
“That Omega was crazy! Instead of staying at home, he had the gall to sneak out then entered estrus in the middle of this space station! Shit! I was almost affected! ”
"Yes, it's good that the guards found him in a timely manner, or he’d be miserable! Whose family does that insensitive Omega belong to?”
Some adults were talking with evident mocking tones. Lin Yuan looked at the direction where the guards disappeared, gently shook his fingers with uneasiness.
Omega……Is that an Omega?
Lin Yuan only learned about Omega from the network, but he's never seen an Omega. Because all Omega are sent to a specially created Omega school at age 13, forced into marriage at 18, after marriage they almost never leave the house, only responsible for childbirth, so most people are rarely able to see Omega.
That Omega was really good-looking. Lin Yuan was a little confused, the smell of an Omega in estrus was very strange, it made him feel uneasy, there seemed to be something secretly budding in his heart. His body even had a subtle rising impulse.
When he became aware of his body’s response, Lin Yuan's ears redden little, and he tried to find a bathroom to wash his face with some cold water. But when he stood up, he found something even more shocking-Hobby? Oh, my God! Where did Hobby go?!
Chapter 4: The journey of the jumping chicken dog
Lin Yuan remembered holding Hobby to take a nap. He fell asleep for no longer than a minute then Hobby was gone, that little guy, where has he run off to?
Lin Yuan hurriedly looked around. Oman planet, after all, is the main star of Cigar galaxy, the space station is almost five times larger than his home planet Rennes' small space station. Just the passenger rest area alone is divided into eight regions, and each region is divided into smaller sections. There's a large constant flow of people in the space station, finding a lost puppy is easier said than done!
Lin Yuan walked from A District to H District, hoping to see a shadow of the missing Hobby in the vast sea of ​​people. All he found were domesticated pets at least four or five times larger than Hobby, not only large canine animals, there were wolves, tigers and even a big bear, the owner of which had a specific control rope held tightly in his hand.
While human evolution was progressing towards the separation of physiological sex into ABO, many animals were also producing variation, some ancient earth era mammals gradually became more docile, and were able to become friends and pets for humanity. Of course, some of the alien mammals in the outer galaxies became more ferocious and cruel after evolution, some even treat humans as food.
Hobby was only a small foolish dog running around in the space station, if he encountered his natural enemies, wouldn't he get really hurt?
Lin Yuan anxiously spun round and round. In desperation, he went to the space station help center to register Hobby’s appearance and characteristics in detail, and left its photos and his contact information. He could only hope that some good person could pick it up and send it there.
After registering the information, he returned to the C District, but what he found made him not know whether to laugh or cry- Little Hobby was sitting in the position where Lin Yuan previously sat, a pair of hairy claws clutching tightly to the handle of the trunk, very neatly helping to guard his owner's luggage. Its pair of bright eyes were watery like it was about to cry, as if his owner had abandoned him.
Lin Yuan: “… …”
When Lin Yuan approached the seat, the dog looked at him a moment, then immediately started wagging his tail, rushed over and bit Lin Yuan’s trousers, whining and crying.
Lin Yuan really wanted to give it a smack!
But one look at its grieving expression made him lose the heart to beat it.
He called the help center to cancel the search for the missing pet, turned back to his seat, picked up Hobby and gently touched it.
The little guy had just walked a little away, but he was too nervous and actually searched the entire rest area.
A passing little girl seemed to like the look of Hobby, couldn't help but approach and touch his head, curiously said: “Brother, is this your pet? What its name?
Lin Yuan said with a smile: “This is Hobby.”
The girl’s mother came over and whispered: “Sorry, my daughter is not very sensible. Honey, Gera hate it when people touch their heads. I hope you do not mind.” She said, then touched Hobby's ear, who was happy to rub her hand.
The woman smiled slightly and turned away with her daughter.
The little girl asked curiously: “Mom that was a Gera? How cute, I want one too!”
The woman said, “Well, Gera are a very expensive pet, just wanting one doesn't necessarily mean you can get one. Plus, their IQ can be compared to human beings, they can understand a lot of languages. I'll take you to the animal protection base to see one if you like. In the future when you see someone else's pet don't touch it without permission okay?
The girl was somewhat at a lost: “Oh, okay …..”
Lin Yuan was listening to their talk as it gradually faded away, finally he gave Hobby a complex look.
Hobby raised his chin and looked at Lin Yuan as if to say …
Stupid master, do you finally realize that I'm not a puppy?
Lin Yuan carefully looked at Hobby- two pure white paws, a pair of wide, long ears, it really looks like a lovely puppy. Lin Yuan starred at it, after a long while he asked: “Are you really some legendary species that can understand many biological languages …. a Gera?
Hobby silently turned his head, it seemed to be ignoring him.
“Little guy, can you understand me?” Lin Yuan excitedly twisted Hobby's head back, touched its ears, looked into its eyes and said, “If you can understand nod your head or else I'll drop you."
Hobby immediately nodded obediently.
“Do you hate it when people touch your head?” Lin Yuan asked curiosity, deliberately touching its soft head.
Hobby barked tearfully.
Lin Yuan laughed: “No wonder! My sister rubbed your head all day long, also twisted your hair into braids, it must've been very painful so you hid in my suitcase so you could go to school with me, right?”
Hobby immediately nodded its head, then rubbed up against Lin Yuan's palm.
Lin Yuan held it, suddenly feeling in a happy mood.
This high IQ pet is pretty good, while I was anxious to find it, it cleverly stayed in place to guard my luggage.
Two years ago, Lin Yuan picked up the little guy in front of the space station, it was shrunk into the snow, almost blending in. Lin Yuan who was passing by in the snow found it, afraid it would die of frostbite he took it home with him. He thought it was just an ordinary puppy, he did not expect it actually was a Gera: a highly evolved species from the Ophiuchus galaxy.
This creature was discovered five hundred years ago.
At that time the human species was only under the Lacey Empire, the humans traveled to Barnard planet in the Ophiuchus galaxy, there they accidentally discovered this small, cute looking species. It was shocking that this creature was able to understand the language of a large number of cosmic creatures – and that they were very friendly toward mankind.
Humans officially named this creature Gera, brought it back and studied it carefully. The first successfully developed batch of intelligent armor had partly taken inspiration from the advanced biological brain structure of the Gera.
However, since the establishment of the Strandian Federation regime, and the Federation and Lacey Empire officially entered into war, because the Ophiuchus galaxies were occupied by the Strandian Federation, the Ophiuchus galaxy’s highly intelligent Gera became less and less common in the Lacey Empire.
His Majesty, the Emperor of the Empire had really liked this clever pet. On one of the administrative stars of the Empire, located in the Cepheid galaxy, there is a scientific research institution dedicated to cultivating Gera. This rare pet was not often seen by regular civilians, so Lin Yuan had thought it was just an ordinary dog.
I don't know how awesome the past owner had to be to actually lose such a valuable pet in a space station…..
The thought of this made Lin Yuan worry, looking back at Hobby he asked: “Hobby, your previous master? Who was it? Do you want me to put your information in the Empire's Pet Networking center to find them?"
Hobby immediately shrunk his body in fear, desperately shook his head, his pair of long ears shaking enough to almost fall off.
Lin Yuan could not help laughing, touched its ear and said: “Well, Okay! I won't help you find your owner, it seems that they weren't so good to you, so you can follow me!"
Hobby happily rubbed itself against his palm.
Lin Yuan heart softened, couldn't help but pick up Hobby, and intimately touched his forehead to its face.
He suddenly felt that it wouldn't be so bad to have the smart guy around. In case the military school does not allow students to bring pets, Hobby was not an ordinary dog, maybe he could find a way to muddle through?
– Then if that fails…
They could only reluctantly part, hoping to find a good person to temporarily foster it.
***
At seven o’clock in the morning, the Pearl No. 731 interstellar passenger starship arrived at the Oman planet space station. Lin Yuan passed through the inspection, boarded a small airship to transport to the Pearl's boarding passengers compartment.
The size of the interstellar spacecraft is quite large, with a total of 20 passenger compartments, each compartment can accommodate nearly a thousand people, and the total carrying capacity was more than twenty thousand. The route was from the Cigar galaxy to the Milky Way Galaxy, then to the Big Bear Galaxy, stopping temporarily at ten different human inhabited stars.
Because it has to cross three large galaxies, there will be many space jumps and cosmic wormhole shuttles along the way, a full 13* days' worth of travel.
Lin Yuan found their cabin by following the writing on the magnetic boarding pass.
The small cabin in the spacecraft generally seats four, with four comfortable beds and four corresponding safety chairs. Usually people can lie in bed and rest, but during the space jumps, wormhole shuttles, takeoff and landing, you must sit in the safety chair as a security measure.
Lin Yuan walked into the cabin and saw a juvenile storing his luggage.
The juvenile was around his age, with naturally curly supple platinum blond hair, white skin, ruddy red lips, long and thick eyelashes which cast a faint shadow on his cheeks. Such facial features made him look particularly handsome and gentle, but his face had a very indifferent expression.
The other two beds were empty, since Oman planet was the starting point, obviously the two other seats had not been booked yet and could pick up passengers in other galaxies.
After tidying up his luggage, the cabin was quiet for a while, till Lin Yuan took the initiative to greet each other: “Hello, I'm Lin Yuan.
The teenager looked back at him, faintly replied: “Snow.”
Lin Yuan silently looked at him, quizzically asked: “Snow as in…Snow?
Snow nodded his head.
“Cool, that's a nice name!” It was an appropriate match for his cold and cheerless appearance.
Lin Yuan turned and sat down on the bed, graciously smiled at him and said: “I'm going to Bear Galaxy's Broken Military star to study, you?
Snow: “Me too.”
Lin Yuan was instantly happier: “You're also going to study there? I'm going to San Romia Military Academy, you?
Snow replied: “I am also.”
Lin Yuan was very excited, “What a coincidences ah! I didn't expect to meet an alumni! I'm a freshman, I'm starting this year!
Snow: “I am also.”
Lin Yuan: “… …”
Ok, I don't have to ask, you're also an ordinary Beta and live in Cigar galaxy.
– How odd, such a good-looking guy but he had obvious resistance to strangers.
Lin Yuan felt that his attitude was friendly enough, but this guy always looked stiff, as if he was not a Beta human, but a beast that could attack at any second.
You're not an Omega, I'm not an Alpha … … do you need to be so afraid of me?
Lin Yuan scratched his head and felt very confused.
Since Snow took out a small light computer and started watching a movie, Lin Yuan had to stop bothering him, instead, he teased little Hobby who was burrowed in his bosom.
Hobby who was probably sleepy, lying in Lin Yuan arms, let out a quiet yawn.
After an indeterminable amount of time, the cabin's photoelectric screen suddenly lit up. On it was a man who looked mild-tempered, he touched his long beard, smiled and said: “Dear travelers, I am Gill, captain of the Pearl No. 731 interstellar passenger spacecraft, the time is cosmic calendar year 799, January 5th, 11 am. Our spacecraft will soon take off, please sit down in the safety chair as soon as possible, passengers please also take care of your pets!”
Lin Yu quickly sat down in the safety chair, little Hobby tightly held in his arms. Soon, after the captain’s head on the screen disappeared, he felt a violent shock- apparently the Pearl spacecraft was taking off.
The shaking lasted for more than 10 minutes before the spacecraft finally stabilized.
The cabin's portholes tentatively opened fully, through the portholes the outside universe landscape could be seen.
Oman Planet – the planet that looked like a pure white snowball, was gradually turning into a small spot, slowly disappearing. The entire Cigar galaxy is like a white nebula cotton thread, rapidly retreating. The vast universe of twinkling stars, some distant unknown constellation was experiencing a meteor shower, becoming a piece of a silver thread, dotted with a brilliant cosmic canopy.
Lin Yuan could not help but exclaim: “So beautiful!"
Lin Yuan, who has never been out of his galaxy, accepts everything with curiosity. The young boy called Snow sitting opposite Lin Yuan, his face still very cold, slightly frowned when he heard him speak.
A moment later, the captain’s face appeared again on the screen. “Passengers, I’m glad to tell you that our spacecraft has left the Cigar galaxy and has successfully entered the cosmic waterway,” said Captain Gill, smiling, “We will arrive at Milky Way galaxy's Pluto at 8 pm tomorrow.”
“In the course of this voyage through the universe, wherever you need help, please do not hesitate to press the corresponding button by your bedside. Our intelligent robots will be responsible for your service! I hope you have a pleasant journey!"
The captain’s voice faded, then a messy gray ripple suddenly emerged on the photoelectric screen.
After a while, the screen's signal finally stabilized but there was a strange man’s face on the screen.
The man had long platinum blond hair, a very handsome neutral appearance, and a pure white uniform that set off his tall and slender stature. He bowed to the passengers politely, smiled and said: “Dear people of the Lacey Empire, I am very pleased to meet you … oh, of course, you should not be glad to see me."
The man paused, the curvature of his lips rose gently, then he said with regret: “Because I am Admiral Vladimir of the Strandian Federation. Seeing me at this moment, means that you have been hijacked.”
Lin Yuan: “………………”
====================================
Chapter 5: Hijacked Spacecraft
Following the end of the man’s sentence, the entire spacecraft suddenly plunged into a riot! Many small cabin doors flung open, as people panicked out of their cabins, and packed into the spacecraft’s public hall, nervously looking around and whispering. Lin Yuan's face also changed, he immediately held on to the fearfully shaking Hobby and went out into the main hall.
The spacecraft's hall was a mess and the passengers’ faces were filled with unrest.
The public hall had a large projection screen, the handsome looking young officer's smiling face was enlarged, at the moment to the eyes of everyone, he looked like the most terrible demon from the depths of hell!
Watching the man's gentle smile, Lin Yuan’s heart could not help fill with cold aversion.
– Vladimir!
– This pervert!
In order to apply for San Romia military academy, Lin Yuan could recite the entire empire's modern history from the heart.
In the hundreds of years of history of war between the Empire and Federation, there have been many well-known generals, Vladimir is the number one most hated enemy of the imperial armies!
As the youngest military strategist of the Strandian Federation, the one who the President of the Federation calls “My Devil General”, he is the best at these kinds of surprise attacks. His Legion of Wolves attack ability and perverted guerrilla warfare have caused heavy blows to the Imperial Corps again and again!
In history, he has only miscalculated once.
That was nineteen years ago, the great battle in which the general Ling Yu led the Imperial Night Corps to attack Nami star.
That year, following news from a mysterious source, Vladimir advanced with a full three legions of forces to the Issyville galaxy in order to surround and ambush the Night Corps, to annihilate them in one fell swoop… Fortunately, the ever cautious General Ling Yu arranged a stealth reconnaissance ship 10 light years outside of the star's domain, discovered his intention in time, and lead the Night Corps out of harm's way in a successful evacuation!
Vladimir, with a full three legions of troops stayed for a whole day, not to mention the annihilation of the Night Corps, not a hair of theirs was touched! Instead, Imperial reinforcements arrived to give them a surprise and disgraced them!
Lin Yuan watched the arrogant man smile through the big screen- he really wanted to drill into the screen and give him a punch!
This bastard! He actually took advantage of the defense loopholes near Cigar galaxy and hijacked the Empire's interstellar passenger spacecraft … … This despicable action is something only he can do!
Vladimir shrugged his shoulders, smiled and said, “You do not have to panic. I just want to talk to your Emperor about a few small conditions. I hope that His Majesty will see eye to eye or else I cannot guarantee your safety. ”
A white gloved hand gently waved, the entire spacecraft suddenly fell into darkness, under a strong electromagnetic interference, the spacecraft’s communications and power had been completely cut off!
Through the front porthole of the Pearl spacecraft, several clearly visible thin silver warships remained peacefully floating, all printed with clear wolf totems- A sign of the Wolf Legion. As long as Vladimir commands it, those warships would quickly breach the military defense network and reduce the vulnerable passenger spacecraft to debris!
The hall plunged into a brief silence, and then a variety of messy noises sounded.
There were curses at Vladimir, there were cries out of fear, there were some loved ones whispering trembling sounds of comfort.
Lin Yuan, face ugly, turned back into the cabin.
Standing by the side of the window to the outside stars, Snow’s face had become very pale, the gentle looking boy was tightly frowning, his cold face almost covered by a layer of ice!
…They've actually become hostages!
An entire passenger spacecraft, filled with thousands of Lacey Empire's innocent people, actually became the Federation General Vladimir's hostages!
Lin Yuan’s heart could not help but fill with a strong anger!
The man who was hated by thousands of people in the Empire, was in a place where his eyes could see, arrogantly prancing around in a sliver-white wolf command ship!
And he was powerless, only able to anxiously wait, like a lamb waiting for the imperial army to rescue him. He is only a not capable of resistance military school student, in this case he can only do nothing!
Lin Yuan tightly clenched his fist, his heart suddenly began to beat violently as he looked at the smiling man on the screen. His mind rose an inexplicably strong desire to defeat him! To kill him!
If at the moment he was the general of his own army, he'd use any means to kill the bastard!
Some kind of extreme hatred that seems to be inherited from blood, caused Lin Yuan to suddenly lose control for a moment.
Snow looked surprised at Lin Yuan, the sunny bright smiling juvenile, at the moment, was like erected barbs, claws out like a small tiger, eyes wide open staring at the front of the screen, as if he was ready to rush in and attack.
… This guy is a bit too excited.
This screen was just a realistic projection, wanting to kill the man in the screen was simply impossible.
The spacecraft’s communication line had obviously been forcibly interfered with, they simply cannot send any help signals to the empire. Vladimir may be currently negotiating with His Majesty, the outcome of the negotiations related to the survival of the tens of thousands of people on the spacecraft.
They waited for a long time, losing track of time to the point where time seemed to become static, every second had become increasingly long.
For many people on the spacecraft, this is their first time so close to the face of death, the initial loud curses and cries of fear, as time went on, gradually subsided down.
Lin Yuan finally restored his reason, frustrated, he sat back on the bed, stroking the trembling Hobby over and over again.
After a moment of quiet, Lin Yuan suddenly looked to Snow, smiled and said: “Cough, Snow, we should chat about something. In case the Pearl becomes cannon fodder, and we die, it seems a bit self-fulling to be as quiet as the dead."
…… Yes, so silently waiting, maybe the general's threat really will come true and they'll die here. If that's the case, before dying it's better to make a friend, wouldn't that make being buried in the universe slightly better?
But … there are so many things waiting for him to do…
Snow tightly clenched his fist, took a deep breath to adjust his mood, and looked at the pair of big black eyes belonging to the juvenile, softly said: “What do you want to talk about?
Lin Yuan scratched his head and said, “Which section did you apply for in San Romia?"
“The Medical section."
“Oh, you have a gentle look to you… it's suitable for being a doctor.”
“My father is a doctor,” Snow said.
Lin Yuan was silent for a second, somewhat lost in his mind: “My father …… I don't know who he is, I've never seen him. My mother said that when I was born he died on the battlefield. There are no photos at home, I don't even know what he looked like."
Snow looked at the lost look on the face of the lively young boy, his heart softened, he could not help but softly comfort him, “Don't be sad."
Lin Yuan scratched his head, at a loss for words.
Father……
For him, it was a very unfamiliar word. Since he could remember, his family only had a mother and a sister, those two people. Although his mother always told him that his dad died in a battle, Lin Yuan constantly felt it wasn't quite right. In his dream at the blue sea planet, that man always gently touched his head and called him son, the sound of his voice was very gentle.
“Son, you will be a normal, happy, Beta … …”
– Was it just a dream? Or real memories from his youth?
– Who was that man? What does being a Beta mean? Wasn't dad a Beta?
Lin Yuan felt a little cranky, he still couldn't understand.
Snow suddenly said: “It’s been an hour.”
Lin Yuan recovered, looked at the time: “Ah, I don't know what that pervert is talking to His Majesty about for so long…”
Regardless of the content of the negotiations, this provocative hostage situation will cause His Majesty to not directly agree so easily. From Lin Yuan’s perspective, His Majesty would think of ways to hold Vladimir, and then send a nearby Imperial Army for emergency rescue.
However, the Cigar galaxy is the most desolate galaxy, only the legions responsible for overseeing the mining of minerals are close enough, and those corps' combat capabilities are not on the level of Vladimir's Wolf Legion, a rescue mission would be equal to a suicide mission.
Vladimir would not have the patience to wait while other large forces arrive, if he gets impatient, directly destroying the Pearl was very likely….. Seeing the time drag on longer and longer, with no movement from the Empire, Lin Yuan cannot help but become anxious: What's going on in the Empire? Is it alright to sit so still?
– Suddenly, a dazzling light flashed in the window!
The Wolf Legion's left rear position unexpectedly showed some signs of space tearing!
With a wave of powerful fluctuations, enough force to shake the entire universe, three pure black micro-warships suddenly appeared at the rear of the Wolf Legion, unhesitatingly directly opened fire!
Boom boom!!
Three light bombs shot out at the same time, a dazzling tail of photoelasticity exceeding the speed of light, shot across the dark sky, and directly destroyed the Wolf army's left wing warships!
–boom!
A barrage of explosions, three small warships of the Wolf Legion exploded, large tracts of fireballs soaring up into the sky, in the silence of the universe, bursts of lights like bright and dazzling fireworks suddenly appeared!
With the explosion as a welcoming gift, thousands of pure black warships neatly arrived from the torn universe wormhole, surrounding the Wolf Legion in the fastest speed.
Pure black warships suspended in the universe, almost blending in to the vast universe, only the red lights dotting the warships can be seen, like predators staring at prey in the darkness!
A black warship, like a cool hunter, slowly approaches the Wolf Legion!
In the center of numerous red lights, a huge pure black galactic army warship calmly steadied in place. The appearance of the mother ship in the distribution of dark red lights, in that moment, almost overshadowed all the starlight in the universe!
– The Glory Corps!
– The Empire's Glory Legion!
– The undefeated Rosen Marshal's personal Glory Corps!
The spacecraft almost simultaneously erupted into cheers!
“Oh my God, it's Marshal Rosen!”
“Marshal Rosen! He came to the rescue! We have hope … no, we're definitely saved!”
“Marshal Rosen … it's really him! He really came …”
Some passenger excitedly cried out, clutching the cross on his neck, and whispered Rosen's name over and over again.
Rosen Bessemer.
The youngest army commander in the history of the empire.
A 573th San Romia Military Academy, Military Command Department graduate with excellent grades in all courses. He rose to Colonel in three years, within six years became supreme General, then fifteen years later, he took over as Marshal from the hands of the former. The most powerful commander in the entire armed forces!
As long as he was here, he would never give up an inch of the empire's territory, or any of the empire's people!
If it's said that General Vladimir is the military genius of the Strandian federation, then Marshal Rosen is the proud Lacey Empire's undefeated God of War!
Chapter 6: The Undefeated God of War
“… It's Marshal Rosen!”
When Lin Yuan saw the warship come to rescue, he immediately excitedly jumped up from the bed, “Snow, fast look! It's the Glory regiment! The Empire's Glory Corps! Marshal Rosen has always been my most admired idol! He's actually here! “
Seeing Lin Yuan's excited, bright-eyed look, Snow couldn't help but turn to look out the window, the black warship's sparkling sun sign, it really is the unique symbol of the Empire's Glory Corps.
Snow's pale face slightly eased a bit, he gently unclasped his tightly held fists and whispered: “Sure enough, it's him!"
The appearance of the Legion of Glory meant that the stalemate situation almost instantaneously changed!
Troops jumped out from the universe wormhole, as soon as they arrived they directly bombarded the three warships of the Wolf Army. Such a grand meeting ceremony, Vladimir couldn't help but slightly narrow his eyes.
The Wolf Army's communication device in the command cabin suddenly issued a mechanized tone: “General, the front has received a communication request from an unknown source, the password is RAWSON, with a request to connect to the conductor for a video call, do you agree?"
Vladimir's lips slightly rose, “Agreed, turn it on.
– RAWSON, Rosen Bessemer, it really is that annoying guy!
The video call connected the command cabins of the two corps, simultaneously, the two corps appeared on each other's holographic projection screen. They saw each other's close to realistic and delicate faces.
Rosen’s appearance is undoubtedly handsome, unlike Vladimir who had soft facial lines, Rosen’s face was a clear angle, facial features as if carved be a knife, the righteousness of the military reflected vividly in his body's posture!
A pure black dress uniform, a glittering gold Venus symbol on the shoulder, representing his noble identity in Lacey Empire's military that no one can replace!
He still looked young, although he has been on the battlefield for many years, a calm expression like a frozen winter lake, a cold without temperature appearance, he was looking ahead, and giving off a feeling cold enough to freeze. Vladimir looked at the familiar face, couldn't help but smile a bit, calmly said: “Oh…my dear Rosen, we met again … … although, the last person I wanted to see was you."
Rosen faintly replied: “We're in sync.”
The two men looked at each other for a moment, Rosen finally said: “Vladimir, please take your Wolf Army and immediately retreat, I don't want a war with you here!"
Vladimir smiled and said: “But the Pearl is in my control, I can blow it to pieces any time I want?”
Rosen said coldly: “I can blow you to pieces anytime I want!”
Vladimir helplessly shrugged: “This really is a difficult situation for me.”
Rosen looked at him again, calmly said: “I have sent people to the Issyville cosmic wormhole exit on standby, your reinforcements simply cannot get here, you only have one choice- retreat!"
Vladimir was silenced, no wonder updates from the back-up force suddenly stooped, the reason was because Rosen sent troops to the wormhole exit, but … … that exit was a closely guarded secret, how did he know?
Their strengths are not that far from each other, if there's a direct war that is, but to also make sure that the passenger spacecraft doesn't escape…. Vladimir quickly calmed down, then he simply raised his hand toward his deputy commander and made a retreat gesture.
The Wolf Army received the retreat command, the scattered formation quickly assembled, then, with the fastest speed, gathered to the opposite direction for withdrawal, decisively leaving like a white whirlwind!
“Rosen, we haven't seen each other for more than a decade, right?”
In the command cabin, Vladimir still looked leisurely toward Rosen, smiled and said, “That battle nineteen years ago was really unforgettable. That wise Ling Yu generals, it's so difficult to imagine, was actually an Omega … …"
“As his old enemy, please leave a quick hello from me to his tombstone."
Vladimir gave a gentleman's bow to Rosen, smiled and cut off the call. The moment the call ended, Rosen's previously calm face immediately distorted in pain.
Ah……
Vladimir smiled happily.
Undefeated God.
Unfortunately, the so-called invincible God of War, since nineteen years ago, had a weakness.
A weak man is actually very pitiful, one day, his Achilles heel will be his death!
Vladimir looked at the direction of the Glory Corps, his smiling eyes suddenly flashed a trace of a cold, sharp light.
****
With the end of the call, from outside of the porthole, the entire Wolf Army could be seen disappearing into space, like being sucked into a huge whirlpool. It is clear that they had directly carried out a space jump, the retreat was decisively clean, leaving without a trace.
An adjutant suddenly whispered: “Marshal … … should we pursue?"
“…No.”
Rosen just waved, took a deep breath to stable his mood, and then whispered a command toward the communicator port: “Help me connect to the Pearl No. 731 spacecraft."
“Marshal!” The shaped like a pale golden sun intelligent communication device began to quickly rotate, a moment later, a pleasant voice issued, “Report Marshal, communication connection was successful!"
– In the Pearl No. 731 spacecraft, in all the small cabins, public halls, and even in the bathrooms and the restaurants a handsome calm and silent face appeared on the video screens.
The man was calm and composed, as if he had no concerns on his chest, as if the whole universe was in his control!
The man's eyes stared quietly into the screen, then he whispered: “Ladies and gentlemen, I am Rosen."
“Marshal Rosen!”
“God! Marshal!”
“The Strandian bastards finally left!”
“Marshal Rosen, I knew we would be saved!”
The hour of waiting for a possible death sentence finally ended, as if they were students at a football game, the entire spacecraft erupted in crazy cheers, some relatives and friends even hugged each other and wept with joy!
Rosen’s expression was still calm, there was no trace of waves, he slightly nodded towards the Empire's people and said: “Please rest assured. I will send the troops from the Glory Corps to escort you until you reach your destination. Today, Vladimir took advantage of a loophole and intercepted this interstellar passenger spacecraft. This happened because of a dereliction of the Imperial Army's duties- I promise that this kind of thing will never happen again!"The sound of the man’s low-pitched voice is clearly heard around the spacecraft, it was a resounding voice and every word was convincing.
The stone in the hearts of the passengers finally fell, their uneasiness finally dispersed, their faces even exposed relieved smiles- Marshal Rosen's troops will escort us, there will be no more problems for sure!
Rosen paused, continued, “The spacecraft's electromagnetic wave interference has been cleared and can now sail normally. I will return control to Captain Gill."
Gill who was called by name clamored with excitement, he gave a standard salute to Rosen: “Yes! Marshal!”
The screens gently flickered, and the man’s image finally disappeared completely. The people on the spacecraft were still immersed in excitement from meeting Rosen Marshal!
Marshal Rosen looked really young.
What the passengers did not know was that the calm and composed nature of the man was born from years of countless battles, and for him, the past nineteen years felt like a lifetime.
Nineteen years…
Ling Yu
The thought of his name made his heart feel like it was forcefully grabbed and squeezed, the pain almost made his spasm!
****
Nineteen years ago, the outer rim of Issyville Galaxy.
A regiment of large command ships and hundreds of small warships were quietly approaching the direction of Issyville galaxy. The dark blue warships were printed with silver-white crescent shaped markings, which in the Lacey Empire was the symbol of the most powerful corps- the Night Corps.
In the command cabin, a handsome young officer was sitting stiffly in the command chair, his dark blue uniform, a symbol of the Night Corp's, was torn apart by slender fingers, his undershirt was sweat soaked, exposing a white chest that was slightly red from growing lust.
“Ah……”
In the depths of his heart, a beast driven by lust was clawing out of its cage, releasing waves of desire through every pore of his body. His skin was tight with anticipation of being touched, his body felt empty to the extreme, he wanted to be hugged, be occupied, be mercilessly entered into … … this crazy desire almost made him collapse!
Damn! Why does the inhibitor have to fail at this time?
Ling Yu forced himself to endure the trembling, he shoved his fist into his mouth in a vain attempt to block all sound from coming out.
“Generals reporting, this is the A31 reconnaissance ship, the Strandian federal enemy are 9.9 light years away from our army, the number of enemy troops is equal to three regiments! Please give us instructions!"
Ling Yu's fingers stiffly open the dedicated command call channel, his voice slight trembling: “All the warship prepare….for retreat….within three minutes!"
After he issued the shaky instructions, the man’s body finally lost all ability to support itself and slipped onto the cold ground.
Forcefully biting his fist, his teeth cut into the flesh of his hands, the flowing blood and the sharp pain finally brought back a trace of reason. He took a deep breath, then opened the necklace worn around his neck, whispered: “Suzaku ……”
From the space hub, the intelligent armor Suzaku immediately scanned the physical condition of Ling Yu again, softly said: “Master, your body's Omega pheromone has reached the peak, the inhibitor has failed, and you must now … …”
“… Don't say it.” Ling Yu frowned, “Immediately change the sailing route, let the Night Corps go directly to the Issyville cosmic wormhole, and call in Adjutant Knox.”
Suzaku was silent for a moment, hung his head and said, “Yes, master."
After a moment, a puzzled Adjutant Knox opened the cabin to see such a messy picture - The man was lying on the ground, the original neat and majestic uniforms was torn open, revealing a white chest. The man was fiercely biting his fist, his eyes were red, and his chest was moving up and down with heavy breaths.
Knox’s face suddenly stiffened.
The entire command capsule was filled with a rich, sweet, atmosphere that regularly drived people crazy. It was the atmosphere of an Omega - an Omega's physiological unique flavor!
“General, you …”
“Knox, I don't have time to explain to you …” Ling Yu interrupted his question, whispered, “Listen, we are likely to suffer an ambush from the federal enemy, you must immediately contact Admiral Rosen in headquarters, ask for support … I now give you command over the Night Corps. Lead our brothers towards escape, do not let me down."
Ling Yu's slightly trembling voice revealed a touch of attractive huskiness, but Knox is a Beta and cannot be affected by Omega pheromones, in an emergency he can keep his military trained reason.
When Knox heard Ling Yu's commands, he immediately respectfully replied: “Yes! General!”
There were many Alpha gathering outside the command cabin after smelling an Omega's unique pheromone. Knox quickly turned and locked the command cabin, then, with the fastest speed, he connected to the Empire's online headquarters.
“… General, this is the vanguard of the Night Corps! Our army located outside the Issyville galaxy suffered an ambush from the Strandian enemy! We send an urgent request to headquarters for support!"
Rosen frowned: “Ling Yu?”
“…” Knox couldn't react, he had no choice but to transfer the video communicator's lens to the inside of the command cabin.
In a corner shrunk into a ball, Ling Yu's constantly trembling figure was projected to Rosen on the holographic projection screen. The man’s lower lip was bitten by a row of bright teeth, the edge of his lips were soaked with clear blood, his white skin was infected with a layer of flush, his black hair was soaked in sweat.
Rosen’s heartbeat stagnated!
… This is … … Omega … … estrus?
The man who was with him for years in San Romia Military Academy, who stayed in the same dormitory with him, his close friend, and the man he secretly had a crush on … … was actually……
That moment of shock almost made Rosen lose his mind!
Rosen forced himself to return his thoughts, immediately frowned and ordered: “Knox, listen! I will send the Glory Corps to intercept the Strandian enemy from the rear to give you more time! You must replace Ling Yu and command the entire vanguard, guide all warships into the cosmic wormhole immediately and land on the nearest planet in Cigar galaxy, Rennes!"
Knox respectfully gave a standard military salute: “Yes! General!”
“And,” Rosen looked deeply at the man curled up in the corner, trembling with the onset of estrus, calmly said, “Knock him out."
“…” Knox froze in place.
Rosen snapped: “This a military order! Stun him!"
“Yes! General!”
Rosen still remembered when he led the Glory Corps to confront Vladimir, then quickly traveled to planet Rennes with three consecutive space jumps. The scene when he arrived at the military command headquarters of Rennes was unforgettable.
Because an Omega's pheromone in estrus was too strong, Ling Yu was afraid his pheromone spreading throughout the command center would lead the Alpha to irrationality, so as soon as he woke up he'd ordered Knox to put himself into the interrogation cells for the military's top- criminals!
This top-secret cell was almost completely sealed, only a small vent to provide oxygen was present, even if the smell of the pheromone was strong, it would never spread to the outside world.
In the dark closed cell, nothing could be seen, no sound could be heard, no smell could come in … …in the frightening silence, the passage of time could not be felt, the mental torture could made people easily collapse. Destroying a human's psychological defense then interrogating them can achieve unexpected results!
– Ling Yu actually put himself into the military's secret criminal interrogation cell?!
Rosen looked at the cell monitor. The man had trapped himself into a corner, he apparently had reached the brink of collapse.
He was like a mad beast, forcefully tearing off his clothes, his dark blue uniform had been torn into rags-his shirt messily torn, his military issued trousers hanging off his body, his slender legs partly exposed. The half-naked man was using his fingers to crazily scratch himself, his once white skin was being stained with glaring blood!
“No, you cannot leave him alone!”
Rosen finally couldn't take anymore, he started towards the cell.
Knox hastened to keep up with him, “General! General Ling Yu told me not to let any Alpha near him! He said he could hold on, I beg you to follow his wishes!”
Knox’s eyes were very firm, this was the last command before the General put himself into prison!
Unlike Knox, who was not influenced by pheromones, Rosen was a pureblooded Alpha. Once he went into the cell, he would definitely be affected by Ling Yu's Omega essence! This is the nature between Alphas and Omegas, the powerful attraction is impossible to control!
The serious-faced Knox stubbornly stood in front of Rosen.
Rosen stopped, calmly looked at Knox, whispered: “If an Omega is allowed to face estrus alone, he will go crazy enough to hurt himself, estrus lasts a minimum of three days, do you think he can hold on for that long?"
“…”
“After three days, you will not see Ling Yu Generals, but a completely broken madman!”
Knox froze a moment, apprehensively said: “But, but the general told me to stop anyone from entering, including, including you … …”
“Major Knox, I am Ling Yu's superior, I have the right to change his orders! Now, I order you to let me into the cell, I will take responsibility for all consequences,” snapped Rosen.
“… Yes, General!”
In the darkness of the military underground prison, the cell door was slowly opened.
Rosen walked into the cell and immediately closed the door behind him.
Ling Yu who was shrunk into the corner, smelled the strong scent of an Alpha, alertly erected his ears, tightly folded his fist and stiffly asked: “Who's there?”
Rosen took a step forward, gently held onto Ling Yu's bloody palm, whispered: “It's me.
The lights hanging on the wall suddenly lit up, the warm yellow light illuminated the entire cell, and a handsome face gradually became clearer in the new light.
Ling Yu froze a moment, “… … Rosen?”
The strong atmosphere of an Alpha quickly surrounded him, the warm feeling made people feel like indulging. The smell of the man's body caused Ling Yu to instinctively want to get closer……
Ling Yu's body suddenly stiffed, he stretched out his hand to push Rosen away. However an Omega's nature is to desire an Alpha, while the man was holding his wrist, Ling Yu almost instantly lost the ability to resist!
“… … Rosen … … you should not be here … …” Ling Yu's trembling voice revealed a trace of deep uneasiness, “You, you should quickly leave … … do not, don't care about me … …”
“How can I ignore you?” Rosen whispered, gently touching Ling Yu's sweat soaked black hair, “Estrus is natural for an Omega, strongly resisting it will only drive you crazy. You won't survive intact."
Watching the violently trembling Ling Yu, smelling his strong Omega pheromone, the always strongly self-controlled Rosen could no longer control his physical and psychological desire for the man in front of him.
Rosen breathlessly unbuttoned his uniform, revealing a large slice of a honey-colored vigorous chest.
Ling Yu placed his hand on the man’s chest to push him away, but the touch of the other’s warm chest, and his body's deep clamor for desire, made Ling Yu no longer have to heart to push him away, instead he slightly looked forward to his touch. The other's close proximity caused a thrill to run down his spine, he moved his hand to tightly clutch at Rosen's collar.
The two stalled for a moment, Rosen finally stretched out his powerful arms, gently picked up the shivering man, and said in a low calm voice, even showing a rare trace of gentleness –
“I’ll help you, Ling Yu.”
Chapter 7: Nineteen years ago in the top secret cell
Ling Yu shrunk into Rosen's arms violently trembling, his warm breath spread on his neck like a powerful aphrodisiac.
I want to embrace him, occupy him, completely mark him, fully occupy his thoughts!
The natural strong possessiveness of an Alpha, plus ten years' worth of a strong crush, when they finally had a chance to vent, the walls of reason came crashing down.
Rosen's deep eyes suddenly filled with frantic flames.
He quickly tore of their clothes, sat down with his back to the wall and sat Ling Yu on his body. Rosen did not hesitate to cover his mouth with a kiss.
"Ah…."
Ling Yu's bloody bitten lips swelled slightly, the smell of the sweet blood made Rosen more excited.
Holding him, feeling his slightly trembling figure, his heart suddenly filled with an intense satisfaction. Rosen's kiss became more feverish!
He kissed Ling Yu's neck all the way down, inch by inch licking the drying bloodstains. Ling Yu's blood seemed to have a kind of addictive taste, Rosen felt distressed just thinking about Ling Yu torturing and beating his own body.
Ling Yu trembled and gripped Rosen's shoulder.
Having his body kissed frantically, his bloodstains being gently licked, this feeling was slightly disturbing-like his whole body was about to be consumed.
However, the psychological uneasiness and resistance, was soon replaced by instinctive physical desire.
Every inch of his skin had become sensitive, under Rosen's intense licking and kissing, a strong pleasure had crawled along his nerves, like a current traveling all over his body. It entered his mind and quickly wiped out the last remnants of reason.
"Ah…ah…"
A broken moan escaped his lips.
He couldn't believe such a dull and seduction sound could come out of his mouth!
Since the sudden failure of the inhibitor in Issyville galaxy, to the retreat to Cigar galaxy, Ling Yu had been forced to endure the on slot of estrus for too long. When Rosen appeared, Ling Yu's psychological defenses finally collapsed, his body was purely driven by instinct!
The taste of his body, his heavy breathing, his crazy kisses….at that moment Ling Yu was like a man lost in a desert who finally found a clear oasis. He was eager to be kissed, be hugged, be occupied and fiercely forced into! He was eager to complete the perfect combination between Alphas and Omegas.
Ling Yu had long lost reason, eyes slightly red, his mouth loudly breathing. Sitting on Rosen's body, he stretched out his arms and tightly clung to the man's strong back….
Rosen suddenly stiffened - to finally get a welcoming response, he was about to lose his mind!
Ling Yu's legs separated and wrapped around Rosen's waist. Rosen did not hesitate to insert his fingers into that little hole- as if it was long awaiting the intrusion, his walls almost instantly wrapped around his fingers.
Because of the rise in temperature during estrus, the inside was warm enough to melt!
Rosen was afraid to injure him, so he patiently paid close attention to expansion, then he took out his fingers and quickly aimed his painfully aching member to the entrance and pushed in!
"Whaa?!"
Ling Yu let out a short scream, a tempting, seductive sound. The result of extreme pain mixed with the most intense pleasure. His hands forcefully clenched on Rosen's muscles, the strong pain brought back a trace of reason, but the more intense pleasure sucked him in.
“Ah … … Rosen … … ah … … ah … …”
The in-depth confrontation between body members gave Ling Yu the feeling of having his internal organs broken. His mouth issued constant moans, the strong pleasure made Ling Yu could not help but stretch out his neck, his mouth emitting big gasps for breath.
His neck was white and slender, in the warm yellow light it was almost beautiful enough to be a crime.
Rosen suddenly stretched his head towards Ling Yu's neck, leaving a bunch of ambiguous red marks on it, leaving hot kisses on his collarbone then travelling up towards his neck.
“…”
A strange sense of uneasiness let the Ling Yu could not help but curl up his body, at this time, Rosen’s teeth suddenly bit into the soft skin on his neck!
The bitten neck let out a trace of sweet blood. Rosen increase the force of the bite, his teeth directly biting in the blood vessels, until the skin was marked with a deep scar that could not be erased.
–Alpha mark!
When an Alpha punctures the blood vessels of an Omega's neck, combining their teeth, blood and body fluids- this was the ceremony for an Alpha to mark their Omega. Afterwards, the Omega’s body would be marked with the breath of the marker, so that other Alpha could tell that that was someone they could not get close too.
Rosen's crazy eyes float a touch of satisfaction, his fiercely pumping waist still did not pause. He clung to to Ling Yu, constantly kissing Ling Yu's bitten lips.
“… …” Ling Yu was speechless.
His body felt full, so it instinctively relaxed and clung to the man in front of him. Clamped onto Rosen's waist, Ling Yu took the initiative to kiss him.
Such a move immediately got a warm and enthusiastic response from Rosen.
“Ah … ahn … well …”
The constant in and out pumping, the mixed rapid breathing- in the closed cell the sounds were continually echoing up……
After an unknown amount of time, in a round of impact, the hard object buried in his body suddenly rose. When Ling Yu became aware of what was happening, he immediately open his shocked eyes.
“… No … … Rosen … … not inside … …”
In a brief restoration of sanity, Ling Yu suddenly began to restlessly struggle, however, an Alpha knot hooks itself deep into the body, it was impossible to escape!
The knot stuck in his body suddenly twitched, hot liquid poured straight into the deepest parts of his body! There was a secret passage that seemed to completely open, the sudden pleasure caused his toes to curl up!
“Rosen!” Ling Yu flushed in anger, he did not like this kind of "caught fish" situation.
“Don't be afraid, don't move around too much… …” Rosen kissed his face over and over again, stretched out his hand and gently stroked the mark on his neck. While he comforted him, he twisted his tightly controlled waist, and continued the lasting period of ejaculation.
That’s … an Alpha’s knot…
Ling Yu closed his eyes, his eyelashes began to tremble fiercely.
An Alpha’s knot has a chance to rise during climax, when stuck in an Omega's body, there will be a long period of continuous ejaculation, and hot sperm will fill the depths of the Omega's body, increasing the chances of conception.
– That's a full mark.
Biting the blood vessels in the neck was just a formal mark.
Ejaculating deep into the passage of their Omega's body, that was the complete mark.
When an Omega was completely marked by his Alpha, they would develop a strong sense of dependence on their Alpha, and the Alpha will also have a strong desire to protect their Omega.
They would be bound together – they belonged to each other, loyal to each other until death!
During the long ejaculation, the body would be completely filled with semen, the abdomen would even slightly drum up. That kind of hot filled feeling caused Ling Yu's body to continuously spasm.
Rosen clasped him tightly and kissed him over and over again. Eyelids, nose, lips, neck, collarbone … … light feather like kisses, like a declaration of possession, constantly printing on Ling Yu's body.
Until the ejaculation was completely over, Rosen withdrew from Ling Yu's body, a lot of liquid flowed out with his exit, slowly flowing out along his thigh, the whole cell was completely filled with this smell.
With the end of the Alpha's ejaculation, the Omega’s first round of estrus finally comes to an end. Ling Yu gradually restored some of his the sanity, his eyes flashed a trace of imperceptible anger.
“Rosen, how did you come here? Didn't I tell Knox to stop you?”
His voice was very calm, just as he had been on that day when he looked at him calmly and said “Hello, my name is Ling Yu. After today we're roommates, I hope that we can get along well for the next three years.”
The ordinary Beta boy from a poor galaxy, with such a serious tone, caused Rosen to feel a little mirthful, he'd looked at him lightly and said: “Oh, hello, I'm Rosen."
At the moment, that same man was wrapped in his arms, looking at himself, the after climax flush still lingering on his face, his mouth swollen from kisses, yet his pair of dark, bright eyes, were calm to the degree of unfeeling.
– This arrogant guy, after so many years, his temper has not change.
Rosen’s lips raised into a smile, his low voice had a deep indulgent taste: “Did you forget? I'm your boss, I can change your military orders at any time. This is your first estrus, it's impossible for you to survive it by will alone ……"
Rosen paused, leaned over to Ling Yu's ear, kissed his ear gently and whispered: “I will not let you hurt yourself.”
“… …” Ling Yu turned his head to ignore him.
This simple movement outlined his proud jaw line.
That defiant expression was more stimulating to Rosen, his heart rose a strong desire to possess. Rosen restrained his overwhelming impulse, whispered: "The first round of your estrus is over, but we still have three more days. We'll discuss things later, the most important thing is your body … … we need to add more strength."
Rosen opened a nutrient solution pack, drank it, then kissed Ling Yu- lifted his chin, pried open his teeth and fed the nutrient solution to him.
After feeding him, he also wrapped his tongue around Ling Yu's soft tongue, gently sucking it.
“Ah … um…”
Rosen’s kiss was very gentle, the deep kiss lasted for a long time. When he was satisfied he backed out from Ling Yu's mouth, whispered: “First take a break, you tortured yourself before, consuming too much energy. When you've recovered, we can continue."
“…"
Aware of the strong reaction of his body, Ling Yu finally helplessly hugged the man in front of him, gently closed his eyes.
*****
Rosen could never forget those three days.
In that closed prison room, he spent three sweet intense days with Ling Yu.
Ling Yu's instinct was suppressed by the drugs for too long, when it suddenly broke out, the onset of estrus was particularly violent. Rosen did not know how many times held him, or the countless times he entered his body … … how many times. Ling Yu was in a trance clinging to Rosen's shoulder, peaceful in his arms, his face affixed to his chest, directly falling asleep whenever he was tired.
– That gesture was the warmest part of Rosen's memory for many years.
His favorite man was asleep in his arms, his slender and beautiful body full of traces of love.
In that absolutely closed cell, they hugged tightly and completed the complete mark between Alphas and Omegas. Their body, their souls, at that moment finally completely belonged to each other.
Rosen felt that it was the happiest moment of his life.
Three days later, Rosen took Ling Yu out from the secret cell.
Because he was completely marked, Ling Yu's Omega smell was unable to affect the Alpha in his army. The Night Corps' subordinates stood in place with complex looks, watching their most respected general who was unable to hold up his own body, and was held up by Admiral Rosen into the military hospital.
Ling Yu, because of long-term injection of inhibitors, developed a high fever. The high fever repeated for a whole week, Rosen was unable to stay by his side.
A month later, the military court ruled over the “military accident”.
An Omega injected themselves with inhibitors for years, not only did he mix into the San Romia Military Academy for three years, after graduation he achieved high ranks of success, and even had their own independent army.
In the battle in which the Night Corps attacked Nami star, the Omega's illegally injected inhibitors actually failed and he suddenly entered estrus on the battlefield. This was simply a display of contempt and insult for the military's rules!
Ling Yu's various practices were contrary to countless imperial laws and regulations!
Military court decision -
Ling Yu was expelled from the military, the Night Corps were dissolved, and Ling Yu's dedicated machine armor, Suzaku, was sealed!
Ling Yu was also sentenced to life imprisonment!
The result of this judgment was sealed by the military and became one of the highest guarded secrets of the military.
That year, many people involved in the trial could not forget- the young officer was escorted from the military court, his back thin, and his lips cold with a proud smile.
– Life imprisonment.
This was the result of his bloodshed for the army for so many years.
Just because he was an Omega.
Because he was an Omega, he had the ability to have high fertility, from when he was born he had to be registered to the so-called “Omega Conservation Association”. From small to large he had to be monitored by the government. Under direct house control, when he turned 18 years old he'd be given in marriage to an Alpha, then go home to a lifetime of birthing children for that person……
Because of the gender imbalance between the ABO, in order to facilitate the so-called excellent breeding, the population with the strongest fertility, the 5% population of Omega, became the government's possession.
In this ridiculous world, Omega were deprived of even the most basic human rights…
Ling Yu sneered away from the military court, at the door of the courtroom he met Rosen's deep eyes.
Rosen slightly opened his mouth and mouthed out: “It'll be okay, I'll save you.”
Ling Yu was escorted to the darkest underground prison of the empire.
However, he was only in prison for less than three days, then Rosen went directly to the prison to bring him out.
Because of new information brought by His Majesty, the military court suddenly declared a revision.
– Ling Yu was released from military prison, and put into house arrest in Rosen's apartment. For life he could not leave half a step out of Rosen's apartment!
Ling Yu was brought back to Rosen's apartment filled with doubts, the correction was inexplicable, from life imprisonment in the military prison to life-long house arrest in Rosen's apartment, in the end what was the difference?
After being routed to Rosen's apartment, Ling Yu looked at the man and said quietly: “It's just another place to be bound to Rosen, you did not have to go through the trouble. Please call his Majesty to change back the verdict."
Rosen touched Ling Yu's hair gently, whispered: “Ling Yu, you cannot stay in prison … … you are pregnant."
Ling Yu eyes suddenly opened, shocked: “What did you say?!”
“Every prisoner has to be tested, and your serum test results proved that you are pregnant, so our majesty came forward to ask the military court to recall the verdict. The empire will not let a pregnant person go to prison.”
“… …” Ling Yu clenched his fist, face stiff.
Rosen stood in front of Ling Yu, gently held on to his shoulder, whispered: “It was changed to house arrest, but that was just to satisfy the old group of ancients. I will not trap you, wherever you want to go, I can take you there. ”
Ling Yu suddenly pushed Rosen away, looked up at him and said, “Rosen, you did this deliberately, right?”
“What?”
“The last time in the cell, you deliberately marked me … was it because you already anticipated what would happen today?”
Rosen said calmly: “Yes.”
Ling Yu; “…”
Rosen quieted his voice: “Injecting inhibitors and entering into the military, you are the first Omega to do that, the military would've definitely made an example of you, and give you a harsh sentence! I did not want you to suffer all your life in a disgusting military prison, next to outlaws and lunatics! You're an Omega trapped in a jail cell, what do you think will happen to you?"
Ling Yu; “…”
Rosen took a step forward but Ling Yu backed up a step in response.
The two stalemated for a moment, Ling Yu finally took a deep breath, then calmly looked at the man in front of him, “Anyway, that was your one-sided decision. This child is too sudden, I … …”
Rosen frowned at him, “Don't think about it, stay by my side, and wait for our baby to be born.”
“… … and what about other children?” Ling Yu suddenly took a step forward, one hand gently rested on the man's face, softly said, “Rosen I am an Omega, I can give birth, so I should obediently stay with you, give birth to your children, and follow you around all the time, like your damn slave … is that right?"
Ling Yu's active approach, as well touching his face, caused Rosen’s breathing to slightly lag.
Before he had time to react, Rosen’s cheek suddenly felt a strange sense of paralysis, his vision blurred, his body suddenly lost all strength and fell straight down to the ground.
“… …” Rosen looked astonished at Ling Yu, “You actually dare … …”
“Dare to defy his own Alpha?” Ling Yu dropped the mini needle in his hands, smiled and said, “Rosen, you forgot, I was never afraid of you even in military school… … I respect you, only because your rank was higher than mines, you are my superiors, but since I have been expelled from the military, those rules no longer apply."
Ling Yu took out the magnetic identity card from Rosen's pocket, “I'm borrowing your black dragon, I won't say goodbye, Rosen."
Rosen was left lying on the floor, forced to watched the man turning away holding his dedicated identity card.
– He left without nostalgia, did not look back even once.
Ling Yu secretly drove Rosen’s armor Black Dragon and left the Cepheid galaxy, but while he was flying out of Cepheid galaxy he encountered a rare, once in two decades universe sandstorm.
The next day, Rosen’s wreck of machine armor was found in the interstellar ruins near Cepheid.
The black armor was shattered by the mighty universe sandstorm, a piece of broken wreckage floating in the universe, there were pieces of debris with traces of Ling Yu's blood.
“…”
Looking out the window to the floating armor wreckage, the always calm and hard man finally collapsed.
He stood at the side of the window, his back strained, his nails clenched into the palm his hand. Tears dropped from his eyes, a silent suppressed cry, that caused all the subordinates to be shocked speechless.
“Ling Yu …”
“Did you know?”
“I love you……”
Rosen said it over and over again, but the man was never able to hear it.
It was the first time the Glory Legion's subordinates that followed Rosen for so many years saw the General lose control.
They silently watched General Rosen’s back, no one dared to come forward to comfort, no one dared to speak.
Until a long time later, Rosen adjusted his mood, face once again expressionless: “Clean up this piece of armor wreckage, take it back to Ling Yu General's monument."
He left the side of the window, his face finally restored his usual calm look.
– His heart was calm.
That night, a tombstone for Ling Yu was secretly set up by Rosen in the back garden of his apartment.
The tombstone was engraved with a row of vigorous and powerful characters: Lacey Empire Night Army Chief, Ling Yu Major General.
Those were the words Rosen himself engraved.
Because Rosen knew that Ling Yu gave all his blood and youth to his regiment, his favorite identity was the Empire's Night Corps General.
– Ling Yu, the military expelled you, they'll no longer recognize your identity.
– But in my heart, you will always be my favorite General.
***
In the Glory Legion command cabin, two dignified looking adjutants were whispering.
“We're approaching the headquarters. Marshal has been in the command cabin for so long, should we go in and see?”
“Do not disturb him. This piece of interstellar ruins was where General Ling Yu was buried. Marshal just met Vladimir, he's certainly thinking of past things. Let him alone for a while Ok. ”
Rosen kept himself locked in the command cabin.
Through the porthole he saw the endless space, saw that familiar interstellar ruins, the universe sandstorms regularly left many warship wreckages there, large tracts of wreckage floated freely in the universe, like a horrible grave yard.
Rosen's always calm face, finally emerge a trace of a twisted painful look.
Ling Yu
These years … I've missed you…
Wearing a black uniform, he was the Lacey Empire's military headquarters highest commander, except for His Majesty, he was the most popular person- The Undefeated God of War.
However, this man has never laughed.
In the people's impression, he always wore a calm expression, a pair of deep eyes like frozen winter ice.
At that moment, Rosen Bessemer, standing alone in the command cabin facing the vast universe, his tall and stiff back, seemed to be engraved in loneliness.
==========================================
Chapter 8: Military Academy on Broken Army star
The Pearl No. 731 has a total of 20 large cabins, each cabin can accommodate nearly a thousand people. Lin Yuan was located in cabin B, the lively noise in the hall made him curiously come out from his cabin.
Marshal Rosen's short video call turned the atmosphere of the entire spacecraft into excitement. Even if the news was old by now, the people in the hall were still talking about him, their faces full of excitement.
“Marshal Rosen is more handsome than the photos! I didn’t expect him to be so young!"
“Yes, but Marshal Rosen seems to still be a bachelor?"
“Did the Omega Association not pick the right Omega for him?"
“Shouldn't he pick his own?”
“I heard that he's always on the front lines, rarely returns home and the whole day he's busy cleaning up the federation groups. He probably has no time so he just ignores it!"
“Yes, if it were not for him, the people of the Empire would not have had this rare peacefulness for the past 18 years!"
Lin Yuan listened to the crowd talking about his idol and suddenly felt a strange feeling in his heart.
– Marshal is not married yet?
How is that possible? He's the grand Marshal of the Empire, his power and prestige in the Empire did not lose to His Majesty. The Omega Association should have sent a lot of pure and good-looking Omega for his casual selection. Does he have such picky tastes that he can’t pick one?
Lin Yuan scratched his head with some confusion.
Probably because the exam required him to review the Empire's modern military history, looking at the legendary god-like man’s deep eyes, listening to his low-pitched voice- although his eyes were cold and his face had no expression, Lin Yuan felt that he should be a very gentle person.
He loves the people of the empire. When the pearl was kidnapped he was the first to rush to the scene and forced Vladimir to flee. He also personally connected to the crowd with a video call, and sent troops to escort the frightened people … … obviously such a gentle person, why does everyone think he is very proud and cold?
The airship successfully entered into the cosmic waterway under the escort of the Glory Legion and the excited masses finally gradually dispersed, Lin Yuan also turned back into his cabin.
Snow was drinking, and when he saw Lin Yuan coming in, he easily handed him a bottle of water.
Lin said with a smile: “Thank you.”
Maybe because in that moment of life and death they chatted to relax their nerves, the cold teenager's attitude significantly improved a lot, his guarded eyes had become softer, and occasionally he exposed a faint smile.
– Snow actually has a very nice smile!
If he didn't have a similar beta smell, Lin Yuan might've mistook him for Omega!
Lin Yuan took the water from Snow and sat down on his bed.
There were some black warships outside the porthole, the vanguard of the Glory Legion, which was sent by the marshal to escort Pearl No. 731. The golden sun symbols on the warships seemed particularly cordial, the feeling of being escorted by the troops made Lin Yuan feel at ease.
Lin Yuan couldn't help saying: "By the way, Marshal Rosen seems to have graduated from the San Romia 573th military command division?"
Snow looked up at him, faintly said: “Ah"
Lin Yuan excitedly said: “And His Majesty Strand, General Bayh, General Udir, General Warrick, also all graduated from San Romia!”
As a freshman at San Romia Military Academy, Lin Yuan suddenly had a feeling of pride.
Hobby seemed to feel the excitement of his master, his pair of black eyes shining, so he scratched his palm with a hairy paw. Lin Yuan held on to its claws, while the other hand touch its ears, smiled and said: “I had to deceive my mother to take the exam, but it was the correct choice."
Hobby immediately nodded to agree.
Snow: “…”
They say to find out the personality of owner just look at their pet. The boy with the pair of black and bright eyes, and the small hairy beast with black eyes were really starting to look more and more alike.
Snow could not help but cough, lowered his head, and continued to watch the movie from where he left off.
Lin looked around in the cabin, bored. He saw a row of bedside buttons, the different colored buttons had simple words of the universal language. He thought of when the ship captain said, “If you need help please don't be polite”. Lin Yuan, out of curiosity, pressed the “food” button.
Soon, a more than half a head taller than him silver-white robot appeared in the doorway, its gentle voice said: “Hello, No. 7158 in your service, what do you need?"
Lin Yuan smiled and said: “What's delicious?”
7158 gently said: “Please look at the food list on my chest, select the items you want, pay with a crystal card, then remove the food. Thank you.”
With that said, he opened his chest with outstretched arms. The blue screen on his chest listed a lot of pictures and pricing of food, as well as a detailed classification and introduction. The food included a lot of things that he has never eaten, and there seemed to be specialties of other galaxies.
Lin Yuan curiously gave a closer look, and chose a cheap and delicious looking spicy cookies. He gently pressed the picture, and sure enough, the screen icon become a “selected” red. He selected 2 of them, took out the platinum crystal card, brushed it and entered the password.
A beep sound was heard- the card was approved- and 7158 immediately opened its belly. Two beautifully packaged boxes rolled out of its stomach. Lin Yuan took out the food, smiled and said: “Um, thank you."
7158 said: “Thank you, goodbye. I wish you a pleasant journey!
“…”
Looking at 7158 turning to leave, Lin Yuan couldn't help but think: What an advanced robot!
Rennes planet was relatively backward, his home robot was the cheapest version, it could only sweep and clean plates, its voice capabilities were basic. 7158 spoke fluently and walked quickly, plus his body was filled with all kinds of food! It's simply a mobile snack house!
Hehe, if only I could sneak him away…
Lin Yuan took the biscuits, smiled and handed snow a box, “Snow, here for you.”
“I’m not hungry” Snow said.
“… … Oh.” Lin Yuan bowed his head to eat.
Seeing Lin Yuan beam, as if eating something delicacies, Hobby couldn't help but drool. He energetically rubbed his master’s arm, his black eyes looked helpless.
Lin Yu laughed and handed him a box. Hobby immediately tore open the box and curiously pulled a piece into his mouth. It was delicious! He happily rubbed Lin Yuan’s arm, Lin Yuan responded by touching its ears.
So, Lin Yuan and Hobby were buried together eating snacks. They ate with relish and look pleased.
Snow: “…”
The big and the small, the owner and the pet. This eating biscuits together scene is simply too funny to look at directly……
***
The sailing lasted a full 13 days. In the four-man cabin, there were a beta-male couple who stayed for four days after getting on in Milky Way. The Betas looked very loving, but Lin Yuan felt that a beta-male couple was a bit odd!
In this low reproduction time, isn't it a bit strange for beta men and beta men to get together?
Although the imperial law allows this marriage, Lin Yuan felt that Beta male and Beta women were more fitting. It felt weird for two big gentlemen to hold hands!
However, for the rest of the travels Snow was his only roommate.
After being together for 13 days they became more familiar with each other.
Snow said he was an only child, and his parents worked in a private hospital on planet Oman. He was also interested in medicine since he was young.
Of course, the cheerful Lin Yuan also shared all his family background with Snow.
Lin Yuan’s family was not very fortunate, his mother is ill, and his sister basically took care of the family although she was only 20. She opened a cake shop in Rennes Planet, the cake shop was relatively popular locally. Every month the subsidy from the government for his father's sacrifice in battle helped maintain the daily expenses.
The reason Lin Yuan chose to apply for San Romia military academy, in addition to it being his dream academy from childhood, there was another reason. San Romia Military Academy had free tuition, free meals and accommodation. His family is poor, they couldn't afford to pay high tuition fees.
Snow listened to Lin Yuan as he talked about his family situation, tone very calm. Snow’s expression was still cold, but he was obviously warming up to Lin Yuan. This guy was very cheerful, and also had a good heart, having him as a friend might be pretty good…
And as for Lin Yuan, he'd already decide that Snow was his good friend!
***
On the afternoon of January 18th, Pearl 731 spacecraft finally reached the terminal in Bear galaxy.
The Broken planet was chosen by mankind to become the military base of the Lacey Empire.
There are large deserts, plains and rivers staggered in Broken Army star. The vast expanse of land was very suitable for large warships and space armor training. The empire's military exercises were also often carried out there.
The planet has lots of military academies, military research institutes and mech research centers. Such an important planet, the defense levels where naturally several degrees higher than in Cigar galaxy. Three light years away there was a laser Interception network, if a foreign spacecraft wanted to enter they had to go through layer after layer of verification and inspection.
Because it was a military base there were not many residents. When the pearl arrived, out of the nearly 20,000 passengers less than 1000 people got off, and most of these people were strong imperial soldiers.
Lin Yuan and Snow came out of the space station, this is the first time the two have traveled to Broken planet. Unlike the cold Cigar galaxy this climate was hot. The two from the cold climates found it hard to adapt.
After they passed the security check, the two took a suspension car together to San Romia Military Academy.
Along the way, Lin Yuan excitedly looked out at the scenery.
The time was evening, in the endless vast desert the wind was blowing dust into sky. A star similar to the Milky Way’s sun shone, sprinkling a golden glow on the surface. Flying in the air under the dust and the sunlight, with the wind constantly shaking the sparse trees, the whole world seemed to sparkle. In the nearly million kilometers enormous desert, people couldn't help but feel like a hero in a western movie.
The speed of the air suspension was very fast, they fast forwarded through the desert, reached a wide river, and flew alongside it for half an hour. They finally reached a large expanse of green.
The endless vast plains was divided into many areas, some had tall buildings and endless streets…… Obviously, here was a military base, and San Romia Military Academy was located here.
At the base, the speed of the suspension car slowed down significantly.
A suspended vehicle will not cause traffic jams, the reason why they slowed down was because all vehicles entering the base must undergo a security check, so the wait took some time. After waiting for about three minutes, they passed the check and the driver of the suspension car drove directly along the air way to the entrance of San Romia Military Academy.
At the gate of the school there was a silver statue of an eagle, which was the symbol of the Lacey Empire. Behind the statue the school gate read “San Romia Military Academy” in a row of gold writing. From the school gate you could see dozens of buildings standing in the campus, as orderly as a military parade.
Every building, every scene, even every little detail showed that it was the number one military academy in the Empire!
Lin Yuan excitedly came down from the suspension car and dragged Snow to the entrance. Just as they were going to register, they suddenly heard a burst of noisiness behind then.
Lin Yuan looked back and saw that not far in the air more than 100 silver-white suspension cars were neatly arranged in two rows, escorting a super large-scale suspension car to the San Romia Military Academy! All of the uniform suspension cars were engraved with the dazzling platinum gold Pentagon Immortal Throne Galaxy Flag!
The convoy did not stay at the school gate for inspection, but passed through the air defense network and directly entered the school!
The spectacular fleet soon flew overhead and disappeared out of sight!
“… …” The new students were stunned by the scene.
After a long silence, finally someone curiously asked: "What kind of person was that? His showiness is too big! "
"Which planet are you from? You don’t know? That was the Imperial Royal Guard, the Golden Galaxy Flag is the Imperial Royal Guard symbol! "
“The royal escort?” The freshman was visibly shocked. “Isn't the Imperial Palace in Cepheus? How can the Royal Guard be here?”
“His Majesty is an alumni, all the generals and royal descendants must go to San Romia Military Academy to study. The Royal Guard will naturally escort the princes to school."
"Oh, is that so." The curious classmate paused then asked, "Is there a prince in freshman year?"
“……how could I know?”
Listening to the voices not far away, Lin Yuan's heart could not help but ask: Was that the Royal Guard?
He only read some of the records on the royal escorts on the Internet. They were said to be an elite team composed entirely of Alpha, responsible for the protection of royal family members. They were not subject to military control, only listened to His Majesty and the prince, and in special circumstances their command was even above the military.
San Romia Military Academy was really a
Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon
. Maybe while walking in campus he could casually meet a general’s son or a royal descendant. If the pure bloodline Alpha are all this super it really is better to stay away from them.
But……Is there really a prince in this year’s freshman class? This novel chance made Lin Yuan feel very curious!
======================================
Chapter 9: Roommates are Alpha
Lin Yuan and Snow went together to the freshman arrivals section. They placed their luggage on the conveyor belt, and turned to the freshman check-in. Freshmen were scattered around the white school building. Because the military section and the medical section students were not together Lin Yuan hurried to get Snow's phone number, smiled and said: “Snow, contact me often ah!"
“Ah.” Snow nodded his head, turned to the medical school entrance line, Lin Yuan also turned to the military department.
The freshman of the military department had to pass through five checks, including registration and checking student data, they also had basic physical examination, data measurement, serological testing, psychological testing, as well as the most troublesome physical tests- one test was as tiring as running a marathon.
It took one hour to finish the freshman report. Lin Yuan, panting, walked to the luggage storage office to receive his luggage. His heart couldn't help but feel apprehension, after all, Hobby was hidden in his trunk. If it was found, he didn't know how to deal with it……
He reported his school number to the luggage distribution robot, and a familiar luggage was quickly transported on the conveyor belt. The trunk was still sealed, apparently the previous scan did not find a problem.
Lin Yuan was relieved, he quickly dragged the suitcase to the dormitory.
After he used his card to enter the dormitory, Lin Yuan couldn't help but stop in wonder -this housing condition is too good!
The large apartment-style dormitory consisted of four separate large bedrooms, a common living room and a dining room with a dining table and four stools. The living room was also decorated with soft sofas and the rooms were very clean. The large floor-to-ceiling window showed the military school landscape, the room lighting was also very suitable.
There were no people in the room and the four bedroom doors were open.
The four bedroom patterns were the same, so Lin Yuan casually selected the leftmost one.
In the middle of the bedroom was a two meter wide bed. Enough space to do somersaults…. Next to it was an automatic wardrobe and a wide desk with a school issued computer……
Such housing conditions was simply a luxury five-star treatment!
Lin Yuan quickly opened the trunk to find Hobby, after looking for a long time, he found that small Hobby had shrunk himself into a small ball, hidden in the Lin Yuan's white sweater. He's disguised himself as part of the white sweater.
No wonder the luggage was not searched after the laser scan! Apparently, the smart laser robot thought it was just a furry sweater after the rough scan!
Hobby seemed to be aware of his owner’s breath, he immediately stuck his head out from the sweater, and excitedly flew into Lin Yuan’s arms, rubbing his face against his cheek.
Lin Yu laughed and embraced it, “Hobby, you’re so smart! You didn’t get caught, did you? ”
Hobby shook his head proudly.
Lin Yuan whispered: “I secretly brought you in, I don't know if it's a violation of school rules. You have to stay hidden in my room, if someone comes you have to hide in the closet. I'll give you food every day ok?
Hobby nodded excitedly.
Lin Yuan touched its long ears, put it on the bed and said, “I'm taking a bath, that physical examination made me sweaty, you stay here, don't run!”
Hobby nodded again and again.
Until Lin Yuan went into the bathroom, Hobby happily turned around, curiously walking around the house.
Lin Yuan walked into the bedroom bathroom. The bathroom was separated into two parts, the outside was the sink and toilet, and there was a shower and wide bathtub. The shelves even had brand new towels, toothbrushes and a variety of unopened shampoo, shower gel and other things. The equipment was very complete.
Lin Yuan pulled the device for hot water, placed himself into the big bathtub, and comfortably took a bath.
In the bath he suddenly heard a sound outside the door, as if it was Hobby’s voice……
Lin Yuan washed off the bubbles, stood up from the bathtub and took a towel to clean up, when suddenly the door of the toilet was opened and his eyes met someone else's.
Lin Yuan: “… …”
The boy had a pair of brown eyes, his aquiline nose made his eyes look particularly deep. His handsome facial features were as if personally carved out by the Creator, he almost couldn't find a trace of flaws.
The boy's tall figure was suitable for a soldier, and his body seemed to have innate arrogance, like a king visiting his territory. The strong oppression made people dare not look directly into his eyes!
– He's an Alpha!
The moment he appeared, Lin Yuan smelt his body's strong Alpha atmosphere!
Somehow, Lin Yuan’s spine suddenly stiffened!
Like a threatened animal, Lin Yuan self- protection instinct made him immediately jump out of the bathtub. He quickly grabbed a bathrobe to wear, his looked alertly at the incomer, and asked with a cold face: “Who are you?”
The boy looked at him thoughtfully, after a moment, his lips slightly curved. He whispered: “This question should be asked by me, why are you in my bathroom?”
Lin Yuan froze a moment, “… … ah?”
“Are you a new student in San Romia?”
“……Yes.”
“Your room card has a bedroom number. This is my bedroom, the school expressly states that we cannot privately change bedrooms.” The boy looked at Lin Yuan, calmly said, “Since you're done, can you come out? I’m not used to sharing a bathroom with people."
“… …” Lin Yuan’s face suddenly turned red. He quickly rushed out from the bathroom.
Passing around the boy, his strong Alpha essence and his pair of deep eyes, made Lin Yuan’s body feel tense.
This is his roommate, he had to ask his name and say hello, but strangely, the usually friendly Lin Yuan when the boy looked at him he just felt a need to put some distance between them.
– Leave his gaze, the farther better, the sooner the better!
Once his brain commanded him, Lin Yuan did not even glance in his direction, he almost instantly turned and left the bedroom. Wrapped in a towel he looked like a white whirlwind!
“… …” The boy's mouth, still standing in the bathroom door, twitched involuntarily.
But Lin Yuan felt even more depressed. Just after he left the room he ran straight into another Alpha.
The Alpha boy was tall and straight, with dazzling pure gold hair, blue eyes like a mysterious ocean. He was handsome, his lips were raised in a frivolous smile.
“What's going on?” The boy looked at Lin Yuan, then looked into the bedroom, “Caesar, why is someone running out from your bedroom in a panic?"
The boy named Caesar also came out from the bedroom, standing behind Lin Yuan, he looked down at the shorter Asian teenager, and said: “He should be our roommate, he accidentally entered the wrong bedroom."
“Roommates?" the blond boy looked at Lin Yuan. Smiling he said, “Hey, roommate. You're a freshman too? ……Oh my God, why are you so short?”
He stretched out his hand and placed it on top of Lin Yuan's head, patting it gently like a pet.
Lin Yuan’s head just reached his chin so his patting was very natural.
“…….”
Lin Yuan's body stiffened, he tightly clenched his fist and did not hesitate to directly throw a punch!Unexpectedly, the boy behind him caught his arm!
Lin Yuan's attack was without warning, to catch it, Caesar's reaction speed had to be amazing!
His hand had great strength, his slender fingers almost clenched into Lin Yuan’s bones!
Lin Yuan's arm was gripped tightly by his fingers, so it was his body's first direct contact with an Alpha. Lin Yuan’s scalp suddenly tingled, his body even began to inexplicably heat up.
They confronted for a moment, then Lin Yuan stiffly said: “Let go!”
Caesar frowned, he let Lin Yuan go, and asked: “You have a habit of beating people when you're unhappy?”
“… …” Lin Yuan ignored him.
The blond, blue eyed boy was still smiling, as if watching a small animal. The deep eyed boy behind was giving out a suffocating sense of oppression. Surrounded by two Alpha, Lin Yuan's blood inexplicably grew cold!
There seems to be some sleeping beast waking up, and the strange trembling sensation in his body made Lin Yuan very uncomfortable!
No longer wanting to be near them, Lin Yuan directly pushed the blocking blond boy to the side, turned into his bedroom, and banged shut the door!
“……”
The two Alphas looked at the door.
Caesar was silent for a moment before he said calmly: “Brian, you provoked him.”
Brian smiled and stroked his chin, looking back at Lin Yuan's door, he meaningfully said: “I did not expect our little roommate would be so violent…….I wanna see how much he can do.”
Brian said as he turned towards Lin Yuan's bedroom. But Caesar frowned: “Hey, you just started school. Do you want the principal and General Bayh to find out?"
Brian stopped, wiped his forehead and said, “Oh, shit. I’m afraid of my old man and his three-hour "How to be a respectable person" lecture. I'll be a good student like you.”
Brian shrugged his shoulders, gently placed his right hand over his heart, bowed to Caesar, and said solemnly, "My dear Prince, I'm off to take a bath, you do you."
Then he turned, humming a song, into his bedroom. He smiled back at Caesar as he closed the door.
Caesar turned to look at Lin Yuan's bedroom, his brown eyes gradually deepened.
– Why did, at the moment I saw that boy in the bathroom, he oddly smelled like an Omega?
The smell was so faint that the average person would never notice.
However, Caesar was different.
He has the most acute senses and the best insights in the entire empire, and it stems from the various intensive training courses he had received since childhood, including a top-secret course.
Omega Pheromone Resistance training course!
=========================================
Chapter 10: Prince Caesar
Each prince of the empire shall begin reading from the age of six, and as a prince, he must keep his mind calm even when he was in the face of an Omega’s estrus.
Since then, when General Lin Yuan happened, His Majesty and Rosen paid special attention to the resistance of the military. Afterwards, all Alpha took “Omega Estrus Resistance training”, so as to avoid future interference from Omega pheromone and becoming irrational.
As a soldier, it was vital to keep reason at all times.
As a prince, it was not only necessary, but also instinctive, to stay sane at all times.
His Majesty had Caesar carry out Omega Pheromone resistance training from an early age. The various experts in the Imperial Academy were using chemical drugs to synthesize the various Omega scents and these were around him each day.
To use reason to overcome instinct, it was a very painful process.
Fortunately, Caesar at that time was still small, his body couldn't directly respond to that kind of pheromone. The first time he smelled it he only felt very excited and uncomfortable, but after smelling it every day the feeling will naturally slowly fade.
After adulthood, although his body would still generate a strong reaction, his mind can still remain sober, and his reason will not be completely lost.
Caesar was accustomed to the smell of various kinds of pheromone, his sense of smell was naturally quite sensitive to the taste. He almost never missed, so he was more confused.
After seeing the bare Lin Yuan, he actually felt a pure, no impurities aura of Omega. It was a never marked, recently turned adult Omega aura.
But that breath was very, very weak, faint like a flash of illusion.
How can military academies have Omega?
All the blood of students enrolled would be tested and the information in the blood was extracted. Empire law also expressly states that all Omega should be registered at the time of birth and from the age of 13 sent to a school set up specifically for Omega. Omega who injected inhibitors to get into the military courted death.
So ……. it was probably a moment of illusion?
Caesar gently touched his nose. His nose may have a little bit of a bug.
*
Back in the bedroom, he suddenly heard a slight burst of sound coming from the closet.
In addition to his sensitive sense of smell, his hearing was naturally the most sensitive in the whole empire, he can even hear a mosquito’s voice a few meters outside the room.
Caesar, puzzled, placed his finger on the automatic closet's sensor.
Whoosh, the closet was opened, in the corner of the wardrobe a pure white “dog” was fearfully shrinking into a small hair ball, trembling.
“…….” Caesar’s face was slightly stiff.
That hairball saw him, shook some more, shrunk into a ball tighter, it also pulled down his wide and long ears with two claws to cover its face, as if the person in front could not notice it if it did so.
Caesar looked at it and quietly said, “Wayne, what are you doing here?”
“Woo hoo…….” he recognize it, human beings are really too annoying!
Wayne suddenly ran out from the closet and crazily rushed into the bedroom door.
Caesar whispered: “Stop.”
Wayne stiffly stopped and tightened his guard.
Impasse for a moment, his hairy claws tentatively moved forward a bit, but Caesar said coldly: “Come back.”
“Ooo woo …….” Caesar His Majesty’s face is terribly cold!
Wayne bowed his head, frustrated, and turned back to Caesar’s side. He rubbed Caesar’s trousers to please him.
Caesar leaned over and looked at it, whispered: “Tell me, why are you here?”
“…” Wayne bowed his head and didn't speak.
Caesar took out a palm-sized photoelectric screen from his suitcase, opened it, from the inside he pulled out the special sensor software and placed it in front of Wayne, whispered, “Write to me, or I will send you back to the palace!"
Wayne immediately shook his head, put his two claws on the screen and quickly laid out a line of words: “No no! Prince His Royal Highness you cannot send me back to the palace, do not tell the Queen. Tell her I am dead!!!"
Caesar was puzzled, “Why?”
Wayne looked at him tearfully then typed, “The Queen wants me to mate and give her a little nest.”
Followed by a crying expression.
Caesar: “…”
Wayne continued with enthusiasm and wrote: “The people of the Institute are so terrible! They gave me a Gera to let me have a little nest with it, but I hate that guy, so I ran away …”
Caesar looked at it and whispered: “And then where did you go?”
“Once again, His Majesty sent troops to Cigar galaxy to mine minerals, I secretly hid in the spacecraft inside a robot's stomach, and passed the interstellar check mark. When they landed, I sneaked out, but didn't expect to faint in the snow……. Rennes planet is really too cold!"
Wayne seemed to remember the cold there, trembled a bit, then went on to write: “Fortunately, there was a good person who picked me up, he is my new owner. He is called Lin Yuan!
– Lin Yuan?
Caesar slightly frowned. He finally understood why the Empire's Queen Anna lost her pet, Wayne, two years ago, and why he suddenly appeared in San Romia Military Academy's student dormitory.
– Cigar Galaxy, Rennes Planet, Lin Yuan.
This year’s new student list has such a person, same as himself, he was admitted to San Romia Military Academy with full marks in all three courses. He was said to be born in a civilian family, to have such results he was indeed someone to look at.
That boy who used the wrong bathroom, who he almost thought was an Omega, is Lin Yuan?
Caesar thought in silence for a moment, then whispered: “Wayne, do you like this new master? He tested into San Romia Military Academy, so you followed him?”
Wayne nodded earnestly.
“You’re really clever, but you didn't expect to meet me here,” he said.
Wayne lowered his head in frustration: “Your Highness, please don't tell Queen Anna, okay?”
Caesar gently touched Wayne’s ears, he whispered: “Rest assured, I won't tell mother. She was going to match you, and I don’t agree with that. You have your own consciousness, humans shouldn't have taken you as a pet and we're even less qualified to force you to mate."
Wayne's eyes were bright, he enthusiastically nodded, happy to rub his cheek against Caesar's palms.
– This was how they expressed their love.
Caesar smiled, “Since you like Lin Yuan, then follow Lin Yuan. I won't tell your whereabouts to my mother, and you should not tell my identity to anyone."
Wayne quickly nodded his head, and also seriously raised his hairy claws, as if swearing.
Caesar shook his claws lightly, held it up and lifted the white suitcase left behind by Lin Yuan, he
whispered
, “Let's go and see your new master."
*****
Lin Yuan was sitting in his bedroom in a daze. Somehow, his heart felt strangely uneasy.
Rennes planet was a barren and desolate place, the children were mostly Beta. Most of the people he had seen from a young age were Beta, even if there were Alpha they weren't pure blooded.
He knows that Alpha are the strongest of all the races, and the more pure the blood of the Alpha was, the stronger his breath was. But this knowledge was only theoretical, only today did he finally realize the difference.
The two roommates who lived with him were undoubtedly the most pure, capable and powerful Alpha. The great oppression they gave was difficult to breathe through.
Especially that guy named Caesar……
His deep eyes seemed to have the power to sink, his attention made Lin Yuan's back hair stand up, his heart seemed to be in a struggle to break free. His back inexplicably trembled, so Lin Yuan gave in to the instinct to flee.
He was Beta, he shouldn't have such a strong reaction to the Alpha just because he got close, was it because he had never previously seen an Alpha, so a sudden encounter with such a worthy Alpha gave him a sense of oppression? After all, compared to Alpha, Beta were weaker in height and physical ability. It’s very stressful to face such an excellent Alpha.
Lin Yuan finally figured out an explanation for his weird behavior, so his heart was relieved.
Later he wants to avoid them. Anyway, the four bedrooms were independent, as long as he stayed in his bedroom as much as possible, he couldn't provoke them.
However, Lin choosing not to provoke them, does not mean they wouldn't come to provoke Lin Yuan……
Suddenly a knock was heard, Lin Yuan alertly erected his ears. It was quiet outside for a moment, then the knock sounded again, and Caesar's deep voice asked: “Are you in?"
Lin Yuan adjusted his expression, took a deep breath, went to the door and asked: “Something wrong?
“Is this white pet yours?”
“…….” Bad, Hobby was still in that bedroom!
Lin Yuan had to open the door, he saw a white hair ball was being held in Caesar's arms. When he saw Lin Yuan his eyes brightened and he raised his hairy claws and waved toward Lin Yuan.
Lin Yuan stretched out his hand and took Hobby. Hobby was very happy to fly into Lin Yuan’s arms, he rubbed Lin Yuan’s face with his head.
It was kept by Caesar for a long time, so it carried Caesar's scent. The moment Hobby rubbed him, a strong Alpha aura spread out, it even made Lin Yuan momentarily dizzy.
“…….” Lin Yuan immediately held his breath, adjusted the bitterness of his heart, put Hobby on the desk, and softly said: “Thank you, it's mine."
Lin Yuan said what was necessary before closing the door, but Caesar's hand blocked it.
Caesar whispered: “What’s his name?”
“… It's called Hobby.”
Caesar looked at Hobby, and Hobby proudly looked up at him, as if to say "Isn't my new name nice?"
Caesar smiled and handed the white suitcase to Lin Yuan, “Is this your luggage?”
“Yes, leave it there, thank you.”
Lin Yuan said what was necessary to close the door, but Caesar again reached out.
“…….” This person is simply annoying! He obviously didn't want to chat with him, why did he always block the door?
The strong discomfort of being surround by an Alpha's aura made Lin unhappily wrinkle his brow.
Caesar looked at Lin Yuan and whispered: “I think we should exchange things from our bathrooms. You just used a bath towel, so I'll take yours, is that okay?"
“…”
He really did use his bathroom towel, he even opened his shampoo and shower gel.
Lin Yuan was embarrassed. He backed up a step and opened the bedroom door to let him in.
Caesar took Lin Yuan’s suitcase into the bedroom, put the suitcase away, then took the new toiletries out of the bathroom. Then he turned back to his bedroom and took the towel, shampoo and shower gel that Lin Yuan used from his bathroom.
In his back and forth process, Lin Yuan was alertly standing at the door watching him. His body was in a defensive state, like a barbed up small hedgehog.
After exchanging the bathroom appliances, Caesar politely reached out his hand to Lin Yuan and whispered: “I'm Caesar, a military command department freshman. You are?"
“………I'm Lin Yuan.” Lin Yuan stretched out his hand and gently shook his hand, then immediately took back his hand. Dropping his head to avoid Caesar's eyes, he gently petted Hobby, still lying on the table.
Caesar looked at Hobby, then took out the palm-sized photoelectric screen and handed it to Lin Yuan: “Take this.”
“……what is this?”
“It's a Microlight computer. It can sense the consciousness of various biological brains. Use it to communicate with Hobby, I gave it to Hobby as a gift."
Caesar handed the computer to Hobby, and Hobby gladly clutched it tightly with his claws.
……. Since Hobby received the gift his master was embarrassed to reject it.
Lin Yuan had to say: “Thank you.”
“It's nothing.” Caesar gently touched Hobby’s ear, seemingly to complement its sensibility. Hobby obediently nodded, as if to say: remember our agreement!
Caesar raised his lips slightly, took back his hand and looked at Lin Yuan, “Well, I won't disturb you again. Good night."
“……Good night.”
Until Caesar turned away, Lin Yuan was still in a state of alert.
Lying on the table, Hobby looked at Caesar's back and secretly raised a claw thumb!
– Prince, you are so good at pretending! Pretending not to know me, pretending not to know my name, even using me as an excuse to give a gift. Your acting is too awesome!
– In the words of mankind, His Royal Highness Prince was simply a universe class actor!
– But why did the master stiffen when he saw the prince?
Hobby looked up at Lin Yuan, and found that the always lively and cheerful teenager, was currently uneasy and strangely pale.
======================================
Chapter 011: A Buggy Nose
Yes, Lin Yuan was really very distraught.
Caesar's strength, Caesar's gaze, as well as his body's strong Alpha aura, caused Lin Yuan’s heart to inexplicably beat out of control. His blood seemed to have suddenly accelerated the speed of flow, his body even had a slight fever. His body's restlessness caused Lin Yuan to feel very uncomfortable.
After going to the bathroom to wash his face with cold water, Lin Yuan turned back to his bed, picked up the communication device and called his mother’s number.
A woman's nervous face soon appeared, Lin Mom anxiously asked: “God! Xiao Yuan! I saw on the news that the pearl was hijacked, are you all right?!”
Lin Yuan smiled: “Rest assured, Marshal Rosen arrived in time to save us!” He also rotated the communication device so that his mother could look at his bedroom, “I'm at school. The school dormitory is very good, and we live in a large apartment, everyone has a separate bedroom."
Mrs. Lin was relieved and said, “Having a separate bedroom is good.”
Lin Yao suddenly came over and said: “Xiao Yuan, your Hobby has vanished, I can't find it anywhere!”
Lin Yuan waved, Hobby quickly ran over, watching Lin sister's shocked face, Hobby proudly waved his claws toward her, as if in greeting.
Lin Yao: “…….”
Lin caught Hobby's waving claws, smiled and said: “Sister, it secretly hid in my box. I took it to school, you can relax."
Lin Yao looked complexly at Hobby, “Well, there it is. Take good care of yourself in school! If anyone bullies you, tell your old sister, I'll come beat them up!"
Lin Yuan laughed: “Rest assured, no one will bully me. Don't forget, I practiced Kung Fu."
Lin Yao thumbs up: “Awesome! Keep up that momentum, if anyone bullies you, don't hesitate to beat them directly!” Lin heard a ding, “My cake is done, I'll go look, you and mom talk!"
“Bye Sis.”
Lin Yao walked away, Mrs. Lin was silent a moment, then pretended to ask casually: “Xiao Yuan, what kind of people are your roommates? Have you seen any Alpha yet?”
Lin Yuan scratched his head and said: “My roommates ……. cough, they're the same as me, Beta……. They're nice."
Mrs. Lin was relieved, “And the medicine, you've been taking it right?”
Lin Yuan: “…….”
Oops! He'd completely forgotten to take them on the spacecraft!
It was no wonder, the pearl spacecraft was hijacked, in a life and death situation who would still remember a “good for the body" pill. And later on because Rosen Marshal appeared he'd gotten too excited, then along the way he was chatting with Snow, so the drug was completely forgotten.
Seeing his mother's dignified expression, Lin Yuan didn't want her worry, so he laughed and said: “Don't worry, I eat it every day."
Mrs. Lin said: “Well, be sure to remember, or your body will have problems!"
Lin Yuan said earnestly: “I know.”
After hanging up the call, Lin Yuan suddenly thought of his unusual reactions these days….is it related to the drug?
At the age of eight, he had such a weird heartbeat and his body also heat up. Today’s reaction was very similar to that time. Over the years he regularly got injections. Dr. Fornt had said his body had no serious illness, but it was special and had regular imbalance in the immune system, so he needed drugs to adjust.
Since this bottle of medicine was given to him by Dr. Fornt and his mother repeatedly told him to eat it every day, it was certainly the same regulation of the immune system medicine ……. right?
Lin Yuan would like to test this guess, so he immediately took out the bottle of medicine and ate a piece.
His body's agitation actually reduced a lot, and the heat filling his body was slowly pressed back. His breathing and heartbeat gradually became regular.
– Forgetting to take the medicine was really the reason.
It seems that these abnormal reactions were his own physical problems, it was not directly related to Caesar's Alpha aura. Lin Yuan was finally relieved. He calmed down, and carefully locked the bottle of medicine in the drawer.
***
When Brian finished his bath it was already seven o’clock, Caesar apparently also took a bath and was finishing his food in the cafeteria.
Caesar was away from home so Queen Anna was not at ease. Afraid he could not get used to things there, she gave him a lot of Cepheus's specialties. Fruit, barbecue, and snacks stuffed a full car that the Royal Guard sent all the way over.
In Caesar's mind, food was only a way to fill his stomach, as long as it wasn't unpalatable there was no need for it to be so extravagant.
However, Queen Anna sent it for him. As her son it wasn't a good idea to refuse, so he could only endure as the royal escort sent the food from Cepheus to Army star, and also watch as the captain of the guard team personally delivered it to his dorm room.
Caesar was impatient to finish the food, seeing Brian out of the bath, he pushed over a big box and said: "Your favorite five star fruit, take it."
Five Star fruit were the specialties in Cepheus's Starfield Star. It was a year-round spring planet that had many wild plants and fruits that can be eaten by humans, one of the most famous was the five-star fruit.
The shape of this fruit was like a five-pointed star, hence the name. Its shell was silvery white, in the moonlight it will emit a touch of fluorescence, and looked just like silver stars hanging on a tree. After stripping the hard shell, it had a sour and sweet taste that was popular with people.
Brian likes to eat it, after he saw the food filled cafeteria he could not help but exclaim: “The Queen is really too much, this is enough to eat for a year!"
He sat down on a stool and bluntly picked up a five-star fruit, peeled it and narrowed his eyes in enjoyment, he looked up at Caesar and said: “But of course she'd worry about you, who let you be her only Alpha son."
His Majesty and Queen Anna were very loving. They gave birth to a lot of royal descendants, but only Caesar was an Alpha, the others were all Omega. Caesar was the fourth prince, he had an Omega brother and two Omega sisters.
Caesar frowned. Brian couldn't help but gossip: “Yes, I heard that your Omega
Wang Xiong
has not been marked yet? What does His Majesty think ah, the big prince is already twenty-four right? You’re not going to get him a date yet?"
Caesar lightly glanced at him, “What, you want to hit him up?”
Brian immediately raised his hand to express his innocence: “No no no, the great prince is waaay too violent, I'm not a masochist I don't like abuse!” Brian paused, smiling he said, “I still like handsome and refined Omega, especially a cold and usually very serious person. They must give off a special feeling in that season!"
Brian’s voice faded when the door opened. A young man dragged in some luggage.
The man's skin was white, his slightly curled
platinum
hair hung by his ear. He had a pair of blue eyes like the washed sky after the rain, long and thick eyelashes gently covered in his eyelids. His white face looked particularly exquisite, but his expression was quite indifferent, revealing that he was hard to approach.
“…” Brian’s eyes brightened!
That’s him! A cold but gentle looking person, someone people couldn't help but want to bully!
Brian immediately stood up and walked in front of the boy. Smiling, he stretched out his hand, gently hugged his shoulder, and said: “Hello classmate, I'm your roommate, my name is Brian. I'm a freshman in the Military Engineering Department, I like to study about all kinds of smart mechs. What is your name? What is your department?"
“…….” The teenager looked at him coldly, “Let go.”
“Whaa?”
Brian did not have time to hear him when the boy suddenly clenched his fist, swing and a punch!
Bang, Brian was directly laid down.
Brian: “…”
Caesar: “…”
Lin Yuan who was opening his computer in his room, suddenly heard a burst of sound from the cafeteria, as if someone was in a fight? Lin doubtfully opened the door and saw Snow standing coldly, frowning, with a fist, and that handsome blonde boy, with a startled face, was climbing up from the ground.
The thick black rim of his eye proved everything.
“You ……. why did you hit me?” Brian put away his smile, clutching his eyes, his tone seemed a little aggrieved.
Snow calmly pulled back his hand and whispered: “I’m sorry, I'm severely obsessed with cleanliness, and I hate human body contact. Please stay away from me, classmate Brian."
“…” Brian was shocked.
Cleanliness? Stay away? Am I something dirty?
Brian had not had time to rebut before the stiff young man pulled the luggage directly around him, and walked to his bedroom. Seeing Lin Yuan, he paused in astonishment.
Lin Yuan's face immediately opened in a bright smile, “Snow, what a coincidence! We actually became roommates!"
Snow's stiff face was a little gentler, he nodded toward Lin and said, “I’ll take a shower first, then I’ll come see you in your bedroom."
Lin excitedly nodded: “Good! We’ll talk later!"
Snow went into his bedroom, turned around and closed the door.
Lin Yuan glanced at the two Alpha roommates in the cafeteria, and also immediately closed the door.
Brian: “…”
Caesar: “…”
What is this feeling of being hated, rejected, and snubbed?
One was the noble prince, one was Bayh General’s only baby son. The two from small to large were pampered by people and were followed by a lot of escorts. This was the first time they suffered this "Despised” treatment.
Caesar and Brian gave each other a complicated look.
After a moment of silence, Brian smiled and touched his nose, “Cough, our two roommates seem to have violent tendencies huh? Three years of military school won't be easy!"
Although the words came out of his mouth, Brian’s eyes were obviously excited, watching Snow’s door, he whispered: “Did you hear? His name is Snow, such a nice name. He really has a face that people just want to bully……. Oh, it's a pity he's a Beta. If he was Omega, estrus sure would be really special……. ”
“I'd shut up if I were you.” Caesar interrupted him, “If Snow hears you, he'll definitely give you another punch.” Then he pointed to Brian’s vibrant black eye.
“…….” Brian rubbed his swollen eyes, shut his mouth, and obediently bowed to eat his five-star fruit.
Caesar looked back at Snow’s door and gently frowned.
– Strange, why, when Snow walked past him, did he once again sense the atmosphere of Omega? Almost the same atmosphere as Lin Yuan?
What is going on with my nose today, I actually had a bug twice in a row? I definitely smelled Omega from both roommates.
Is the new climate too hot, and my body isn't used to it?
Caesar touched his nose with some doubts and decided to give his nose a thorough and comprehensive examination.
==============================
Chapter 012: The Reappearance of the Mysterious Crystal Card
Meanwhile, Cepheus Galaxy, Starfield Planet, the Lacey Empire palace.
The buildings were similar to the ancient Earth era's European churches. There was a staggered arrangement of pure white buildings. A tall building had a carving of the magnificent pentagonal Cepheus galaxy flag, the flag was a space chart of all of Cepheus' stars, flashing and glowing bright. The man-made stars merged with the real distant stars, blending into a vast galaxy.
In the silence of the night the palace stood solemn, from time to time Royal Guards wearing pure white uniforms walked about. In the largest fortress in the depths of the palace a red carpet was extended from the entrance to the depths of the building, leading to an exquisitely carved tall throne. A middle-aged man with deep facial features was sitting on it, holding a miniature light computer, he was looking at the computer with a serious expression.
–
Trent Watson
, Lacey Empire's seventh king.
At this time, a platinum ball suddenly flew in front of Trent, a soft voice jumped out: “Your Majesty, the Royal Bank's President Mr. Lexington sent a confidential video request, do you receive?"
Lexington?
Trent put down the miniature light tablet in his hand, placed his hand gently on the ball and softly said, “Connect online.”
After the fingerprint password verification went through, a virtual projection screen was immediately projected out.
On the screen an old man with a white beard soon appeared, he was the president of the Royal Bank. The man placed his right hand gently over the position of his heart and deeply bowed to His Majesty Trent. He respectfully said: “Your Majesty.”
On the highly realistic projection screen, it was as if the other man was really present in the room.
Trent nodded to him, "What happened?”
Lexington replied cautiously: “Your majesty, you wanted the banking system to fully monitor for appearance of the crystal card. Because the connection was interrupted during the sailing of the spacecraft, the bank only recently received a report on this crystal card.”
The always calm Trent raised his brow, he stood up from the throne and said: “Tell me the details."
Lexington immediately reported the detailed information: “January 5 at 3:11 pm, this crystal card was used in the Pearl 731 spacecraft B cabin, the amount spent was eight crystal coins, the purchase was two boxes of cookies.
“…” Trent was silent for a moment, “Is there a trade video?”
"Yes" Lexington used the network to transmit the video footage. “The crystal card was used in the terminal for the interstellar spacecraft, in the No. 7158 intelligent robot. This is the video of the time, please check, His Majesty."
The video was quickly sent over, Trent opened the video files.
On the spacecraft in a cabin, a black short haired and clear eyed young man was looking at the food list on the robot's chest, scratching his head he asked: “What's delicious?
The voice of the young man sounded very clear. His pair of black eyes looked curiously at the list again, then he put his fingers on the spicy cookies, "I want this.” Then he paid with the card, took out the two boxes of cookies, and smiled toward the robot, “Thank you!”
7158 said: “Thank you, goodbye, I wish you a pleasant journey!"
After the short video was finished Trent was silent for a moment, then he said softly: “Track the details of this person immediately.”
“Yes, sire.”
All those who boarded the spacecraft would be registered with detailed information during the security checks, their respective cabin and seat directly corresponded. The process of trading on the spacecraft was also recorded by the infrared camera installed in the eyes of the intelligent robot, it was one of the means to ensure secure transactions.
It was quite easy to check the information of a passenger on a spacecraft in this era of advanced communications.
Lexington soon found the information and sent it to Trent.
– Lin Yuan, 18 years old, male Beta, from Cigar Galaxy's Rennes Planet.
On January 5th he boarded the pearl 731 spacecraft, on the afternoon of January 18th he exited in Bear Galaxy's Broken Army Planet. Then he reported to San Romia Military Academy for admittance. He is a military department freshmen, tested in with 300 points, full marks.
Trent looked at the information and slightly frowned.
Lexington nervously asked: “His Majesty, this infinite capacity Crystal Card has been missing for 19 years, should the Royal Bank remove its jurisdiction?"
“No.” Trent looked up from the projection at Lexington and softly said, “This has my permission, you don't need to log it out. Continue to monitor this crystal card's consumption records, be ready to report it to me at my request.”
Lexington once again put his right hand on his heart and respectfully bowed towards Trent: “Yes, Your Majesty!”
The communication ended. Trent had just sat back on the throne when the silver ball flashed again.
“Your Majesty, Marshal Rosen has requested a call!”
Trent didn't respond, he just put his hand directly on the fingerprint sensor area.
On the projection screen a portrait of Rosen soon appeared. As usual, his handsome face had no expression, his eyes were calm with no waves. Even when facing the Emperor he was neither overbearing nor humble.
The uniformed man was like a hard rock that had weathered many storms.
Rosen wore a white glove on his right hand. He placed it on the brim of his hat and gave a respectful standard salute to Trent.
– He always gave a military salute to His Majesty, not the expected royal ceremony.
Many years ago, when Trent was still a prince, they studied at San Romia Military Academy. Trent was the most respected senior of Rosen and Ling Yu.
This was the etiquette between soldiers.
Trent’s face slightly warmed, he returned a salute and softly said: “Rosen, are you back?”
“Yes, sire,” replied Rosen "I received the emergency recall order and returned."
This was why the Glory Corps happened to appear near Cigar galaxy. Trent had just given an emergency recall order to the Glory Corps, but he didn't expect Rosen would meet the, in the middle of a hijacking, Vlad on the way back. So he could easily rescue the people on the interstellar spacecraft.
Rosen paused, then asked: “Your Majesty's emergency recall of the Glory Corps, does it pertain to the celebration for the 700th anniversary of the establishment of the Empire?"
Trent nodded and said: “This celebration includes a grand parade. I was afraid the federation would take the opportunity to play in our boarders. With you here I am naturally more assured. Let Bayh supervise the military exercises and armor races. Stay in the capital, after the end of the celebration you can go back."
Rosen nodded, "Yes.”
Silent for a moment, Trent finally said: “It's late, first go home to rest. After three days I'll summon you to the palace with the other generals. We'll have a detailed discussion of the military exercises."
Rosen gave a salute and whispered: “Yes, sire.”
The man was handsome and indifferent, his saluting posture was so meticulous it could be used as the military students' teaching material. His eyes were cold and lifeless since the year Ling Yu left. He became like this, face expressionless, like a mobile robot.
Trent deeply looked at him, retracted his hand and cut off the video call.
*****
Outside the window was the stars in the night sky, and an occasional falling star. They dotted the dark night.
In the long cosmic migration, shooting stars have become one of the most common occurrences. Even common people were very clear on the conditions for the formation of meteor showers. Scientists could even create meteor showers, but there were still some old people who remembered the ancient legends about meteors.
Like Ling Yu. He always believed that a meteor fall was the symbol of a person’s passing. Human life was like a meteor, bright one moment then quickly disappearing in the vast universe.
Rosen had explained to him in detail: “A meteor fall is the result of cosmic dust and meteors burning up in the atmosphere because of intense friction, resulting in a streak.”
Ling Yu had waved his hand in disdain and said: “That's just how it is formed. You're too much of a mechanical and scientific person. You won't understand the meaning of the legend."
Rosen: “…”
At that time, they were studying together in the military academy, their constant quarreling gradually turned into a strong friendship.
As their senior, Trent saw the two men as little brothers.
If Ling Yu wasn't an Omega, if the army hadn't sent the Night Corps to attack the Nami Star, if Ling Yu's inhibitor didn't suddenly fail on the battlefield ……. that wouldn't have happened, Rosen wouldn't have become an imitation of an emotionless zombie.
For many years he repeatedly suggested marriage to Rosen, but every time he refused on the grounds of being busy with the war. Trent knew that Rosen had set up a tombstone in his garden, and that his heart was buried underneath it.
Trent frowned when he remembered the boy in the video.
That young boy's hair was black as ink, he had a pair of big clear eyes, and the smile on his face was sunny. He gave off a lively and warm feeling.
– Lin Yuan.
He meditated on the name a bit, then turned to the smart communicator. He put his hand on the sensor and commanded: “Immediately connect to Prince Caesar's communication device. I have something to say to him."
“Yes, your Majesty!” The communicator began to spin, waiting for connection.
San Romia Military Academy, student dormitory A13.
Caesar, who was finishing his dinner, suddenly received a communication request from the royal palace. There was a familiar fifteen character alphanumeric request code… that was the special communication code belonging to His Majesty.
Caesar immediately put down the plate and returned to his bedroom. He locked the door, pulled the thick shade curtains, and opened the communicator.
A familiar man appeared on the projection screen, Caesar respectfully asked: “Father? You want to see me?”
Trent calmly replied: "This is your first time out of the palace. How's military school, are you used to it?"
Caesar said, “It's Okay.”
Trent was silent for a moment, then he asked: “Caesar, your classmates, is there a man named Lin Yuan?"
Caesar nodded: “Yes, he is my roommate.”
“His grades were the same as yours. It must not have been easy for him as a child from a civilian family. It's clear that he is a very talented and hard-working person,” Trent paused, then softly said, “Get along with him, I think there's a lot you can learn from him."
“…….” Although his heart was very puzzled Caesar still nodded earnestly.
Trent continued: “Also, don't use your prince identity to bully your classmates. I don't want to hear any negative news from the principal. You're my Alpha son, so study seriously and come up with the best results. Don't make me disappointed."
Caesar immediately placed his right hand over his heart and respectfully saluted: “Yes, father.”
After the call ended, Caesar still had some doubts.
Father specifically mentioned Lin Yuan, was Lin Yuan’s potential so great that even his father was impressed? Did he want to recruit him for the empire in the future, or for a personal guard, so he specially instructed him to keep a good relationship with Lin Yuan?
Of course, even if his father didn't instruct it, Caesar would still try to be friendly with his roommate. After all, they'll live in the dormitory for three years, if their relationship was bad no one would benefit.
The problem was not that he wanted to rely on his identity to bully Lin Yuan, but that Lin Yuan was dodging him.
Thinking of the boy's full bodied small hedgehog look and alert eyes, Caesar always felt very puzzled – he doesn't remember doing anything to offend Lin Yuan? So why did he always look at him like he could attack him at any moment?
Whatever the reason, this rigid relationship should definitely be improved.
Lin Yuan, Snow ……. two hostile guys living in the dormitory wouldn't be enjoyable.
Thinking of this, Caesar turned back to the cafeteria, took a few five-star fruits and walked to Lin Yuan's bedroom door. He gently knocked and probed: “Lin Yuan, you in?"
Lin Yuan was holding Hobby while watching a movie, when he heard the familiar voice he couldn't help but frown again.
– Why is this guy knocking on my door again?
– What an annoying roommate! I haven't provoked you, why do you always come to provoke me?!
Lin Yu paused the video, got up and slightly opened the door: “What’s the matter?”
The handsome boy showed a friendly smile, "Want some fruit?”
“…….” Lin Yuan glanced at the five-pointed star shaped things in his hands. He stiffly asked, “This is ……. what is it?"
Caesar smiled and explained: “This is called a five-star fruit, it's the specialty of Starfield Planet. I brought a lot with me, try some.” Caesar looked at Hobby cuddled in Lin Yuan's arms and added, "Hobby should also like this fruit."
Hobby immediately nodded his head, grabbed one from Caesar's hands and tightly gripped it in his paws.
“…”
Hobby the betrayer once again succeeded in inviting the prince to his master’s bedroom.
=====================================
Chapter 013: Plan To Get Along With Your Roommates
Lin Yuan doesn't particularly hate Caesar.
On the contrary, Caesar was very handsome, had an elegant smile, he doesn't look down on others, he's a peacemaker, and brought food. Even if Lin Yuan felt uncomfortable, it's not good to slam the door on people.
Lin Yuan's initial resistance to Caesar was completely because of his strange body reaction making him feel very uncomfortable. But after eating the tablet, his body has returned to normal, Caesar's strong Alpha aura shouldn't cause too much Impact. It's just… looking at his deep eyes made Lin Yuan feel uncomfortable again.
Lin Yuan invited Caesar into his bedroom, pointed to the stool and said: "Sit here."
Caesar sat down on the stool, placed the five-star fruit on the table, and looked at Lin Yuan: "Wanna try some?"
Lin Yuan scratched his head: "Ah …….”
He's always had a big appetite since childhood, as a child, he habitually stole Lin Yao's cakes, and got beaten to a pulp whenever she caught him. Looking at this strange fruit, Lin Yuan was naturally very curious, he cautiously walked to Caesar, picked up a five-star fruit and asked: "How do you eat it?"
Caesar smiled and took the fruit from his hand. “I'll teach you.”
The boy's slender fingers moved to the middle of the five-star fruit and he pulled gently, the hard silver shell immediately spilt with a small hole, Caesar gave the fruit back to Lin Yuan: "Peel the shell from here, then eat the flesh inside."
“Oh.” Lin Yuan took over, carefully stripped the shell halfway and stuck out his tongue to taste a bit. The sweet and sour taste suddenly filled his mouth, it almost tasted like his favorite fruit, strawberry, but it was more cool and delicious than strawberries.
“……. It's nice!” Lin Yuan made an evaluation of the taste then finished the fruit. Then he picked up another, peeled it and ate. And then he picked up another one, and quickly swallowed it.
One, two, three, four…
Caesar: “…”
Why does this guy eat like a squirrel?
Hobby: “…”
The master forgot to leave one for me!
Five-star fruit are only the size of a child's palm, for the foodie Lin Yuan, all the fruit was just enough for one serving. Lin Yuan ignored Hobby and Caesar's complex eyes, and finished off all the fruit. He held himself back from licking his lips and looked at Caesar: “This fruit is Cepheus' specialty? I've never seen it before. ”
Caesar nodded and said: “This fruit only grows in Starfield Planet. The fruit trees are silver and white, and the five-star fruit glows at night, so it looks like the tree is covered with stars."
Lin Yuan was curious: “That sounds cool, I wanna see it.”
“There may be a chance in the future.” Caesar paused, “Right, I still have a lot of specialty products from Cepheus, you interested?"
“…..There's more?”
Looking at the boy’s shiny eyes, Caesar couldn't help but smile: “Come on, see for yourself."
He suddenly felt that Queen Anna's food meddling was good judgement.
For example, when persuading a 'foodie', a thousand words are not as effective as a few fruit.
Caesar took Lin Yuan to the dining room. Brian was eating dinner, his black eye looked very bleak. When he saw Lin Yuan, he smiled and waved: “Heya roomie! I didn't introduce myself right? My name is Brian, a Military Engineering student … oh right, sorry I rubbed your hair last time. It's just because you look like my…”
“Cough.” Caesar quickly coughed and gave Brian a meaningful glance.
Brian immediately swallowed his 'my clumsy pet bear' and cleverly changed it to: “You look like my cousin! I felt really close to you when I saw you!”
Caesar: “…”
He always knew that Brian didn't have the word 'tact' in his vocabulary.
“Hello.” Lin Yuan stretched out his hand and shook Brian's hand, smiled and said, “I'm Lin Yuan."
Brian had just petted his head and Lin Yuan had immediately punched at him. His body was in some weird state, so he'd instinctively feared being close to Alphas and had overreacted.
Now in retrospect, Lin Yuan also felt very embarrassed. Brian had just touched his head, it was probably only playfulness. Since they were roommates and had to live together for three years, Lin Yuan didn't want to make their relationship too stiff.
Lin Yuan smiled a 'let bygones be bygones' smile to Brian
Fortunately, Brian didn't hold a grudge, he wore Snow's hand delivered black eye and continued cheerfully eating.
Caesar pulled a stool out for Lin Yuan and pointed to the pile of food on the table: “These are the specialty foods my parents sent, I can't eat them all by myself. All the kitchen cabinets are filled, everyone can take what they like."
“…….” Lin looked at all the strange foods and gulped.
Hobby happily stretched out his claws and immediately grabbed a box of his favorite cheese.
Lin Yuan felt mortified by Hobby’s boldness. Fortunately, Caesar didn't mind, he gently touched Hobby's ear and said: “This is Gera's favorite cheese. There's a lot here so feel free to take as much as you like."
Lin Yuan looked at Hobby, who was tearing away at the cheese's packaging, then gave Caesar an embarrassed smiled: “Thank you."
Caesar smiled and said: “We're roommates from now on, we don't have to be so polite with each other.”
Lin Yuan suddenly felt that Caesar's smile looked more charming than before?
But he was right, they're roommates, although he didn't want to offend these pure blooded Alpha, Caesar and Brian's temperaments were good, they weren't arrogant and domineering, so …….
So it's okay to get along with them and become friends, right?
Thinking of this, Lin Yuan was relieved, he didn't need to walk on eggshells around these Alphas. So Lin Yuan bluntly picked up some interesting looking foods off the table, looked up and smiled: “Then I won't be so polite ah!”
Caesar said, “You're welcome. Don't hesitate to take more.”
Lin Yuan happily embraced a large pile of food and walked back to his bedroom.
When his back disappeared behind the door, Brian lowered his voice and meaningfully asked: “Hey, Caesar, why are you suddenly so good to him? Trying to buy him with food?"
Caesar glanced at Brian's black eye, "Because I don't want to be beaten every day ah."
Brian: “………………”
Caesar smiled, and pointed to Snow's room door: “Since you'll live together for three years, don't you think you need to improve your relationship with your roommate?
Brian: “………………”
Three minutes later, Brian was holding a box of five-star fruit and gently knocking on Snow's door, he smiled and said: “Snow, you in? Do you want some fruit? These are five-star fruits from my hometown, I brought some for you to try!"
The door opened.
Brian froze.
Snow had obviously just taken a bath, his
platinum
hair gently dropped by his ears, his hair was still dripping wet, his slender body was wrapped in a bathrobe and a slice of his smooth white skin was exposed. Some water dropped from his hair and ran down his delicate collarbone, sliding down towards his …….
Brian stared blankly at Snow.
Snow looked at the five-star fruit and said lightly: “I don't like this fruit, too sweet, thank you."
The door gently closed.
“…….” Brian touched his nose and walked frustratedly back to the dining room, he looked at Caesar and grumbled: “Why does he hate me so much? I swear I saw a look of despise. The look in his eyes says he wishes I am at least three meters away from him at all times!"
Caesar calmly said, "Didn’t he tell you this when he punched you? It's because he’s a neat freak."
“…….” Caesar’s words directly stabbed Brian. The 'dirty' Brian suffered a heavy blow and gloomily turned back to his bedroom.
You're avoiding me cause I’m dirty, right?
Well then! Snow!
Someday I’ll take you…
That’s it … then that way…
He thought of the cold-faced boy being overwhelmed, tightly clinging on to him, his red face desperately panting, crying, begging for release… Brian couldn't help but smile smugly.
After a moment, Brian’s smile suddenly stiffened!
Wait a minute!
This fantasy seems to be a bit lewd?
Oh my god! Why would he have such dangerous thoughts about a Beta boy? He must've eaten too many fruits so his brain was suddenly poisoned?
*****
So, Brian's inexplicable idea made his sleep restless.
A naked and ravaged Snow even appeared in his dreams, his cold face was blushing as he tightly held him, breathlessly calling his name, he was simply ……. way too tempting!Brian eagerly kissed the other man's body, leaving countless kiss marks on the man's white skin, he also lewdly thought: A blushing Snow looks way too good, his body is also super good, his waist is slim, and his legs are straight and long…
At the end of the dream, Snow suddenly clenched his fist and heartlessly punched Brian's face, he coldly said: "Classmate Brian, I'm a neat freak, please stay away from me."
Brian: “…”
The awakened Brian clutched his still sore eyes and ran to the bathroom for a cold shower, exterminating his desires. Then, with a gloomy expression like the world was ending, he sat on the end of his bed and bowed his head.
– Damn, I actually had a wet dream, and it was about my new roommate!
– Is the world actually ending?
After a long while, Brian fiddled with the sky blue watch on his wrist, pressed a small button and whispered: "Little Blue, come out!”
“…”
“Come out! Do you want me to use you for scrap?”
“…”
That aperture finally lit up and reluctantly became a smart robot a head taller than Brian. He hung his head and softly said: “Can you change my name…….”
Don't you think 'Little Blue' as a name for a huge machine armor is unfortunate?
Brian raised an eyebrow, "Why are you dissatisfied? You were my debut robot, I racked my brain to give you such a nice name!"
“…”
Is 'Little Blue' nice? Isn't it because my whole body is blue, so you called me Little Blue?
Brian’s second armor was red and called Little Red. The third was yellow, called Little Yellow. The fourth was black and white ……. called Zebra.
Even as an emotionless machine, he really wanted to cry in sympathy for his brothers. Compared to His Majesty Trent's Lion King, Marshal Rosen's Black Dragon, General Lin Yu's
Suzaku
… Little Red, Little Blue and Little Yellow as armor names is too disgraceful!
In the middle of a fight, the fighters begin to summon their mech, then you hear one loudly shout: “Come out Little Blue!”
… Wouldn't you burst into laughter?
Although he was only a D-class mech, and because Brian was only 13 when he made him, he was low level and had obvious flaws, so he can't be used for fights and could only stay with Brian as a smart robot (aka Full-time nanny). But Little Blue felt that with such a master, he really wanted to hold his armor brothers and weep!
Brian didn't care about his armor's inner turmoil, he smiled and said: “I'm going to become the Empire's greatest mech maker, as the first robot I personally crafted, you should feel honored!” Brain glanced at the laser wrench by his bedside, "If it's so bad I can always dismantle you."
“…” Little Blue obediently bowed his head: “Master, is there something you need me for?”
Brian touched his nose and said a little sheepishly: “Cough, I need some statistics. What are the probabilities of an Alpha male falling in love with a Beta male at first sight."
Little Blue's CPU immediately began to gather statistics, he announced the results: “Master, the probability is as low as an impossible event, the exact probability is 0.00001%."
Brian was relieved, he immediately gave a relaxed smile, “Oh, good, with such a low probability it clearly can't have happened to me. K' then, back to sleep. You can go back in."
“…”
“By the way, help me with this damn black eye.”
“…”
The black-eye less Brian went back to sleep, finally in a good mood, and had a dream-less sleep.
When he woke up the next day he bathed and walked out the door, and met Snow exiting his bedroom.
Snow was wearing dark blue trousers today, his pants wrapped his straight legs. He also wore a simple white shirt, an open button revealed his white neck. His shirt was tucked into his trousers, and his waist was tied with a black belt, making his slender and symmetrical body look flawless.
Snow was holding on to the white coat medical students need to wear. Even such a simple shirt and dress pants outfit could make Brian’s eyes light up.
Really … really nice…
Although he was a little thin, his slender waist and long legs make anything he wears look nice ah!
When Snow looked at him, Brian couldn't help blushing a bit after recalling last night’s dream. He scratched his golden hair, smiled and said: “Snow ……. you're up early?”
Snow walked by him, stopped and looked up, then quietly said: "It's 7:50, almost late."
And then he walked past Brian, turned and walked out the door.
“…”
Brian looked down at the time…
I'm really late!
Brain had to skip breakfast and hurriedly put on his uniform.
Disguised as a watch on his wrist, Little Blue couldn't help but be puzzled: “Should I tell master, the moment he saw Snow, his heart rate suddenly accelerated greatly?"
……. Uh, forget it, maybe the master's heart rate is like his IQ- abnormal.
—————————————————–
Chapter 14: Military Academy Training
Brian hastily changed into his uniform and reported to the engineering school building. At the same time, Lin Yuan and Caesar arrived at the military command department's new student venue.
Caesar was wearing a dark blue uniform, his slender and upright stature, angular and handsome appearance, as well as his pure blooded Alpha aura soon attracted the attention of the other students.
His uniformed look plus his upright walk really showed the inspiring temperament of a solider.
And Lin Yuan, who was walking by his side and wearing the same uniform, had a completely different style.
A clear-eyed Asian teenager, only 5ft 8- a height that was relatively short in the military- and he was also much thinner. But strangely, with his bright smile, he actually didn't seem inferior walking next to Caesar's strong atmosphere.
The boy's smile was full of the vitality of an 18-year-old youth, optimistic and vibrant, full of morale, as if there were no problems that could knock him down.
When the two men arrived at the rendezvous point, the students were gathering and chatting in pairs of twos and threes.
Yesterday, everyone had received a general report about the list of 50 students in the class. Half of the class' students were Alpha and the other half were Beta. The total population only had 15% Alpha, yet 50% of the military command section were Alpha. This was because San Romia Military Academy had too many noble children and descendants of military families. If this was a general university, it was rare for a class to have more than four or five Alpha.
It was ten minutes to eight o’clock, Lin Yuan found a corner to stand and bowed to tidy his uniform.
The students’ uniform at San Romia Military Academy was dark blue, the boots and belts were pure black, and their silver cap was printed with wings of an eagle. As students of the military academy, they were less than regular soldiers, so there was only one small Silver Star on their shoulder. After graduation, if they have good results, they could be upgraded to second lieutenant, and assigned to a small platoon…….
Like Rosen, after graduation he was promoted to major, three years to colonel, and in ten years he become Commander-in-chief. In the entire history of San Romia military academy, his promotion speed was unique. So Lin Yuan really admired that man, he even put him as his idol and his goal.
Although it was impossible for a Beta to reach the height of Marshal Rosen, he wanted his goal to be a little challenging. If his goal was only a lieutenant, it would be too boring.
Lin Yuan was thoughtfully sorting out his uniform cuffs when a tall boy suddenly stopped in front of him, he raised his eyebrows at Lin Yuan and coldly said: “Hey, are you the Lin Yuan that scored 300 points?”
After over-hearing this, the surrounding students immediately stared at Lin Yuan.
Lin Yuan looked up to the pair of dark red eyes.
The boy must be an unknown half-breed offspring, he was tall and had bronze skin, a pair of red eye pupils, and at the moment, his pair of red eyes were staring at Lin Yuan, full of disdain.
The boy looked up and down at the half a head shorter black haired boy, then slightly raised his chin, folded his arms and said: “I thought you were an Alpha, but incredibly, you were a Beta ah?"
Lin nodded: “Ay, I'm a Beta.”
The boy coldly asked, “Where are you from?”
Lin said: “Rennes planet.”
The boy raised his eyebrows: “Rennes planet…. that's that desolate planet where even plants can't grow cause it's so cold?"
Lin Yuan nodded and said: “Yeah, but the snow is very beautiful. If you're ever free to visit it, I'll be your tour guide."
Boy: “…”
Lin Yuan stretched out his hand toward the boy and gave him as friendly smile: “I'm Lin Yuan, you?"
Boy: “…”
Can’t you see I’m here to pick a fight?
Lin Yuan ignored the boy's fierce stare and continued smiling at him, his hand stayed out-stretched in place.
Under the students' variety of complex stares, the red eyed boy finally felt a bit embarrassed and reached out to grip Lin Yuan's hand, then stiffly said: “I'm ……. I'm Baker."
Lin Yuan gave a pure and harmless laugh: “Oh, Baker. Nice to meet you."
“Uh uh…….” Baker beat a speedy retreat.
Lin Yuan pulled his hand back to his side and continued calmly tidying up his uniform.
But his heart couldn't help but think, Baker…….
Shell
! That's an easy name to remember! Tall and big, but unfortunately, his IQ seems to be inversely proportional to his body. First day in school and he tried to provoke a man he knows nothing about, if he kicked an iron plate, wouldn't he be miserable?
Fortunately, Lin Yuan's family background was simple and he wasn't one to hold grudges, plus, he was too lazy to bother with bullies.
This class' pure blooded Alpha population was too much, obviously some may be royal family or descendants of Generals, who knows who you could accidentally provoke. Shell was clearly a muscled and simple-minded guy, not to mention he was a Beta. His simple thought process was hard to understand, but he'd caused Lin Yuan to attract the crowd's gazes.
Feeling the gaggle of eyes pointing at him, Lin Yuan had no choice but to pretend to fix his uniform.
At eight o'clock, a tall woman, wearing a pure black dress uniform, her short hair completely covered by the cap, stepped out valiantly in her military boots. She stopped in front of the students, her sharp eyes swept the audience, then she loudly said: "Line-up according to student number!”
The fifty people immediately consciously arranged in a row by their student number.
Lin Yuan’s school number was 59800049, Caesar's was 59800050, they were next to each other.
Seeing them quickly organize themselves, the woman gave a satisfied nod and said: “I'll first introduce myself. I'm Irene, your class teacher, you can call me Instructor Irene for these three years. I will be supervising you fifty students, of course, if you have any learning or life difficulties, you can come to me!"
“I need to tell you all that the command section has a very strict elimination system. If you want to stay in the command section for a smooth graduation, you must be qualified in each of your courses! The qualification line is 80 points. At the end of each school year, students who do not qualify on the assessments will need to repeat!”
Irene finished speaking and a burst of discussion noises sounded.
“Did I hear it right? 80 points to qualify?”
“There's no mistake ah? What a messed up system!”
Student Baker bravely raised his hand and asked: "Instructor! How many points is the full score? Is it 150 points?"
Irene frowned: "Out of 100 points, 80 points to qualify, is there a problem?"
Everyone: “……………………”
Irene coldly surveyed the crowd, “Remember, you are military command students, in the future, it's assumed that you'll have very important command responsibility! Whether you're commanding a small warship, a pioneer battalion, or a whole army, as a commander, one of your mistakes will likely cause all of your men to die along with you! Therefore, every course is at least 80 points to pass. This is the school's most basic requirements, your goal should be to get full scores every time! In this year’s military admissions test, your class had two students who got full scores! I believe that as long as you work hard, passing the tests will not be a problem. I also believe that among you 50 students, a future General for the Imperial Army will appear!"
Irene paused, looked at the young people, and said: "Tell me, do you have confidence?"
“……I have!”
“Louder!”
“I have!”
Irene's words inspired the hot-blooded young people, sweeping away their haze and pumping them up.
Irene nodded her head, "Excellent! Every General started as regular soldiers, so, starting today, you will formally become part of the imperial army. First lesson, learn a military officer’s posture!”
Irene's eyes quickly swept the queue of 50 students, “59800049, 59800050, out!”
– She'd called out Lin Yuan and Caesar.
*****
Lin Yuan and Caesar walked side by side to the front of the queue.
Irene looked at the two and said: “You two students' standing posture was very standard. Stand in front of the queue and give the students a demonstration!"
“Yes, Instructor!”
They stood together, Caesar, tall and straight, he indeed had the momentum of the military. Lin Yuan, although a head shorter, also stood upright under the sun's irradiation.
Irene walked behind the two, then walked back to the students and said: “Like the two students, look up, chest, abdomen, hands and fingers close, the middle finger close to the seam of your pants. The standard military standing posture!"
Irene talked while inspecting the queue.
“Afterwards, no matter who you're with, as long as you're wearing this uniform, stand upright. That is the soldier's most basic posture! Use your spirit, don't stand like a wet noodle!”
Irene walked the queue from the beginning to the end, bluntly adjusting any poor postures.
Under the strict teacher, fifty people soon stood like a row of evenly spaced straight, neat flagpoles.
Irene nodded with satisfaction, and said, “Good, stand like that while I talk. I won't repeat myself, so pay attention!"
“First, all professional students, starting from this afternoon, need a month of military training. All the military training instructors will teach you military etiquette, rules and regulations. There will be an assessment at the end, I hope you seriously study, don't slack off!”
“Second, I will send a card to each person as your proof of identity. Your monthly living allowance, the various competition prizes and annual scholarships will be bound to this card. This card can be used for shopping and consumption. It can also be used to take out library books and a variety of equipment rental, please carefully keep it!"
“Third, in three months our Emperor will set up the 700th anniversary celebration of Cepheus galaxy's founding. Starfield Planet will carry out a large-scale celebration. This year’s top 10 students in the machine armor fighting competition can represent the school in Starfield and participate in the National Finals. They will also have the opportunity to personally meet His Majesty Trent! 10 places, I hope you can try to win them!"
“At two o’clock this afternoon, the Central Hall will hold the military oath ceremony, every student must attend!”
“All right, here's the final announcement. Since this is your first standing practice…” Irene looked down at her watch and calmly said: "Stand for at least an hour!”
Time ticked along, ten minutes, half an hour, an hour……
The group of people stood quietly, after the initial boldness, their faces gradually grew restless.
The weather on Army Star was very hot, and today was an excellent sunny day. The rays of the sun went uninterrupted and made everyone feel like they were in a huge stove.
Lin Yuan was sweating furiously, his leg muscles gradually stiffened. He took a deep breath to adjust his heartbeat, and glanced out the corner of his eye to the boy standing behind him. Caesar still looked easy going, as if he was lying on the sofa watching TV instead of in the military posture.
“…….” Lin Yuan clenched his teeth and continued to stick his spine straight.
Suddenly a girl's shocked voice shouted: "Instructor, someone fainted!”
The dizzy one was a Beta girl, her physique wasn't the best and the continuous stand finally tired her out. She paled and directly went down. Irene arranged two robotic assistants to send the girl to the infirmary, walked back to the queue and said: “I'm just testing your endurance, don't force yourself! If you're tired, go back to the pavilion to rest!"
Her voice faded and a Beta left, dejected, and sat down in the pavilion, he was quickly followed by another Beta. Obviously, an hour of exposure under the sun made many people reach their physical limit.
Gradually, almost all the Beta left, even a lot of Alpha couldn't hold on.
Irene glanced at the time, it's been a full hour and a half.
And that number 49, small Beta Lin Yuan, was actually still there, standing motionlessly.
The boy's spine was very straight and his black eyes were full of firmness and self-confidence. His heart seemed to have a strange belief, as long as he had faith in himself, he would never retreat.
As a Beta, his natural gene will never be as excellent as an Alpha's, his physical abilities will be less than an Alpha's, but he was relying on this belief to force himself to support his body.
Irene thoughtfully looked at the boy's black hair.
This child … is also an Asian descendent…
One of the students who got full marks on the examination, was actually a Beta…….
Lin Yuan and Caesar stood in front of the class, so they didn't know about the situation behind them. Lin Yuan couldn't see that after the people had left the queue, only five Alpha were left!
Lin Yuan’s head was in a completely blank state at the moment.
He felt dizzy, was pouring sweat and his heartbeat was becoming faster and faster. His chest felt like a heavy stone was pressing on it, every breath was becoming extremely difficult. His lips were cracked, his throat was too dry ….
… I can't lose to Caesar!
Caesar was his roommate, they'd been called to the front by the instructor to give a demonstration. Caesar’s expression looked so easy, if he admitted defeat, everyone in the dormitory would look down on him. Moreover, as a soldier, standing still should be simple, he must insist!
With this simple idea, Lin Yuan persisted to his present condition. He had no idea that his performance had already made several Alpha clench their teeth.
– This little Beta, is simply a Beta monster!
He's been standing for so long but still won't admit defeat, as Alpha, how can they give up to a Beta?
So, while the four Alpha behind were gnashing their teeth at him, Lin Yuan continued to stand. An Alpha named Karl thoughtfully looked at the 5ft 8 young man and slightly smiled.
After an unknown amount of time, Lin Yuan felt that he was approaching his limit. He began to see black spots, his head was buzzing, and his legs were gently trembling.
At this time, Caesar suddenly looked at Lin Yuan, then decisively turned and withdrew from the competition.
“…”
Hey? Did he withdraw?
Lin Yuan looked to his side, puzzled.
Caesar really had left.
Since Caesar went back, Lin Yuan also didn't need to try to be brave, he directly turned and walked to the pavilion.
His physical fitness was clearly at its limit, and his heart was almost bursting. He was soaked wet and his white skin was flushed. The view in front of him constantly shook, and his legs were stiff, as if they were not his legs. Every step was like stepping on cotton…….
Lin Yuan took a deep breath and pushed himself to slowly walk to the pavilion, found a step to sit down on, and opened his mouth to gulp down air desperately.
Suddenly, a hand stretched out to him, slender fingers holding a bottle of water.
Lin Yuan raised his head and met Caesar's deep eyes.
The boy's mood seemed to be a bit complicated, he looked deeply at Lin Yuan and softly said: “……. Here…for you."
Caesar handed the water to Lin Yuan, then sat down next to him.
Lin Yuan was terribly thirsty, his throat felt like it was on fire, so he didn't hesitate to take the water and drink a few mouthfuls. He licked his lips and found a sweet taste, the water should have added nutrients. After a lot of sweating, this water would ensure that the body stayed in metabolic balance.
Half a bottle of water later, his body finally felt much better. The dull feeling on his chest gradually disappeared, and breathing became easier.
Lin Yuan felt very touched by his roommate's thoughtfulness, he looked back to Caesar and said: “Thank you."
“No problem.” Caesar saw the boy’s sparkling eyes then looked away, he mumbled: “….Dummy.”
“…….” Lin Yuan drank the rest of water and pondered: What did Caesar just say? Idiot? Who is he scolding?
——————————————————
Chapter 015: Karl
Caesar, of course, was calling Lin Yuan an idiot. As a Beta, he'd actually tried to compete with an Alpha in physical fitness, even putting on a "If you don't quit, I won't quit” posture. When Caesar saw that he was about to pass out, he could only withdraw from the competition.
Thinking of this, Caesar couldn't help but glance back at the young man –
The boy's white skin was tanned red, because of the excessive sweat, his military uniform was tightly attached to his body, making his body look thinner. His waist looked like it could be circled by a single arm, his black ink like hair clung wetly to his ear, and his clear black eyes shined like a starry night.
Caesar couldn't help but admire the guy’s perseverance in his heart, but he just quietly changed topic: “Lin Yuan, in the military entrance exam, how did you get full marks?"
He'd always wanted to ask this question. Every year, the exam had two theoretical exams, it wasn't strange to memorize all the topic points. But there were also practical exams, including exams testing basic intelligent armor control, simulating piloting miniature warships, virtual combat training in three events, all on the exam's dedicated network.
It's not easy to get a full score on so many diverse subjects.
So, when Caesar had learned that this year's Command Department had a guy named Lin Yuan who'd also scored full marks, he was very surprised. He'd thought that Lin Yuan was from a military family, he didn't expect he was a civilian born in the desolate Cigar galaxy, and also a Beta – it was too incredible.
After hearing Caesar's question, Lin Yuan scratched his head, embarrassed. He leaned over to Caesar’s ear and whispered: “Actually, on the theory test, there were two questions I didn't know the answer to, so I just guessed them. Then they turned out to be correct."
“…….” Caesar looked at the sincerity in his eyes, then helplessly asked: “And the practical exam?"
Lin Yuan smiled: "The practical exam wasn't difficult. Armor operation only tested C-class mech and I usually play a battle simulator online, so it was easy to pass. The piloting was similar, I dedicated a month in online training for those tests. As for the final tactical exam…….” Lin Yuan tilted his head and thought,” This year's test was to sneak a pioneer battalion into an enemy camp. I first sent in a reconnaissance ship to monitor, found that they were staging an ambush, so I made them try to detour, but it turned out to be an ambush ring, trying to sneak in would lead to annihilation. Obviously, this was a deliberate trap set by the examiner. Since going in would lead to death, I ordered my troops to withdraw."
Lin Yuan said with excitement: "I didn't expect that doing that would get me a full score.”
Caesar: “…”
Looking at the boy's happiness, Caesar couldn't help but feel some complex emotions.
The purpose of the test was to examine the candidate’s ability to observe and critical decision-making ability. Destroying the enemy camp wasn't the purpose of the test, it was to accurately determine the pros and cons of the situation and calculate the chances of successful infiltration. A quick retreat to avoid unnecessary solider death would get you a full mark.
This guy…
Was this self-defeating good luck, or natural military talent?
Caesar suddenly felt more interested in the young man beside him.
What a weird Beta!
After standing for so long, most of the students were wet noodles, lying down weakly, yet after drinking a bottle of water to restore his physical strength, Lin Yuan had immediately become vibrant again, his big black eyes were shiny, his mouth was curved up ……. his appearance made people ……. not want to look away.
Caesar stared at Lin Yuan.
Lin Yuan was bewildered by his staring, he scratched his head, puzzled, then turned his head away.
At this time, a tall boy suddenly walked over, looked at Lin Yuan, smiled and reached out his hand: “You're called Lin Yuan, right? I'm Karl."
The boy named Karl had a pair of light blue eyes and long, flowing platinum blonde hair tied in braid. The handsome boy didn't look like a righteous soldier in his military uniform, but like a celebrity, and he looked very gentlemanly when he smiled.
This boy was also an Alpha, but the usual oppressive Alpha aura was very light on his body, obviously, in order not to pressure others, he'd deliberately converged his pheromones, and had on a very friendly and cordial smile.
Lin Yuan was touched by his smile, he couldn't help but reach out and shake his hand: “Hello."
Karl withdrew his hand and sat down next to Lin Yuan, he spoke softly, “Is your hometown in Rennes? I have an uncle over there.”
Lin Yuan was surprised: "For real? Is your uncle a soldier?"
Planet Rennes didn't have much aboriginal residents, most of the residents were soldiers and miners sent to mine and monitor the mining of resources. Karl was elegant, and his speech was very aristocratic, so his uncle should be a military officer on Rennes.
Lin Yuan was thinking this, but Karl softly said: “No, my uncle is a doctor, he's called Fornt."
Lin Yuan's eyes widened in shock, “Really? Dr. Fornt?!”
Karl nodded and looked at Lin Yuan in surprise, "Yeah? Do you know him?"
Lin Yuan immediately nodded, excited: “Of course I know him! Dr. Fornt lives next door to us!”
“Really? What a coincidence. I haven’t seen him for a long time, is he okay?”
“He's in good health, he even insists on running 5 miles every morning. He also opened up a private hospital."
“… Sounds good,” Karl smiled, "This holiday, my parents and I planned to go visit Uncle Fornt, when we go, can I visit you?"
Lin Yuan immediately bumped his chest and said: “No problem, come to my house to play. I'll be your tour guide."
The two people began to chat eagerly.
About the snow on Rennes planet, about Dr. Fornt's activities, and even about Dr. Fornt's pet puppy.
Caesar listened to their chatting, slightly frowning.
Lin Yuan met this guy named Karl and just left him hanging. Although, after meeting a "nephew of an acquaintance”, it's normal to have more familiar topics to chat about, but ……. What is this feeling of discomfort?
Caesar felt inexpiably gloomy!
Because of his unhappiness, Caesar’s expression was serious as he coldly sat next to Lin Yuan, silent.
Karl was undoubtedly a very talkative person and Lin Yuan didn't feel any pressure chatting with him. When the topic was about to go into his childhood, Lin Yuan suddenly remembered that he had someone else sitting with him……. his roommate.
They were the only three people in the corner, and he was chatting with Karl happily while he'd left Caesar hanging. Not good. Lin Yuan quickly smiled, pointed to his cold faced roommate and said: “Right, let me introduce you two. This is my roommate, he's also in the Command Department."
Karl looked at Caesar, slightly smiled and reached out his hand, “Hello, Karl.”
Caesar shook his hand and faintly said: “Caesar."
Karl withdrew his hand and promptly ignored Caesar, he continued chatting with Lin Yuan: “What's your dorm room number?"
Lin Yuan replied: “A13.”
“No kidding? You're next door to me,” Karl paused. “You have two students who are not in the command department, right?”
Lin Yuan was surprised: "How do you know?”
Karl smiled: “There are 50 students in the command department, 13 rooms, A01 to A13. Your room is the last one, except for you and Caesar in this department, the other two should be in another profession, right?”
“…….” Lin Yuan froze. He suddenly understood why Brian and Snow could be in their room. The 12 dorms had 48 command students, in the last one, except for him and Caesar, there would be two extra bedrooms. So naturally, students from other professions were transferred over.
Lin nodded and said, “Yes, there's a medical and engineering department student.”
Karl smiled and said: “Sure enough.
Caesar heard this conversation and couldn't help but slightly frown.
– This dormitory arrangement wasn't a coincidence.
When he'd entered the school yesterday, the principal had personally met him and the Royal Guards and asked him if he needed any help. Caesar had proposed to change his dormitory because he'd wanted to live with Brian.
He and Brian grew up together, they were best friends. They would get along better than with total strangers, and with Caesar's identity as a Prince and Brian's identity as a General's son, the two could take care of each other and also keep their secrets.
So the principal had directly transferred the two to A13 dormitory.
Caesar had also asked the principal to transfer Lin Yuan over because he'd scored full marks. Caesar had wanted to get to know the other student who'd scored full marks, so he'd thought living together was a good choice. As for Snow, he was a real random student. The medical department was overstuffed this year, so Snow, as a late check-in, was randomly assigned to their A13 dormitory.
Because of these circumstances, A13 made Lin Yuan, Caesar, Brian, and Snow roommates.
This kind of dormitory transfer was harmless. Caesar had only mentioned a simple request, and his tone was humble and courteous, so the principal had naturally agreed and immediately re-arranged the dormitory list.
Unexpectedly, Carl had suddenly deduced that the 13th dormitory was strange.
Does he know that Lin Yuan was originally supposed to live in A12, and be his roommate?
Caesar turned around, and met Karl's smiling eyes.
They looked at each other for three seconds, then simultaneously looked away.
Karl gave Lin Yuan a gentle smile: "Wanna get lunch together?"
Lin immediately nodded, “Okay!”
Lin Yuan was very happy to meet Dr. Fornt’s nephew in such a faraway planet. Thinking of Dr. Fornt, his heart felt very soft. He'd never known his father and Dr. Fornt had always cared for him like a father. He felt that Dr. Fornt’s nephew was naturally like his own brother.
Looking at Lin Yuan and Karl smiling happily at each other, Caesar’s unhappy mood actually doubled!
– What the hell is wrong with this Lin Yuan? Why does he always look alert when he sees me and avoid my eyes when he talks to me, yet gives Karl a bright smile, treating him kindly like they're old friends?
– I … am I inferior to Karl?
Chapter 16: The Prince's Strange Feelings
The morning session soon finished. After a two hour military posture training and an hour long nightmarish intensive training, the command section students felt exhausted and hungry. Instructor Irene dismissed the students and they immediately rushed toward the canteen.
Fortunately, the school’s canteen was very large, so the lines were not long. The entire canteen had five floors, and each layer had a lot of seats, so as long as you brushed the magnetic card at the door, the canteen food was easily accessible. Lin Yuan had never seen so many delicious foods, his eyes lit up, he circled the first floor of the cafeteria with a plate, heaping on food.
Seeing the plate about to spill over, Lin Yuan finally turned around to find a seat.
Karl also came up to him, looked at Lin Yuan's mountain of food, then back at his own plate with two simple dishes and a soup. He couldn't help but smile: “You can eat that much?"
Lin Yuan also looked at his pile, he scratched his head, embarrassed: “I can finish it."
He was small, but his appetite was great. At home, he was always able to finish off his sister’s big cakes, so Lin Yuan was quite confident about his own appetite. But facing Karl's amused look, and looking at the difference in food, Lin Yuan felt shy and couldn't help but blush.
Caesar was passing through and saw Karl and Lin Yuan sitting together, casually eating. Karl was smiling and looking at Lin Yuan, and Lin Yuan was blushing, his head lowered ……. this scene, for some reason, made him feel a bit irritated.
Moreover, he'd deliberately walked around in front of Lin Yuan, but Lin Yuan actually didn't notice him!
Caesar frowned, found a corner to sit down, and while eating, he glanced at Lin Yuan's table from time to time, observing. After a while, he suddenly felt something was wrong – Why was a dignified prince sitting in a corner, staring at his roommate? This ……. this must be because his father had ordered him to deliberately have a good relationship with Lin Yuan.
Yes, because of his father's order, he was more concerned about Lin Yuan.
Caesar grasped at a reason, quickly finished up his lunch, and decisively left the canteen.
Karl also finished his lunch, but Lin Yuan's plate was only half done.
The canteen's dishes were really delicious, so Lin Yuan was contentedly eating, immersed in enjoying the delicious food. He didn't notice that Karl was gently looking at him, as if he was watching a small animal eat.
……. The way this guy eats is quite cute.
Karl couldn't help thinking.
His head was lowered, carefully focusing on the food, shoving food in his mouth like a small squirrel, it was kind of fascinating watching him it. Obviously, the food was very common, yet he was eating so contentedly, he really was an easy going guy.
Seeing Lin Yuan finally finish his plate of food, Karl smiled and handed him a handkerchief. Lin Yuan took it, wiped his mouth, and gently hiccupped.
The two people put the tableware on the conveyor belt, and left the canteen, heading towards the dormitory.
When they were approaching the dormitory, Karl suddenly stopped and spoke seriously: “Lin Yuan.”
Lin looked at him, puzzled. “Ah?”
“You have two Alpha roommates?”
Lin nodded. “Yup, Caesar and one called Brian."
Karl was silent for a moment, then he lowered his voice: “I don’t know if I should say this … but the identity of your two roommates is not simple, you better ……. don't get too close to them, so you don't get yourself into trouble."
Lin Yuan was startled, he was silent for a while, then nodded and said: “I know."
He knew that he was just an ordinary Beta, his family background was simple, and his genes were inferior to Alpha. Plus, he'd never intended to curry favor with the noble Alpha.
However, Karl's blunt warning made Lin Yuan’s heart feel uncomfortable.
They were the same students, but because of their different blood, there was such an awkward hierarchy.
This ​​discrimination was here from since the empire was founded hundreds of years ago, and was deeply rooted in the minds of many. Alpha genes were superior, born with advantages. There were many Alpha worshipers, and some of the more extreme Alpha chauvinists believed that society should be completely ruled by Alpha.
Beta were very mediocre, they made up most of the social working class, and as for the military, the top major players were almost all Alpha. Even when a Beta had excellent performance, promotion was very difficult.
Omega were even more miserable, because of their strong fertility, in order to support population growth, Omega were completely stripped off their human rights. From an early age, they were under governmental control, and their so-called marriage was just gene pool matching. Many Omega were married off before even seeing the other's face.
Although, because the system matched them, their genes have a high degree of compatibility, and their offspring were the best. However, the marriages had no feelings as a foundation, this type of compulsory match for reproduction……. completely ignored their humanity, simply treating them as a tool to cultivate offspring!
Lin Yuan always felt indignant at this, when can this situation change?
Fortunately, he was not an Omega, otherwise, if he was inexplicably matched to a strange Alpha and expected to produce children, he would feel terrible for the rest of his life…….
Lin Yuan shook his fist, and looked up into Karl's deep eyes.
Karl smiled, stretched out his hand and gently placed it on Lin Yuan's shoulder: “Don't worry, if you have any difficulties you can find me, I'll try to help you. I should be older than you, right? Think of me as a good older brother."
Karl really gave off the temperament of a brother, his smile was very gentle and cordial. Lin Yuan couldn't help but smile when faced with his kind eyes, he nodded and said: “I know discretion. It'll be okay, Karl."
***
Lin Yuan went back to the dormitory and met Caesar coming out from his bedroom. He'd apparently just taken a bath. He was wearing a white bathrobe, and it was opened enough to reveal his beautiful chest muscles at a glance, his slender, strong legs poked out under the robe. This figure was the advantage of being an Alpha, and since Caesar was just wearing a bathrobe, his Alpha pheromone was more concentrated.
Seeing Lin Yuan, Caesar took the initiative to say hello: “You just came back?"
“Yup.”
After meeting Caesar's eyes, Lin Yuan quickly looked away and turned toward his bedroom.
Caesar looked at his sweaty military uniform, paused, then said: “You ……. should take a bath too. Wash your uniform with the automatic washing machine, it should dry in time."
Lin Yuan froze a moment, then looked down at his uniform, almost attached to his body with sweat. When he was chatting with Karl he hadn't noticed. It was a good idea to wash his uniform before his brief lunch break ended.
Caesar had kindly reminded him, so Lin Yuan looked back and smiled: “Thank you, I'll wash it."
“…….” Caesar's heart skipped a beat when he saw the boy's bright smile, when he woke up from his trance, Lin Yuan had already entered his bedroom and closed the door.
Since leaving Cepheus and coming to the academy, his body seemed to be strange. Not only did his nose repeatedly misjudge Lin Yuan and Snow as Omega, now even his body's Alpha pheromones were strangely fluctuating.
Caesar took a deep breath to steady his heart, then turned back into his bedroom.
The assembly was two o’clock in the afternoon, it was now 1:30. Lin Yuan quickly took a bath, threw his clothes into the washing machine, pressed the start button, and watched the washing machine begin its automatic cleaning work.
This fully automatic washing machine included a washing, drying and ironing function. As long as the clothes were put into it, it could directly be worn when it was done. Especially suits, uniforms and other materials that needed to be stiff, after washing and ironing, they came out neat and clean.
Lin Yu waited a while, but the washing machine suddenly stopped after turning a few times.
……What's going on? Is it broken?
The washing machine in his house wasn't so advanced, he didn't know how to use this high-tech machine. Lin Yuan hesitated for a moment, then decided to knock Snow's door. After knocking for a long time with no response, he concluded that Snow obviously wasn't in his bedroom.
Lin Yuan had to bite the bullet and knock on Caesar's door.
“Caesar, you in?”
“…….” Lin Yuan actually took the initiative to knock on his door? This was really unprecedented. Caesar was shocked, yet inexplicably somewhat happy. He immediately got down from his bed, and walked over to open the door: "What's wrong?
Lin Yuan scratched his head, embarrassed, and said: "Can you help me with my washing machine? It seems to be broken.”
Caesar followed Lin Yuan to his bathroom, looked at the state of the washing machine, and said: “There's no energy."
Because many planets couldn't build power stations, and even when they had them, the limited amount of energy resources couldn't guarantee the uninterrupted operation of large mech, so many of today’s machines operated on an internal energy box. In this type of washing machine, a common energy box could fuel it for a whole year, and advanced one could last longer. After installing an internal energy box, all electrical appliances could operate freely.
Energy boxes were made from the chemical processing of a variety of domestic waste and waste products. After use, it could be recycled and re-used, this not only helps save the planet's resources, it also protected the environment, so it served two purposes.
The energy of the washing machine must've inconveniently been exhausted.
Lin Yuan thought about that and said: “Why don’t I buy one now?”
Caesar looked at the time and said, “There's not enough time to buy a new one, the assembly is at two o’clock, you only have ten minutes. You put all your clothes in there?”
Lin Yu sighed in frustration, "Aye.”
In fact, he had only intended to take a bath, he hadn't planned to wash his uniform, but now he'd put his uniform into a washing machine that had no energy. The assembly was soon, he couldn't wear wet clothes.
Lin Yuan looked up at Caesar for help, Caesar quickly suggested: "Use my washing machine."
I was waiting for that sentence!
Lin Yuan immediately smiled and said: “Thank you!”
"…… You are welcome." Caesar opened the washing machine and took out Lin Yuan's uniform, suddenly, a small white cloth fell out. Caesar leaned over to pick it up, puzzled. He gave it a careful look:”……”
It was actually a pair of pure white…….underwear?
Caesar’s fingers suddenly stiffened.
Lin Yuan saw the underwear in his hand and his face immediately reddened, "This ……. This was accidentally dropped in! I just wasn't paying attention, uh, I obviously put it aside, how could it mix in…….”
Lin Yuan grabbed the underwear from Caesar's hand, the blush spreading to his ears.
… How embarrassing!
He really hadn't meant it, Lin Yuan had a habit of hand washing his underwear, he'd just accidentally thrown it in with the uniform in his haste.
He'd actually mixed his underwear and his shirt in the wash…….
Thinking of this, Lin Yuan awkwardly hung his head, even his neck was red.
Caesar looked at the glowing red teenager, like a boiled crab, then looked at the tightly clenched, pure white underwear in his hands. His face suddenly heat up in embarrassment, “Cough ……. I, I'll help you put your clothes in the washing machine……. You can come back and get it in 10 minutes."
Caesar finished this sentence and quickly left Lin Yuan’s bedroom.
It was too strange, when he was standing next to Lin Yuan in the steaming bathroom, he once again sensed Omega pheromones. And, looking at Lin Yuan's slender, beautiful neck, he'd had the sudden desire to perform the Alpha and Omega ceremony, biting the back of his neck to mark him. Not only did his heart rate pick up, even his cheeks heated up…….
His Alpha phenomes suddenly fluctuated, and he'd stuttered…….
What’s wrong with his body?
Chapter 17: Lieutenant Colonel Knox
San Romia Military Academy, Residential District, Room C017.
Irene took out a brand-new black uniform from the closet and handed it to the man behind her. The expressionless Colonel Knox took the uniform from his wife, while changing clothes he softly asked: "How was the morning training?”
Irene smiled and said: “This year's command section students' overall quality is much better than last year's. There are two students in particular who tested out with full marks, one of them is a Beta."
Knox, who tying his tie, slightly paused, he looked up at Irene, "Full marks? What's their names?”
Irene replied: “Caesar, and Lin Yuan.”
“Oh, the principal told me, Caesar is the fourth Prince, those test topics should be very simple for him, it's natural to get full marks. But, this Lin Yuan …….” Knox was puzzled, “You said he is a Beta?”
Irene nodded: “The data said he was Beta, his blood was also tested, he really is a Beta.”
Knox frowned lightly.
Irene saw his frown, and couldn't help but ask: “You're not ……. thinking of the General?"
Knox remained silent.
Irene softly said: “When the General enrolled in school, he also had full marks, and was also a Beta, but, after many years, we all found out that he'd injected himself with an inhibitor ….”
“The inhibitor has long been banned." Knox softly interrupted her, "The average person doesn't have the money or the sources to buy inhibitors, and now, all enrolled students need to conduct a serum test. Mixing into the academy with inhibitors is impossible, those events won't happen again."
Thinking of that person, Knox’s eyes suddenly flashed a trace of pain.
That year, if he had firmly stopped Rosen, and not let him into the cell, would the outcome had been different? The general wouldn't have been sentenced to house arrest, and because of his unwillingness to be under Rosen's watch, secretly steal the mech to escape Cepheus galaxy. Then he wouldn't have run into the storm and been buried in the interstellar ruins, even his body was lost.
But if he had prevented Rosen, would the General had tortured himself to madness in that dark cell? Or, would his strong will had helped him survive estrus, and then he would've been imprisoned in the military prison for life?
No matter what the outcome, they were all too cruel.
Knox only knew that he was an adjutant, yet he hadn't followed the last military order issued by his General.
– He'd failed the trust of the General.
After the Night Corps was forced to dissolve, Rosen had invited Knox to the Glory Corps, but Knox had refused. He went to the military academy with his wife, Irene, and became an ordinary instructor, he no longer intervened in any military affairs.
These past few years were too calm, Knox had almost forgotten the feeling of following General Ling Yu to the frontline, charging the enemy, his blood boiling in intense stimulation.
Knox took a deep breath, and continued to button his uniform.
Irene was silent for a moment, then she whispered: “I'm probably thinking too much, but, I feel that Lin Yuan looks a bit like him."
– The same white skin, black hair, clear eyes, as well as his firmness and self-confidence.
The difference was, Lin Yuan always had a smile, was optimistic, cheerful and full of energy, and Ling Yu was always silent, a loner, and hated when people got too close.
Although their characters were so different, Irene always saw the shadow of the General in Lin Yuan’s body. Probably the reason was their race, they had obvious features, black hair and obsidian black, clear eyes.
Seeing Knox walking towards the door, Irene woke up from her trance and quickly followed him.
***
Student Dormitory, A13.
Caesar took out the freshly washed uniform for Lin Yuan, Lin Yuan said a quick thanks and rushed to change his clothes. He carefully changed into his uniform, and walked out to find Caesar standing at the door, waiting for him.
Caesar saw Lin Yuan and said: “Come on, we're almost late.”
“…” You could've left first.
Lin Yuan had actually hoped Caesar would've left first, but Caesar had very loyally waited for his roommate.
Unlike when he was faced with Karl’s gentleness and cordiality, Lin Yuan always felt uncomfortable around Caesar. He didn't like to walk with him, didn't like to see him, basically, he didn't like being alone with him.
Caesar gave off a strange sense of oppression.
Every time Caesar looked at him, he felt like his heart was being pinched.
Probably, since Caesar was a pure-blooded Alpha, and a high-class one at that, his overbearing Alpha aura was too much for him?
They went out the room and met Karl leaving the next door A12 dormitory, he was followed by that red-headed, red-eyed big guy……. right, his name was Baker ……. Student Shell.
Lin Yuan remembered the big guy’s name and couldn't help but smile at him, Shell immediately blushed, embarrassed……. Lin Yuan thought, with this guy's dark skin, his blush made him look like chocolate.
The large piece of chocolate named Shell bowed his head as he walked behind Lin Yuan, suddenly in regret: Lin Yuan's temper was so good, wasn't he an idiot for trying to start something with him? How can he fix it?
The four people walked to the Central Hall, there were many neatly uniformed students lined up.
The 50 students quickly quieted down, listening to Irene's instructions for line up. The order was four rows from short to tall, two rows of girls, two rows of boys. Lin Yuan was a relatively short boy, he stood in the left row, a dozen centimeters shorter than him Beta girl stood in the row next to him.
The girl looked at him and smiled, "Hiya Lin Yuan. My name is Bossa."
“……. Hi.” Almost all the class knew his name now, apparently because of Shell's loud provocation this morning. This girl's smile was very friendly, there were two small dimples on her cheeks, so Lin Yuan also smiled at her, he didn't mind making a friend.
The open field was big enough to accommodate tens of thousands of people, everyone was divided into small teams, each class was neatly in a square. Standing instructions sounded in the audience.
When it was two o’clock, the scene suddenly quieted down. At this time, in the sky above the open air field, a row of black armors suddenly flew toward the podium, like the large wings of a soaring eagle!
The machine group came to a steady stop over the podium, and then, the cockpit doors opened simultaneously, and a group of officers wearing pure black military uniforms gracefully descended to the ground.
“…….” the students were stunned.
“Salute!”
A loud voice came from the stage, the students woke up from their trance and immediately stood upright to give a standard salute. Neat blue uniforms formed a dark blue ocean, thousands of students saluting at the same time looked very spectacular, like a huge wave suddenly disturbing a calm sea.
In the middle of the queue of officers, a man with three stars on his shoulder returned a salute and said loudly: “Students, good afternoon, I am your principal, Belfas."
Although he was nearly 200-years-old, Lieutenant Belfas still looked very strong, he stood upright in his uniform, he looked strong, vigorous and imposing.
“First of all, I'll represent all the instructors in the school and welcome you all to the San Romia Military Academy. As the best military academy in the empire, only very smart and excellent students can be here. I think you all will hate hearing an old man ramble on, so I'll make a long story short -"
“San Romia Military Academy will give you the best learning environment, so I hope that you can make good use of all the resources here, earnestly study, and after three years, give yourself a satisfactory reward! Don't let your family, your friends, and your instructors be disappointed!"
“Now, let's begin the swearing ceremony, please join me in reading the army oath!"
Belfas raised his right hand carefully, turned and raised his head to face the flag of Lacey Empire and the flag of the Imperial Army. He seriously and earnestly recited "From today on, I will be a solider of the Lacey Empire. I solemnly swear -"
The headmaster's deep voice echoed from the amplification of the loudspeakers throughout the venue, all the students immediately raised their right hand, looked up at the flags, and said the sacred oath –
“From today on, I will be a solider of the Lacey Empire. I solemnly swear -”
“To absolutely obey the commands of my superiors!”
“Strictly observe military discipline!”
“Not fear sacrifice!”
“Fight bravely!”
“…”
Tens of thousands of young loud voices resounded through the clouds, Lacey Empire’s best military academy, San Romia military academy 598th session freshman, from this moment, officially started their careers as soldiers.
*****
After the swearing-in ceremony, each class returned to their training area.
The compound of San Romia Military Academy covered more than ten kilometers. The compound was divided into a number of areas for all the classes. The 50 people military department groups were in the most central position, the different classes had already started their running, saluting and basic posture training.
Irene brought a serious looking officer to the front of the crowd and said: “Students, this is Lieutenant Knox, the military training next month will be overseen by him."
Knox nodded and bluntly asked, “Who is the class monitor?”
Everyone: “…”
Irene coughed, embarrassed: "Cough, I forgot to elect a squad leader this morning, we'll choose a class monitor now!”
Everyone: “…”
The eloquent, ruthless, and strict Instructor Irene actually had such a……….. clumsy personality. The crowd quietly stared at their teacher.
Knox also felt very helpless at Irene's occasional clumsiness, but his face didn't show it, he expressionlessly looked at the students and softly said: “Will someone be the class monitor?"
The fifty people were silent.
“No one volunteers to be squad leader?” Knox's cold eyes slowly swept the line of 50 people, “I'll give you ten seconds, if you don't choose a squad leader, then you will have to run around the compound for ten laps, then come back here to decide!"
“10, 9 …”
“Instructor!” Finally, a brave guy raised his hand.
Knox turned towards him, it was a red-haired tall boy, his eyes were dark red. Under Knox’s scrutiny, the boy blushed, making his dark skin shade a strange color.
Knox asked, “What’s your name?”
The boy: “Reporting in instructor, my name is Baker!”Knox nodded, “Student Baker, you want to be class monitor?”
Student Baker immediately shook his head and bravely said: "Instructor, can I recommend others for squad leader? I know a very suitable person!”
Knox said, “Who do you want to recommend?”
Shell glanced at the small body at the front of the left row, a black haired and black eyed boy, and loudly said: “Yes instructor! I recommend Lin Yuan!"
Lin Yuan: “…………………………”
What the hell!
Knox's sharp eyes immediately turned toward Lin Yuan, so he had to resist the urge to facepalm.
Oh my God! Why does this single brain cell animal have to be in the command section ah? Early this morning, he came to provoke me with a "Are you that Lin Yuan that scored full marks?” making the whole class know my name, and now, he again tries to stir shit up!
Lin Yuan really wanted to ask: Shell, what did I do to you to deserve this?
Knox looked at Lin Yuan, then looked back at Baker and said: “Why do you recommend Student Lin Yuan?”
Student Baker looked up and proudly said: “Reporting in instructor! First of all, Lin Yuan was admitted in with full marks, as a Beta, his results were better than many Alpha, enough to prove his ability!"
Lin Yuan: “…….”
Alpha: “…”
“Second, this morning in the military posture training, Lin Yuan persisted for more than two hours, even longer than a lot of Alpha! This proves that he not only has a high IQ, his physical abilities is also very excellent!"
Lin Yuan: “…….”
Alpha: “…”
Student Baker finally finished his summary: “So I think, Student Lin Yuan is capable enough to lead our class! He is the most appropriate leader. Report over!"
Shell… really, did I do something to you man?
Your hatred is too cruel, you're making me the target of all the Alpha!
Feeling the surrounding Alpha's projected hate, disgust, scorn, and indignant gazes, Lin Yuan really wanted to shrink into a ball and sink into the ground.
Knox nodded towards Baker and said: “Lin Yuan, come to the front!”
With the instructor's call, Lin Yuan had no choice but to seriously report in before Knox, his hand was on the edge of his cap in a respectful standard military salute, his crisp voice decisively shouted: “Yes!”
Knox hesitated.
Suddenly, he had an illusion, as if time had turned back, back to twenty-eight years ago.
Twenty-eight years ago, the 570th session military command section's training time, a Beta boy named Ling Yu stepped out and also immediately attracted all the attention.
A black haired, black eyed Asian teenager, standing in the standard posture, posing in the standard military salute, shouting out in a crisp and sweet voice. Although his body was smaller, his momentum didn't fall before any of the tall Alpha.
No wonder Irene said she saw the General’s shadow in this child’s body…..
At this moment, even Lieutenant Colonel Knox who was by Ling Yu's side for many years also had the same illusion.
Knox was silent for a moment, then said: “Lin Yuan, will you serve as class monitor?"
Lin Yu immediately respectfully said: “Yes! Instructor!”
Knox looked at him deeply and asked, “Don't you want to think about it?”
Lin Yuan looked up and seriously and firmly said: “As a soldier, I only know how to obey the superior's orders! Student Baker recommended me and instructor wants me to be the squad leader. I will do my best to not let everyone down!"
Knox looked at the young man in silence.
Yes, as a soldier, the first reaction to your superior's order should be obedience, absolute obedience.
Absolute obedience is a very important part of the army oath.
Especially on the battlefield, when the superior officer issued you an order, you shouldn't question and hesitate, perhaps that time of hesitation would be enough to let the enemy turn your comrades into debris.
……. Lin Yuan will do this, even if he doesn't want to be the squad leader.
The young man's black and clear eyes, at the moment, didn't have the slightest hesitation or unwillingness, there was only confidence and determination.
– Command section students should have such a straightforward and hardworking attitude!
Knox suddenly thought in a trance: If General Ling Yu hadn't secretly escaped Rosen's apartment in stubbornness and died in the interstellar ruins, then he and Rosen’s child would've been like Lin Yuan, a bright 18 year old.
—————————————————
Chapter 018: Beat Down
The new monitor Lin Yuan needed to cooperate with Instructor Knox to supervise the students' training, and after the end of the military training, he had to continue and supervise the students’ studies with Instructor Irene. In addition, he was in charge of students who register late, truancy and other things……. This role was obviously a chore, right?
With friends like Shell, who needs enemies?
Lin Yuan was very familiar with the thankless job like a squad leader because in his primary school and secondary school, he was elected as squad leader. But most of the children on Rennes planet were Beta, he could be more relaxed, unlike in San Romia military College where there were so many pure blooded Alpha that a Beta monitor would be very unconvincing.
After the afternoon military training and boring physical training, Lin Yuan went to the cafeteria and found a corner seat to eat. After just a bite of his food, a chocolate face popped up in front of him. The chocolate smiled a pleasant smile and said: "Squad leader, can I sit here?"
“…….” Lin Yuan helplessly glanced at him, "You can.”
Student Baker sat down, smiled, and said: “I'm sorry for this morning ah! I heard that you were a Beta that scored full marks and felt very skeptical, so I came to start trouble …….” He scratched his head, messing up his red hair.
Yeah, thanks for that, idiot!
Lin Yuan smiled and asked: “And you're not skeptical now?”
Baker immediately nodded enthusiastically, "I've been convinced!”
The brawn over brains guy looked expectantly at Lin Yuan, as if to say: “I recognize you as my boss, order me as you please."
Lin Yu sighed in his heart, then shifted his attention to his food.
They finished their dinners and walked back to the dorm. When they turned the corner, two tall Alpha suddenly blocked the way. The two looked very arrogant and were surround by the rich aura of Alphas, their expressions clearly said 'We are blue-blooded children, we're above you.'
……Trouble finally came.
The amount of hatred Baker's spiel attracted was too high, Lin Yuan was expecting such a confrontation.
Sure enough, one of them scornfully looked at Lin Yuan and mocked: "Class Monitor, I heard that you scored full marks? Can a Beta be so awesome? You cheated, right?"
“…….” Their provocative expressions and actions was exactly the same as Baker's, how clichéd.
Lin Yuan scolded the two Alpha in his heart, but his face had a friendly smile: “Just excellent luck, there were some questions I guessed ……. You wanted me for something?"
The second boy stepped forward and said coldly: "I want to see if you're up to snuff!"
After his voice faded, the boy’s hand shot directly toward Lin Yuan' shoulder, at the same he swept at his foot, aiming to bring Lin Yuan directly to the ground!
– This guy knows how to fight!
Lin Yuan immediately reacted!
When his hand was about to come into contact with his shoulder, Lin Yuan’s left hand suddenly reached out and grabbed the other's wrist lightning quick. He pulled his arm forward, and aimed a kick directly to the other guy's knees. Then he dodged neatly to the side….
The boy had reached out his foot to put Lin Yuan down, resulting in Lin Yuan dodging and forcefully pulling him forward. But because of his unstable center of gravity, when he ended up on the ground, his limbs were spread out, and he laid on his stomach in a
dog eating shit
posture!
“…….” The boy froze, his mind blank in shock, he even forgot to climb up from the ground.
He was actually beat down……. by a……. Beta?
Just how fast did this guy react? Why couldn't I see him move…?
Lin Yuan brought his hand back to his side, looked at the stunned boy, smiled and said, “Who taught you how to fight ah? You should train again.”
Then, he directly bypassed the other red faced Alpha and turned into the dormitory.
Lin Yuan’s principles has always been the same.
If you don't mess with me, I naturally won't mess with you. If you mess with me, I'll unhesitantly beat you down!
When Brian had touched his head yesterday, he immediately fought back, but Caesar was there at the time and stopped him…….. In other words, Caesar's fighting skills was higher than that Alpha's today, and significantly higher. He was actually able to accurately grab his wrist, his reaction ability is really fast. If that was Caesar just now, then the fight probably wouldn't have ended so easily…….
Lin Yuan mused.
Baker excitedly caught up with Lin Yuan, “Boss, your moves were so cool and deadly! What kind of combat was that? Do you box?"
“It wasn't boxing.” Lin Yu smiled, "It was a popular ancient Earth era style of fighting, especially in Asia, called martial arts. It's very suitable for less muscular people like me. When you fight a taller and more muscular person in battle, you can use those skills to win."
“…”
Use skills to win?
No wonder the 1.78-meter Lin Yuan could beat such a taller Alpha!
In Baker's eyes, Lin Yuan was already a god-like existence.
A Beta dropped an Alpha in three seconds? Why did you just stare blankly? How could you forget to get it on video? If you'd just recorded and uploaded it, the views would definitely break a billion!
Lin Yuan should be glad that Baker forgot to record it, otherwise, all the Alpha in the Empire would wish death on him…….
***
Close by, seeing Lin Yuan confronted by the two Alpha, Caesar wanted to come help him.
But before he could even walk close, he found the stunned Alpha lying face down on the ground and the other Alpha looking very constipated.
So, Caesar pretended not to see and walked directly around them.
Thinking of that scene, Caesar’s heart rate couldn't help but pick up…….
The boy's hands were so dexterous that people can't see his movements. He'd positioned himself and accurately grabbed the other man's wrist, pulled forward, kicked and moved to the side, too fast for many people to catch.
This guy……
His flexibility and agility was simply amazing, did he do gymnastics?
When Caesar returned to the dormitory, Lin Yuan was heading for his bedroom.
Out of some weird temptation or other unknown reasons, Caesar suddenly stepped up behind Lin Yuan, stretched out his strong hand and forcefully grabbed Lin Yuan’s arm!
Lin Yuan froze a moment, then instinctively turned around to make a comeback!
His nimble hand quickly flipped over to grab the other's arm, and after a beautiful catch, he tried to spin it back to break the opponent’s arm! Unexpectedly, Caesar's first action was just a faint! His other hand quickly grabbed Lin Yuan’s shoulders, and he extended his long leg at the same, hitting Lin Yuan’s knee!
Lin Yuan hurriedly dodged sideways to avoid the leg attack, but his shoulders was pushed strongly and he staggered! Determined, Lin Yuan clutched Caesar's arm, and the two entangled together, one unwilling to let go of his hold, resulting in…….
Lin Yuan lost his balance and fell to the ground.
Caesar was pulled forward by him, and directly landed on top of Lin Yuan.
“…”
“…”
They stared at each other with wide eyes. After staring for a while, Caesar finally noticed that this position was too ambiguous.
Their noses were almost pressed together, the other man's warm breaths was landing gently on his face, and his unbuttoned shirt collar exposed white and smooth skin. His delicate collarbone was in his line of sight, and as long as he leaned over a little, he would be able to kiss him…
Caesar’s heartbeat suddenly paused half a beat, then he immediately stood up, pulling Lin Yuan up with him.
Lin Yuan sorted out his messy shirt, then stared at Caesar and asked: “Why did you suddenly attack me?"
Caesar looked away and pretended to calmly reply: “I wanted to test your fighting skill level."
Lin Yuan helplessly said: “You want to test it out now? As you saw, I'm not your opponent."
“……Oh, ok.”
As a prince, Caesar learned very professional and standardized fighting skills his entire life, if he really tried, Lin Yuan wasn't his opponent. Lin Yuan’s reaction ability and dexterity was far superior to the average Alpha, so he can get an easy victory. It’s more than enough to deal with the untrained Alpha, but against professional-level masters like Caesar, the Alpha's height and physical difference would put him at a disadvantage.
Even so, Caesar was assured at Lin Yuan’s fighting skill.
At first, he was worried that Lin Yuan would be bullied by the Alpha that disagreed with him being squad leader, but now, it seems that Lin Yuan’s skill and personality was more than enough to protect himself from being bullied by anyone.
Caesar was silent for a moment, then he looked at Lin Yuan and asked: “Your skills are really good, did you take martial arts classes?"
"No." Lin Yuan smiled and scratched his head, "My master taught me. When I was eight years old he saw me and accepted me as an apprentice ……. He was a soldier, after his retirement, he moved to Rennes Planet’s mining company to be a security guard. He usually spends most of his day idle and bored, so he thought it would be interesting to teach me."
Looking at Lin Yuan's happy smile after mentioning his master, Caesar couldn't help but also think of his own teacher…….
Caesar's teacher was a young man who'd won the Imperial Boxing Championship, his temper was very irritable, he had a grumpy expression all day, but his eyes were sharp enough to pierce. As a child, Caesar was very afraid of him, so he tried especially hard to learn, because he feared bearing his teacher's anger.
Thinking of their masters, the two coincidentally quieted down.
At this time, the door suddenly beeped at the insert of a card. When the door opened, a uniformed Snow walked in.
Lin Yuan looked back to see Snow and couldn't help but laugh: “Snow, your atmosphere completely changes in a uniform ah!"
A cold young man wearing a neat, stiff uniform indeed gave off a kind of 'forbidden beauty' taste. Plus, since Snow was already good-looking, his delicate white face under the dark blue cap was very attractive to the eye.
Before Snow could answer, Brian also walked in, wearing the same uniform. While Snow’s clothes was neat and clean like it just came from the closet, Brian’s uniform was appalling, like it was trampled by elephants. It was messy and unbearable to look at, even his cuffs had some strange stains…….
Lin Yuan looked at him and couldn't help but think: Where did the Engineering Department students train today? Did they visit a mech factory? Why does Brian look like he just climbed out of a dumpster? He is an incredible sight to see next to the neat and clean Snow…….
Brian walked into the room and immediately noticed Snow in his neat uniform. His eyes brightened, and he smiled and greeted him: “Snow, you're back ah? How come I didn’t see you this afternoon?"
Snow looked at the messily clothed Brian and quietly replied: "The morning class teacher took us to visit a hospital, noon break was only twenty minutes. I came back to the Dormitory to change my uniform, then left. I probably missed you.”
And then he looked back to Lin Yuan, “I'll take a bath, I'm going to the library later."
Lin Yuan smiled: “I wanted to go to the library to check out some information too. Let me come with."
Snow nodded, "Okay, I'll come by your room after my bath.”
“'Kay, I'll see you at seven.”
So, they went back to their rooms to take their baths, leaving Caesar and Brian hanging.
Standing abandoned in the living room, Brian and Caesar looked at each other.
After a moment, Brian lowered his voice and asked, “What's your schedule for the rest of the night?”
Caesar replied, “I have no plans.”
Brian rubbed his chin: “So … feel like going to the library?”
Caesar nodded seriously: “Sounds good.”
——————————————-
Chapter 019: Searching Keywords
Different from Earth era school libraries where paper books were neatly arranged in rows, in order to save on resources, there was now very few paper books, instead there was encrypted e-books.
Going to the library was very important because many valuable books were only allowed to be read within the library's building. Of course, some books could be copied and taken out, but after copying they were bounded to the student’s e-reader, so they couldn't make a second copy.
San Romia Military Academy's library has 15 floors, everything from the 1st floor to the 10th floor was freely accessible by students, but there was a lot of confidential information on the 10th floor and up that you needed appropriate permission to see.
Lin Yuan and Snow walked side by side to the library, walking close behind them was Caesar and Brian.
They'd obviously showered too and wore casual clothes. Caesar was wearing a neat black shirt with a stiff collar, complimenting his handsomely carved face. Brian wore a white casual shirt, his hands in his pocket, his blue eyes curved up in a smile, very charming. The two tall Alpha attracted a second glance by countless passers-by along the way.
Lin Yuan couldn't help but think: How come these two guys came to the library? And dressed in such handsome and clean clothes, even their hair is meticulously combed……. It's only the library, was it necessary to dress so well?
Snow also noticed the two roommates following them, he looked back, and met Brian's smiling face.
Snow pretended not to see him and swiped his card into the library. He headed straight to the escalator to go to the fifth floor where the medical books were. Brian immediately followed him to the fifth floor. Snow felt a familiar Alpha aura behind him, and looked back, his expression cold: “Brian, the engineering related books are on the fourth floor."
“…….” I was treated with disgust again!
Brian felt a little depressed.
Of course he knew that the engineering department's books were on the fourth floor, but he has already read most of those books. Since he was six years old, while most children read fairy tales to sleep, Brian was reading "Machine Armor Parts”, "Armor Manufacturing 101″, "Intelligent Armor Design Principle”, "Energy Mechanics"…
Brian’s grandfather, Aston Bayh, was the greatest mech manufacturer in Lacey Empire, and many of the well-known S-class armor, such as Suzaku, Black Dragon and His Majesty's Lion King, were made by him. He wanted his grandchildren to become great mech engineers, creating the most impeccable intelligent weapons in the universe.
Brian loved mechs since he was little, and he was indeed very talented in mech engineering. When he was 6-year-old, he began staying by his grandfather's side as a handyman, so a variety of parts processing and armor design ideas were thoroughly baked into his brain. The 13 year old him made his first intelligent armor, Blue. Although there were many flaws and defects, but ……. that was the work of a 13-year-old ah!
To make a mech at 13-years-old, that child can simply be called a genius.
Brian participated in the Armor Manufacturing Division qualification exam last year and got a level two certificate, he was a step away from the final level certificate. His current level was, in fact, superior to a lot of graduates in this college. The reason he came to San Romia Military Academy to study, in addition to the Bayh family demanding it of him, there were more reasons –
He needs reading permission to use the library floors above the 10th floor and access the more valuable books. And he wanted to use the school's abundant resources to increase his experience, and graduate directly into the final level of the Armor Manufacturing Division qualification certificate.
Of course, Brian couldn't casually tell all these things to people, if he said it to someone, they would certainly think he was bragging.
Facing Snow's cold eyes, Brian just smiled and said: “No one said an engineering student can't read medical school books ah. I'm particularly interested in human anatomy, so I want to find a few human anatomical diagrams to look at."
Looking at Brian's cheeky smile, Snow gently frowned, "Whatever.”
Snow turned into the fifth floor's study hall, and Brian immediately kept up with his footsteps.
Snow took a seat in the corner, and Brian consciously walked to the empty seat beside him. The seats in the library weren't far apart, plus Brian was tall, so when he sat, the gap between the two was only half an arm.
At this close a distance, there was a huge aura of an Alpha's oppression…….
Snow felt his heart tighten and he immediately got up to change seats.
Brian looked at him, puzzled, then boldly followed him.
“…….” Looking at the smiling Brian once again sitting next to him, Snow was speechless.
So sticky!
An Alpha you can't throw away even if you tried. How annoying!
Snow looked back at Brian and said: “I’m not used to sitting near people. You go over there, there are lots of other seats.”
“… Oh.” Brian bowed his head and walked away with some grievance.
Snow took a deep breath and relieved some of his inexplicable tension. He loosened his secretly clenched fist, opened the light tablet on the table, and began to search for the books he wanted to access.
On the light tablet's screen was a simulation of a 3D room, a row of virtual bookshelves were neatly furnished with a variety of books, classified by subject. It was very detailed and standard. Snow searched the rows of shelves according to classification, and collected Human Anatomy Dissection, Nerve Anatomy, History of Embryology, and other books.
When you open a book, the light tablet showed a texture similar to paper pages with clear writing, and you could slide your fingers on the screen to directly turn the pages of the book, very convenient.
Although there were many students in the study hall, most of them were carefully reading their books and notes, no one noticed Snow sitting quietly in the corner.
Surrounded by the quiet, Snow opened the Human Anatomy book as a cover, then he opened a web page in the lower left corner of the window.
“Welcome to San Romia Military Academy's Library.”
Opening the home page brought you to a screen with this text. Next to the text was a blank search box, below the search box was a lot of database options that could be checked – Cepheus Central Library, Starfield Science and Technology Library, Imperial Medical Library, Empire Military Data Museum, San Romia graduates thesis paper database …….
A massive amount of literature and data could be directly accessed from the library!
Snow was excited, he selected all the options, then quickly inputted a line of keywords – Omega pheromones inhibitor.
His finger pressed the search button, and the screen popped up a “Please wait”. After about ten seconds, the blank page showed a line of red warning characters: “Keyword error, no relevant information found, please re-search!”
Snow was stunned – Keyword error? How can this be?
He'd thought that since he couldn't find any information outside, then his permissions weren't high enough to get past the screening in the external network. But now, even San Romia Military Academy Library’s massive network of libraries couldn't produce any information on Omega inhibitors!
Snow gently frowned, then he started to modify the keywords.
“Cosmic calendar 779 March, military court verdict”
“Keyword error, no relevant information found, please re-search!”
"Central Imperial Hospital, Dr. Sanders”
“Keyword error, no relevant information found, please re-search!”
“Application for amendments to the Omega-related protection law”
“Keyword error, no relevant information found, please re-search!”
“…”
His fingers quickly swept the screen, changing it to many keywords, but there was still nothing.
Snow’s face gradually grew paler.
Obviously, the Omega pheromone inhibitor was banned, and all the facts related to it was deliberately blocked, even San Romia Military Academy's library couldn't retrieve any of the information. This cover up must be very deep … thinking of this, Snow’s hands couldn't help but clench tightly.
***
Brian was secretly peeking at Snow, he looked back and found that Snow was tightly clenching his fists, his eyelashes trembling, his teeth tightly biting his lips, he looked very uncomfortable. He was slim and had a gentle appearance, so when he bit his lips, his white face posed a special question ……. like uh, don't you want to protect me?
Brian’s body immediately reacted before his brain could think, he took three or two big steps to Snow, stretched out his hand, and gently probed his forehead. Then he softly asked: “Snow, what's wrong? Why do you look so pale…….? ”
“……Don't touch me!” Snow suddenly forcefully shook off Brian's hands.
Because the sound was too loud it immediately caused the surrounding students to look over. Snow's pale face stiffened, and Brian showed an apologetic smile to the neighboring students and made a 'I'm trying to coax a small hedgehog, sorry to bother you' expression”.
……. Oh, it's an Alpha trying to peruse a Beta ah!
The crowd instantly minded their own business.
Brian used his back to block Snow from the crowd, then looked at Snow. His pale face suddenly had a strange flush, his breathing was instable, and his forehead had a layer of fine sweat.
What…. is he sick?
Brian was distressed and worried, but Snow hated physical contact, so Brian backed up and whispered: "Where are you uncomfortable ah? Would you like me to take you to the infirmary?"
“…….” Snow took a deep breath, propped his slightly trembling fingers on the table and stood up from his seat, he whispered: “Brian … Please send me back to the dorm…….. I……. I have a terrible headache…"
“Got it” Brian didn't hesitate and immediately reached out to help Snow.
Snow’s body suddenly stiffened and his eyelashes trembled harsher, but because his body had lost its strength he was forced to relax. He half-leaned on Brian and was helped by him out of the library.
The time was very late and the campus was lit by warm yellow lights. The road from the library to the dormitory was very quiet, and occasionally the sound of breeze rustling leaves echoed. Snow leaned on Brian, he felt like his legs were boneless, as if he was stepping on air. His feet almost couldn't support the weight of his body.
Seeing Snow stumbling so much, Brian had to stop. He crouched down in front of him, patted his shoulder and said, “Come on, on my back.”
“…” Snow was stunned.
Brian looked back at him and smiled, “Don't try to be brave, come on. My back's all yours.”
“…”
Looking at Brian's smile, Snow fell silent for a long time, then he hesitatingly leaned on his body, gently clinging to his neck.
Brian tucked Snow’s legs around his waist, rested his hands on his hips, and gently pushed upwards. He adjusted to a comfortable posture and began walking.
Snow’s face suddenly reddened.
Although Brian’s adjustment was simply to help Snow sit more comfortably on his back, but ……. he felt Brian holding his hips with his powerful hands, gently touching his buttocks, this direct intimate contact made Snow’s body involuntarily tremble.
Snow was lying on his back, breathing rapidly, and Brian wasn't any better off.
For some reason, Snow's warm and rapid breaths made Brian's heartbeat suddenly drum. The young man's soft hair was waving in the breeze and gently tickling his ears, like a feather softly brushing him.
Carrying Snow, feeling his weak body leaning all his weight on him, inexplicably, Brian’s heart suddenly filled with a sense of accomplishment!
He even felt the want to……. the need to protect ​​this person.
The always cold and serious Snow rarely showed such fragility, causing Brian to feel unbearable distress for him.
Carrying him on the road to the dormitory, a soft feeling filled his chest, as if the night wind was warming him.
Brian walked back to the dormitory, opened the door, and the house's automatic voice-activation caused all the lights to immediately light up.
Lin Yuan and Caesar apparently haven't come back yet. Brian went directly to Snow's bedroom and walked up to his bed. He looked back at Snow and found that Snow's face, ears, neck, and even the exposed slice of chest under his shirt was flushed. His mouth was open wide, and his breathing looked obviously uncomfortable.
Brian immediately laid him flat on the bed, covered him with his quilt, and sat by his bedside to observe him, he softly asked: “Where are you uncomfortable? I'll go get you some medicine, I have a lot of emergency medication."
Snow gasped softly then said in a shaky voice, "There's a white bottle in the drawer … bring it…to me.”
Brian immediately searched the drawer for the white bottle, he poured a cup of warm water, walked to the bed and helped Snow up. Looking at the pure white bottle without any trademarks or instructions, and the pure white pills without any markings, Brian had some doubts: “What's this? What kind of medicine is this?”
Snow lowered his eyes and whispered: “I've always had sudden headaches, this is the medicine my father made for me……. it's very useful for treating migraines……. my father is a doctor."
“Oh.” Since his father was a doctor, he'd presumably know a recipe that's not available on the common market right?
Brian didn't doubt him and immediately handed over the bottle.
Snow poured three tablets straight out of the bottle and swallowed it with the warm water.
His body’s condition began to improve, his hands and feet slowly gained back its strength, and his flushed face gradually receded.
Snow took a deep breath, looked at the still worried Brian, and after a moment of silence, he said awkwardly: "That ……. thanks……. thank you."
Brian smiled and scratched his forehead, "You’re welcome, we're roommates, this is nothing."
Although his mouth said this, this was the first time Snow didn't avoid him in disgust, he even took the initiative to thank him, so Brian’s heart was overjoyed!
Seeing Snow’s complexion looking better, Brian whispered: “Feel better? No more headache?"
Brian didn't find that his tone of voice was very doting and gentle.
“…” Snow avoided his line of sight, embarrassed, lowered his head and said: "I feel much better. I'll sleep early, thanks for your help again."
Brian smiled and stood up, “Well, then I won't bother you anymore. Have a good rest. Call me if you need help.”
“Ok.”
After Brian left the bedroom, Snow let out a relieved breath.
Fortunately, Brian had followed him to the fifth floor, saw his abnormality and sent him home in time, otherwise, if he'd entered estrus in the library, the consequences would've been unimaginable…….
Snow still felt some lingering fear, he took a few deep breaths to adjust his heartbeat.
The inhibitors he just took were not stable. Because intravenous injections are difficult to get through interstellar security, he could only add the ingredients of the inhibitor to oral tablets. So the drug's composition affected its performance and its efficacy was greatly reduced.
He was too tense when he was looking up the data, his brain was in an excited state, and his heart rate affected his body’s hormones, causing the inhibitor to suddenly fail.
Fortunately, he'd added a mask for Omega odor to the batch of inhibitors, so the early stages of estrus won't attract too much attention from the Alpha. It's only when he enters true estrus that his Omega smell wouldn't be covered up and it would spread all over the school!
Today, in order to forcefully suppress his estrus, he ate three tablets at one time, which meant that every day from now on, he'd need to increase his daily intake by three …….
Although the amount of medicine he brought was enough to reach the holidays, if there's an uncontrollable situation like today again, what could he do?
Did he really need to find an Alpha to get him through estrus?
Thinking of this, Snow couldn't help but frown and shake his fist.
– I must find a solution as soon as possible!
There was a list of inhibitor ingredients in his hands, but the problem was, where could he get the drugs and the space to make the inhibitors?
————————————————–
Chapter 020: The Right Plot
While Snow and Brian went back to the dormitory, Lin Yuan and Caesar continued accessing information in the library.
Lin Yuan picked out a lot of books about maneuvering armor, although he played a battle game on the network often, after all, it was just virtual controlling, there was a difference with steering with your hands.
According to Instructor Irene, San Romia Military Academy's annual mech competition was in another month, if you entered the top ten, you had the opportunity to represent the school and participate in the National finals and the military parade ceremony.
Lin Yuan had never been to Cepheus, he naturally wanted to win this opportunity!
Lin Yuan chose a corner sofa to sit and turned on the light tablet in front of him. He carefully read the 'Armor Control 101' book he'd picked out from the virtual shelf. Caesar sat to his right and was reading another book, “Military Council Charter”.
They sat together and quietly read, their expressions seriously focused.
After a moment, a Beta girl suddenly passed by them, saw Lin Yuan, and took the initiative to greet him: “Hiya, Squad Leader."
Lin Yuan looked up at her, and the girl smiled a sweet two dimpled smile, it was the Beta girl that had greeted him during the oath ceremony, Bossa.
Lin Yuan smiled and said: “Bossa, it's you ah.”
“Yup.” The girl nodded and sat down beside Lin Yuan: “I want to participate in the mech competition a month from now, so I came for some info."
“Oh? I'm joining in too. I'll recommend a few books for you.”
Lin Yuan opened the library's file sharing app on his light tablet, and directly uploaded several e-books he'd found to Bossa’s light tablet.
Bossa excitedly said: “Great, this is the book I'm looking for, thank you squad leader!"
Lin Yuan smiled: “You’re welcome, this book isn't half bad, read this one first."
Listening to the two people's enthusiastic conversation, Caesar couldn't help but give Lin Yuan a look.
This guy…
He always had a smiling face, and he was very talented, coupled with his new squad leader position, his popularity among the Beta would surely sky rocket. The Beta in the class obviously worshiped him, that Baker guy behaved like his sidekick, and even some Alpha liked him, like that Karl……
Caesar couldn't help but gently frown.
As roommates, why was their relationship less than passers-by?
Thinking of this, Caesar got up, walked behind Lin Yuan and softly asked: “You want to participate in the mech competition?"
His roommate suddenly appeared behind him like a spirit, causing Lin Yuan to jump and look back at Caesar in shock, he asked, puzzled, “Yeah, I want to register, why?”
Caesar continued to talk softly: "Light reading is no use, you need to practice in actual combat.”
Lin Yuan, of course, knew that the mech contest needed more experience than theoretical knowledge, but the school had thousands of students, yet a small amount of mechs in the rental center. Plus, Lin Yuan was poor, he couldn't afford his own armor, and the school had a time limit on rentals, so he wanted to get as much theoretical knowledge as he could before trying out real combat.
"I know." Lin Yuan said: “After the military training tomorrow, I'll rent a mech to practice."
Caesar pretended to casually say: “Actually, I have an armor that you can borrow to practice.”
Lin Yuan's eyes immediately lit up, "Really?”
Caesar calmly said: “Tomorrow, I'll take you to the training ground. Do you have time?”
Lin Yuan excitedly replied: “Yes!”
Looking at the man giving him a shining looking, Caesar’s mood finally improved – good, Lin Yuan’s shiny eyes should only be on me, this is the right plot.
***
At 11 o’clock in the evening, Lin Yuan and Caesar went back to the dormitory, because Caesar agreed to borrow him his mech to practice, Lin Yuan’s attitude towards Caesar was not as distant as before.
The two men chatted happily while walking.
“Caesar, what level is your armor?”
“… C-Class.”
“Oh.” Lin Yuan excitedly stared at him, "The game's armor level is also C-Class!”
Armor were graded according to their performance, A, B, C, D, E five grades, D Class and E Class didn't have combat capability, they were grades for robots used in daily life. C-Class was more high-end, a C-Class mech costs at least $200,000, only the rich could easily afford it. High caliber universities provided C-Class mech for the students to train with, and the conventional armor control test, and the mech games used C-Class mech, C-Class could be regarded as a more common grade.
Class B and Class A machines were directly controlled by the government, and a corresponding maneuverability certificate must be obtained to own one. Because those types of armor were super lethal, the weapons packed in could directly collapse a city, most people never get the opportunity to see one in person.
BCDE grades of the mech were manually controlled, operating them needed complex console commands. A-Class mech were both manual and voice controlled, in addition to using your hands, you could also issue orders.
The legendary class, even above A-Class, was the more advanced S-Class mech.
An S-Class mech's level of intelligence was not inferior to humans, the mech had an artificial soul. In other words, the master could directly connect to the armor's intelligence center, and use their brain to control the mech, and even reach the realm of man-machine unity!
Because the manufacturing process for S-Class armor was very cumbersome, and the required materials were difficult to obtain, the number of S-Class armor was very small, there was not more than ten in the entire Empire. Only the Major Generals, His Majesty, and Cepheus' heir to the throne were eligible to have them.
Lin Yuan, who was immersed in his excitement, didn't notice that when Caesar said “C-Class”, his face had instantly flashed a trace of embarrassment, and the white space button on his wrist flashed in indignation.
***
Back at the dormitory, Caesar opened the door and couldn't help but gently wrinkle his nose.
– Why is there an Omega pheromone scent in the house?
He looked around again and again, puzzled, and found that Snow’s bedroom door was closed, and Brian was lying on the sofa, watching a melodramatic romance. The Alpha in the film was saying 'I love you to death', and the confessed to Omega started shedding tears, while Brian watched with relish…..
Caesar really didn't feel like evaluating Brain's taste at the moment.
Lin Yuan clearly had no interest in this film, he greeted Brian then went back to his bedroom to sleep.
Caesar walked to Brian and sat down, he turned down the movie's sound a little and asked, “Did you come back early with Snow?”
Brian nodded: “Yup, Snow felt sick, so he went to sleep early.”
“Sick?” Caesar slightly frowned, he couldn't help but have more doubts.
Brian grew up with him, he was definitely an Alpha. Lin Yuan was with him in the library just now, so the strange smell of an Omega in the house … could only possibly come from Snow.
Caesar was silent for a moment before opening: “Brian, do you think there's a possibility that an Omega would inject an inhibitor that passes the serological test, and mix into the school?"
Brian was startled, he looked back at Caesar: “What are you saying? You mean, there's an inhibitor that can change the pheromone characteristics in the blood, and be undetectable to the school’s serology test?”
Here, Brian’s expression became serious. “This is more than a simple hormone inhibitor, it can change the blood. If there's such an inhibitor, wouldn't the Omega be fully camouflaged?”
Caesar was silent, after all, this was only his guess, there was no evidence. If there was such an inhibitor, and an Omega successfully used it, if anything went wrong in the future, there would definitely be unpredictable consequences.
His nose just sensed a weak scent, he couldn't be 100% accurate. Only, the first scent could be called a mistake, but repeatedly sensing Omega pheromone made Caesar go from "What's wrong with my nose?” to "There's something suspicious about Snow and Lin Yuan’s identity.”
Lin Yuan was optimistic, he didn't act like someone who was hiding a big secret. But Snow, the cold mysterious man always gave off an "I have a backstory” feeling. Plus, he was very uncomfortable around people, he especially hated physical contact with Alpha. Is that because he's an Omega?
As long as genetic testing was carried out, he could determine whether or not he was an Omega, but he didn't have the right to do so. Even if Snow really was an Omega, he'd injected inhibitors and infiltrated a military academy for his own reasons, since he didn't want to expose his identity, Caesar, as his roommate, wouldn't unnecessarily expose him.
Brian was still puzzled: “By the way, why did you suddenly ask this? Do you suspect someone is an Omega?”
Caesar paused, then calmly said, “Nothing, I was just asking.”
“Oh.” Brian turned back and continued to focus on his film.
Caesar accompanied him for a while, but really couldn't join in on his enjoyment, so he simply went to sleep.
***
The next day had good weather.
Lin Yuan woke up early in the morning. He found Snow readying to report early to his medical military training, Caesar was waiting for him in the dining room, and Brian was still sleepy.
Lin Yuan washed, then went into the dining room and smiled at Caesar: “Let's go."
Caesar also smiled at him, then the two men walked out together.
In fact, when him and Caesar were alone together, Lin Yuan still felt a bit awkward, especially when he thought of Karl's "Your roommate's identity is not simple, don't get too close to him.” advice, then Lin Yuan felt very uncomfortable.
– He didn't know Caesar's identity, he wouldn't be the legendary prince, right?
He didn't seem to have a prince’s arrogance, on the contrary, he treated him very well. He looked very handsome, had a very graceful smile, a good temper, and even sent gifts to Hobby, gave him food, wanted to lend him his armor…..
– Is it because he's special, so you're afraid to get close to him?
Lin Yuan suddenly felt a sting, you want to make friends during school, yet demand a separation because of hierarchy? You're not looking at his background and trying to curry favor with him, isn't being straightforward and upright friends enough?
Thinking of this, Lin Yuan couldn't help but look at Caesar and give him a friendly smile.
Caesar: “…”
The boy's smile was too dazzling under the sunlight, Caesar's heartbeat suddenly picked up, making him feel light-headed.
He was inexplicably happy, Lin Yuan actively gave him two smiles this morning, obviously, his attitude had softened from alertness, into the current trust and friendship.
The three methods to buy Lin Yuan: First, buy Hobby. Second, send food. Third, take him out to play.
All three methods were successful.
Caesar happily thought: This is a very good start.
***
The Military Command Department class lined up, as the Squad Leader, Lin Yuan was in the forefront, he faced the students and shouted: "In formation, attention-right!"
Every morning, line up the students before the instructors arrived, this was Knox's task for Lin Yuan, and Lin Yuan responsibly completed the task. When Knox arrived at the training ground, the Command students were neatly arranged in four rows of tall and upright flagpoles.
"Salute!”
Lin Yuan timely shouted, and the class immediately gave Instructor Knox a standard salute.
Knox returned a military salute, his eyes held a touch of appreciation.
Lin Yuan walked back to his position, and Knox stood in front of the students with a serious look: “There's no training today, I'm taking you on a field trip – the Military Museum."
The students were instantly excited when they heard the words.
For students that were just admitted to military school, to could already visit the Military Museum and witness the variety of military equipment, intelligent armor, warships, and all the kinds of reconnaissance aircraft the Empire had to offer….. It was enough to make the group of young people very excited!
Student Baker even recklessly ignored attention, he excitedly raised his hand and asked: “Instructor, is this an all day trip?"
Knox nodded, "The Military Museum is very far from here, we have to take two suspension buses, and it takes two hours to arrive. After the visit, we'll return in the evening.”
"Awesome!!” The group of people cheered happily, compared to standing under the scorching sun and doing boring physical training, spending a day in the Military Museum was obviously more interesting!
Lin Yuan’s heart was also filled with anticipation.
Military Museum?
Will there be advanced mech? Will a legendary S-level mech be on display?
***
Army Star's Military Museum.
A tall building with hundreds of layers displayed an array of numerous advanced military equipment.
The old curator, Brutus, and a few assistants patrolled the floors one by one on a staff lift.
Brutus solemnly said: “From today onwards, the students of San Romia Military Academy will come visit the museum in batches. The first batch is Command students, arriving at ten o’clock in the morning, do a good job at reception. Also, check the museum's security system again, make sure there are no omissions."
“Yes!” The crowd immediately nodded.
The lift stopped at the top.
Through the transparent glass window, you could see a wide interior, and a nearly 50 m high, enormous red machine was standing quietly.
Strangely, the armor was covered with chains, thick and strong electromagnetic chains, and its limbs were locked to the surrounding walls, so it was paralyzed in one position, as if it were a criminal being locked up and punished.
Although everyone knew that this machine didn't have enough energy to stir up trouble, it needed to be inspected every time, to see if it was firmly locked in place, but everyone still had to gather their courage when they checked…..
There was a subtle sense.
It had carried out numerous assaults on the enemy, in order to defend the Empire, it achieved countless feats, the intelligent S-Class mech, the most powerful Vanguard Combat Corps – Night Corps General Ling Yu's dedicated mech.
Suzaku.
At the moment, it was locked in a secret cell at the top of the museum, like a prisoner who had committed a felony.
Brutus was silent for a moment, then he turned to the subordinate responsible for security and said: “This layer must be locked up, access level should be set to the highest. I don't want anyone to see Suzaku imprisoned in here!"
The young man immediately nodded: “Yes, curator!"
At this time, the armor's fire red eyes seemed to suddenly flash a bit, Brutus turned back, but saw that it was still lifeless, motionless in place, so everyone ignored it as a momentary illusion.
==================================
Chapter 021: Military Museum
Lieutenant Colonel Knox, Commander Irene, and the 50 students in the military command section waited at the school gate for the large suspension bus.
The large suspension bus, which could hold dozens of people, looked like a turntable, a round body with many seats. Because of its size, it must drive at the bottom of the air suspension lane, and its speed was much slower than a regular suspension vehicle that could load five or six people.
But there were some advantages to being bulky and slow- the ride was very smooth.
The large suspension bus would run very smoothly, and standing in the bus was just like standing on the ground, even running and dancing wouldn't affect the body’s balance.
The 50 people sat in accordance with their student number, Lin Yuan and Caesar's school numbers were next to each other, so they sat together.
Instructor Irene smiled and said: "It'll take two hours to get to the museum, do you want to play some games?” Although they were already soldiers, after all, they were all 18-year-old children, there was no need to make everyone keep serious military discipline.
As soon as Irene said this, Student Baker immediately raised his hand and suggested: "Instructor, there are 50 students, if everyone performed something, we'll be finished in two hours! We can have singing, dancing, anything ah!"
Making everyone do something was indeed very fair, Irene thought about it and said: “Okay, then everyone perform something. Introduce yourself, we can all get familiar with each other!” Then she looked at Lin Yuan, “Lin Yuan, since you're the Squad Leader, you start first."
Since he was called out by the teacher, Lin Yuan had to stand up, he went to the middle of the open space, smiled and said: “I can't sing and dance, how about I show you some somersaults?"
Everyone was surprised a moment, they didn't know how he would perform "Somersaults”. Some people even thought: Somersaults? Isn't that what three-year-old children do for fun, somersaults ah? Squad Leader, what are you thinking?
Irene was very interested: “It doesn't matter, you can show us anything!”
Lin Yu smiled and scratched his head, then he stretched out his hands into the standard position and began flipping.
One, two, three…
Ten….. Thirty….. Fifty….. Eighty…..
Everyone's eyes glazed over as they gaped and looked at the Squad Leader rapidly flipping over and over and over again…..
Is he an acrobat? Doesn't he feel dizzy turning so much?
Everyone felt dizzy just looking…..
After Lin Yuan did 100 consecutive flips, he finally stopped, but everyone's eyes were already @ @. Lin Yuan smiled and bowed to everyone, then he calmly walked back and sat next to Caesar.
The bus was silent for five seconds, then a cheer suddenly sounded: “Awesome! Squad leader, you're too cool!"
Baker shouted excitedly. With student Baker in the lead, deafening cheers suddenly sounded in the bus, almost shaking the roof with applause. Many people looked toward Lin Yuan with admiring eyes.
Lin Yuan smiled at everyone, embarrassed.
When the applause finally stopped, Irene said: "Caesar's up next, we'll move according to seat order."
Caesar walked to the middle of the suspension bus and asked, “Can I put on some music?"
Irene nodded: “Of course you can.”
Caesar opened his mini light tablet and played a song.
Rhythmic heavy metal music sounded, Caesar stretched out his arms and began to dance before everyone's shocked eyes.
Caesar’s dance was very entertaining, his muscles and bones were under his control, his hands and feet moved freely, every part of his body swung precisely. He danced in perfect rhythmic fusion with the music, explosive dancing, causing everyone to stare in shock.
This is an Alpha's momentum!
Caesar’s dance was not only very powerful, you couldn't look away from it, like you were watching a professional level dancer! He actually incorporated a lot of fighting art into the fluid dance, every action was smooth, simple and accurate, like a performance that was planned in advance!
When the music finally stopped, Caesar took a bow and swung out an arm in invitation, like inviting a dance partner, this simple action gave the performance a gentlemanly mood!
The bus exploded in screams and applause!
Caesar smiled and bowed to everyone, then turned back to his seat.
Lin Yuan applauded while watching Caesar and asked: “Do you dance as a hobby ah? You danced really well."
“……Really?”
Because Lin Yuan happily praised him, Caesar couldn't help but also smile.
– Have you finally noticed my good points?
– Since you praised me, I'll also boast you.
Caesar looked back at Lin Yuan and leaned to his ear to whisper: “Your somersaults were pretty cool, your body is so flexible, did you learn acrobatics?”
Lin Yuan smiled and said, “No, I was too naughty when I was a child, I liked to do somersaults on my bed for really long times."Caesar: “………………”
At that moment, Caesar really wanted to rub Lin Yuan's head.
He thought of a small Lin Yuan excitedly flipping and rolling around on his bed. That must've been….. super cute right? I wonder if his family recorded him or have childhood pictures, I really want to see what he looked like as a kid…
Caesar looked back at Lin Yuan, but Lin Yuan was looking intently at the next performer.
Unfortunately, in accordance with the seat order, the next performer happened to be Karl from the neighboring dormitory.
Karl was singing, his smiling face and demeanor making him fit in with any of the popular celebrities. Moreover, Karl’s voice was very soft, and he was singing a recently popular love song, his gentle voice slipped into the ear, like a lover’s whisper.
Although he didn't like Karl, he had to admit that his singing was quite pleasant. But, seeing Lin Yuan's earnestly intoxicated expression as he listened to Karl's singing, Caesar couldn't help but feel somewhat annoyed.
Next time, he had to find a chance to sing in front of Lin Yuan. Actually, he couldn't just dance, his singing ability was not inferior to Karl's…..
Caesar silently thought this in his heart.
The performances continued. It turned out that the class had a lot of talented people, some people could mimic animals, some people said tongue twisters, and Bossa even performed an old-school ballet.
After the talent show, the distance between the students seemed to close in, and Squad Leader Lin Yuan even got to clearly record the names of all the class members and memorize their faces.
***
At ten o’clock in the morning, the suspension bus finally arrived at the Military Museum.
The museum was the largest Military Museum in the Empire, it was built in the middle of the endless plains, and was divided into several buildings. The tallest one was thousands of meters high, and you couldn't see the top if you looked up. The huge complex covered ​​more than 10,000 square meters, and a large number of military equipment were on display.
The group of students excitedly ran out from the suspension bus and met the museum staff standing in a row by the door. A young man stepped forward and shook hands with Colonel Knox and Commander Irene, then said to the students: “Students, welcome to the Military Museum! You'll be the first group to visit! Your class will be divided into five groups, and the tour guides will take you to visit different exhibition areas! Please don't make noise in the museum, photography equipment is not allowed either! If there are any questions, you can raise your hands and ask!"
“Okay!” The crowd immediately nodded.
The 50 people automatically divided into five groups according to school number and followed the five tour guides. Knox and Irene were invited to the curator’s office, they have visited the museum countless times, they didn't need to see it again. The museum's tour guides were specifically trained to lead students, they didn't need to worry about them.
Lin Yuan, Caesar, Karl, and Baker were in the fifth group, they followed a female tour guide to the 50th floor of A District.
The tour guide took everyone into the exhibition hall. An ancient spacecraft was displayed in the open hall, it was ten times smaller than today’s space ships, and because of its age, some parts of the spacecraft had begun to fade.
The tour guide smiled and said: “Students, you are now looking at the Pearl No. 01 spacecraft. This spacecraft has a special significance, who knows it?"
The tour guide looked in Lin Yuan's direction, Lin Yuan replied: “This is the first interplanetary passenger ship in the history of mankind. The first batch of people who left earth used this Pearl No. 01."
The tour guide continued to question, “Why is it called the Pearl?”
Lin Yuan replied: “Because pearls have always been used as a lucky stone for wedding anniversaries, it symbolizes health, purity and happiness. When the ship was made by the spacecraft engineers, the hope was that after leaving earth, humanity would still be able to live healthy and happy lives. So it was named the Pearl. Afterwards, all the interstellar passenger space ships followed the tradition."
The female tour guide smiled and nodded, "This answer is very good, your historical knowledge foundation is obviously very solid."
Lin Yuan also smiled back at her.
Student Baker proudly said: “Ms. Tour Guide, he is our Squad Leader!”
The tour guide said: “Oh, no wonder! Your Squad Leader is very powerful ah!"
Everyone immediately nodded and echoed: “Yeah he is!”
Lin Yuan: “…..”
He looked back at Caesar, and found that Caesar was also smiling at him. Lin Yuan scratched his head and turned away from his line of sight.
The woman looked closely at Lin Yuan and her heart couldn't help but doubt - A military command class made a Beta the Squad Leader? And all the Alpha in this group seem to have no objection to this? The Alpha who is standing by him is even looking at him with eyes full of….. Admiration?
The tour guide took the 10 people to each layer.
The first set of covert reconnaissance ships, the first intelligent armor, the first military aircraft carrier, various models of warships….. The museum showcased hundreds of years of the Empire's military history since establishment, causing everyone to be dazzled, it was a feast for the eyes.
Especially the 80th floor, the Intelligent Machine armor area. They looked at the display of machine armors through the huge glass pane, looking left and right in excitement.
Many of the armors had long histories, and some of them had even accompanied master mech pilots in tough situations, they were war heroes. The only regret was that most of the mech in the museum were B-Class. There was only one A-Class, and it was only displayed as an exhibit because it was seriously damaged beyond repair. Lin Yuan looked at the giant, more than 30 meters high A-Class mech and couldn't help but exclaim in his heart: A-Class is really on another level, it's super awe-inspiring!
The group of people walked around A District's 80th floor in excitement, it was already noon.
The tour guide smiled and said: “Okay, we're done with the top floor. I'll give you ten minutes to take care of any personal business. In ten minutes, we'll go back down to the first floor to join everyone for lunch. Then in the afternoon, we'll tour the floors below 50!”
Everyone immediately dispersed, some people went to the self-help sales robots to buy water, some left to find a bathroom.
Lin Yuan stood in place, reluctant to leave the mechs behind the window pane, he couldn't help but think - It'd be awesome if I had one, unfortunately, I can't afford it. But, if I have a successful graduation and good results in three years, then I can be a lieutenant of a small corps, and get a mech of my own…..
Lin Yuan was looking forward to a better future when he suddenly heard a strange sound coming from above him. The surrounding students were gone, the space should be quiet, but it sounded like a chain was being dragged on the ground, the harsh sound made Lin Yuan’s scalp numb.
– Isn’t this the top floor of the museum? Why is there such a strange sound over head?
Lin Yuan walked to the entrance of the elevator, puzzled.
Sure enough, the highest number the elevator could reach was the 80th floor, his current floor.
If the 80th floor is the highest level, why is there still a sound over head? Is there an upstairs?
Lin Yuan turned the corner and found an exit.
Although most of the buildings now used electric lifts, they still retained traditional staircases in case of fires or power outages that could trap people inside.
Lin Yuan pushed the door to go inside, but found that…..the door was locked?
Why is the door locked? Shouldn't it be open in case of emergency?
This made Lin Yuan even more puzzled, he looked through the glass on the door and saw stairs leading down…. And a staircase leading up! The upstairs door was closed tightly, and without hearing the strange burst of sound, most people would think it was the rooftop!
Why is the door of the emergency exit locked?
Lin Yuan scratched his head, puzzled. Just as he turned away, he suddenly heard a crisp "snap” sound above him, like a chain link being shattered! Then, there was a shuffling sound, it was very strange, as if some trapped beast was struggling desperately!
“…” What's going on? What’s on the roof? Are there people working up there?
Lin Yuan listened to the strange sound, his heart rate was inexplicably speeding up. He had a very strange intuition, or was it a subtle irritation…..whatever was upstairs was very familiar!
It was as if some power was attracting him.
The gravitational force was so strong that Lin Yuan’s body unconsciously moved towards the door!
Lin Yuan leaned forward for a closer look and found that the right side of the door had a rectangular magnetic card reader.
All kinds of buildings had these types of card identification areas nowadays. In their dormitory, their identity card could be used as a key, in higher security places, there was fingerprint or pupil scanners.
Lin Yuan took out his military school card and brushed it, but there was no response. After thinking for a while, he took out the platinum crystal card his mother had given him and gently swiped it –
A shocking scene happened!
With the platinum card over the sensor, the door actually opened!
Lin Yuan was surprised, then he excitedly climbed up the stairs. He stood at the second door and once again swiped his crystal card.
The heavy metal door slowly opened, and Lin Yuan walked into the room. A glare of light reflected through a huge floor window, causing Lin Yuan to reflexively cover his eyes, at this time, the door behind him suddenly closed.
The door probably closes automatically?
Lin Yuan looked back at the door curiously, then he turned to look around the room –
In a football field sized space, a giant 50-meter-high mech proudly stood!
The armor's body was fiery red, and the metal looked dazzling under the shining sun! Although the mech was huge, its body was structured very smoothly, every joint was perfectly designed!
Its red body shone in the sunlight, it looked like the armor was bathing in fire!
It was the most beautiful mech Lin Yuan had ever seen! More beautiful than all the armor he'd seen in the network galleries!
The most extreme feature was the crisscrossed electromagnetic chains covering the armor. The moment Lin Yuan had walked through the door, the armor suddenly shook fiercely, and the chains covering its body split and completely broke!
“…..” Lin Yuan froze in astonishment and stared up at it with wide eyes.
“…..” The armor seemed to also be stunned for a moment, then it slightly bowed its head, its red eyes flashing as it looked at the small human it could effortless trample to death with one foot. It was silent for a long time before asking, "Pardon my rudeness, can you help me with a favor?"
Lin Yuan stared and pointed to his nose: “You…you, you're talking to me?”
The armor nodded and softly said, “Yes. Do you want to drive an S-Class mech? Come here, come to me. I’ll teach you how to drive."
He said this and popped open the cockpit in his chest, then he bent down to bring the cockpit to Lin Yuan.
“…”
What the hell is going on?
Not only can the mech speak directly, it can also take the initiative to invite someone to drive it? Is there such a sentient mech?
Although his heart was very puzzled, this was the first time Lin Yuan had seen the S-Class mech, yet he seemed to have a strange attraction to it. He excitedly jumped into Suzaku's cockpit and asked: “You're really S-Class? Are you 50 meters tall? Oh right, what's your name?"
The armor didn't answer him, it just straightened himself up and closed the cockpit door.
The moment the cockpit door closed, Lin Yuan saw the door of the room open and Caesar rush in.
“Lin Yuan -!”
The familiar voice entered his ear, but before Lin Yuan could respond, his body was tightly wrapped by red nerve fibers!
At the same time, Suzaku suddenly started his engine and soared up, directly crashing through the museum’s roof!
Bright red wings burst out from its shoulders, and the fire red armor looked like a phoenix. With shocking speed it quickly flew up to an altitude of 90,000 meters!
===================================
Chapter 022: Smart Armor Suzaku
… What’s going on?
He went to the bathroom, then came back to find that Lin Yuan had suddenly disappeared. Caesar looked around anxiously, saw an opened corridor door and immediately rushed in, just in time to see another door shut behind Lin Yuan.
He walked to the door and found that the door had automatically locked, and it was set to the most advanced access permission. Caesar took out his identity card and brushed it at the sensor, the door opened, and he saw a shocking scene –
Lin Yuan jumped into a large mech's cockpit, and the red armor directly jumped into the sky, fleeing the museum!
Caesar almost chocked!
– Lin Yuan!
Caesar shouted, but there was no response!
Damn, why did that fool jump straight into the cockpit? That huge red mech was clearly an S-Class – the highest level intelligent mech! Their intelligence is not inferior to mankind!
The Empire only had ten S-Class mech, and due to confidentiality, average people didn't understand the true intelligence of S-Class mech. They only knew that they were very powerful, but they didn't know just how powerful.
S-Class mech were controlled with the mind, they needed to have a Master that matches their spirit, someone who doesn't own the machine must not drive it! If the driver’s mental threshold was not high enough, or the driver was not recognized by the mech, they were likely to be counter-controlled by the powerful armor, or even deemed an enemy and destroyed!
Lin Yuan doesn't drive an S-Class armor, he doesn't even understand the principle of handling an S-Class mech, he'll get in an accident!
Caesar had never been so anxious in his life, the moment Suzaku took off, he didn't hesitate to press the space button on his wrist, “White Feather, fast-catch up!”
“Yes! Master!” Hearing the Master's call, White Feather immediately changed his body, pushed Caesar directly into his chest's cockpit, jumped and launched his wings!
Pure white wings like the wings of a large bird, giant mech wings, immediately sped upwards at a speed similar to Suzaku!
***
Suzaku's cockpit.
Lin Yuan, who was wrapped by the nerve fibers, was undergoing the matching process with Suzaku’s intelligence center.
0% … 1% … 2%…
The matching process percentage was consistently climbing upwards on the screen.
At the moment, Lin Yuan's mind seemed to be replaying memories in strange movie-like fragments, his brain felt like it was about to explode, he felt like thousands of insects were tearing at his nerves!
In the man-machine spirit matching process, he was forced to view Suzaku's memories!
More than a decade of following his former owner on the battlefield, being drenched in the enemy’s blood, the excitement, more than ten years of imprisonment in the museum’s top secret room. He couldn't escape the lonely and painful memories….. The joy of victory, the sadness when Master left, the reluctance of imprisonment…..
Many years of repressed memories poured directly into the 18-year-old's mind, Lin Yuan’s spirit was about to collapse!
***
“Hello, my name is Ling Yu, our spirit match was successful, so I'll be your Master. What would you like as a name, something to match your redness…..is Suzaku good?"
“I don't like it.”
“Oh, well, I’ll make you like it.”
“…”
“Suzaku, I'm an Omega…that day you did the genetic testing…you already knew right?”
“What are you going to do?”
“Oh well, I've been using inhibitors for so many years, no harm in continuing.”
“But it's dangerous…”
“In what way? I was born an Omega, if I didn't do this, I would've been forced to match with a stranger and have children at 18 … that’s the rules of life’s game. That's the real danger.”
“Master, your body’s Omega Pheromone has reached its peak, you have to…”
"Don't say it! Immediately adjust the sailing route, let the Night Corps go directly to the Issyville cosmic wormhole!”
“Master……”
“I’m sorry Suzaku, I can't take you with me.”
The plot of the former owner and armor poured in, from the moment of that first encounter, to the day of parting, the scenes flashed in front of his eyes, causing Lin Yuan’s mind to whirl in chaos. He clenched his fists, his brain overflowing with memory scenes over and over again, assaulting him with shockingly terrible pain, causing Lin Yuan to curl up and bite his lips until it bleed.
“Son, what do you want to be named? How about Little Yuan? ….. Don’t cry, don’t cry, you like the name, right? It's okay, I'll make you like it.” There was a gentle voice whispering in his ear.
“Son, you'll grow up to be a Beta, a healthy and happy Beta ….. okay?"
“Little Yuan, your daddy will give you something delicious, it's called cake. Come, say it with daddy, ca-ake…..silly goose it's
cake not kale
!"
“Little Yuan, you stole the ice cream again right? So naughty, and eats all day, you look like Porky Pig!”
“Little Yuan, sorry, daddy has to go, he can’t take you with him. Be obedient okay? No matter what difficulties you face, you must stay strong to live …..”
“Dad……”
He heard a hoarse tender voice shouting, “Dad, don’t leave me….. Daddy …..”
The man never looked back. The weather on that planet was freezing cold.
Then, the child’s arm was injected with a cold liquid, he lost consciousness, and lost his memories.
He didn't remember that man’s appearance, didn't remember anything before the age of four, didn't even remember his name…..
Lin Yuan's eyes reddened, he began to struggle desperately.
His memories were in disorder, he wasn't clear if the memory was from the mech or himself, but, the memory of the man’s voice, made him want to cry…..
Dad……
Is that my dad?
This kind of forced recall, with complete remembrance of little details, was too painful. His heart was battered with waves of pain, like a rope was tied around it and pulling tightly!
5% … 20% … 80% … 100%!!!
The matching process percentage on the screen suddenly soared to 100% within five seconds!
Lin Yuan’s spirit immediately began to control Suzaku!
“…”
Suzaku was shocked!
This was just an eighteen year old child, he'd only led him into the cockpit to control him and get enough spiritual power and energy to escape!
He had been shut off for too long, his spiritual power was declining, even his secretly hidden energy resource was running out, if he wanted to escape, he had to rely on a human's power. He didn't expect that the young man's spirit was so tenacious, he not only couldn't control it smoothly, the boy even counter controlled his intelligence center!
Suzaku tried to suppress Lin Yuan, but Lin Yuan’s will resolutely struggled against him!
Both sides were in a stalemate, causing Suzaku's intelligence center and Lin Yuan's spirit to suddenly jumble in chaos!
Son? Be a Beta? Father? Live strongly?
What are these memories?
Why does this child's memory, have a very familiar figure –
General Ling Yu!
***
Not far behind, Caesar was frowning deeply. The red armor was suddenly flying unsteadily, it even launched a series of particles guns. White Feather was unprepared for an attack, he flew up and down in clumsy dodges and instinctively tried to counterattack. Caesar immediately ordered: "Don’t fire back! Lin Yuan is in there, don’t hurt him!"
“…..” White Feather was silent for a moment, then it began shouting back defiantly, “Master, that's Suzaku ah! Don't attack so it doesn't get hurt, but also follow it closely and capture it, this is too difficult Master! He’s an S-Class like me!”
Caesar, of course, knew this. White Feather and Suzaku were at the same level, they normally would not dare to attack each other, even if they went all out in a real fight, it would lead to a tie.
White Feather was annoyed: "This sucks! Ancestor Suzaku is my idol. Master! I really don't want to chase it ah!
Caesar frowned: "Try to connect to the other cockpit, I want to see Lin Yuan's situation!”
“… Unable to connect.”
“What?”
“The driver on the other side didn’t respond! Suzaku’s intelligence center seems to be in a….. Oh….. oh no…..” Another group of light energy shots fired over, and White Feather moved to avoid the danger. White Feather said gloomily, "Not again! We'll be blown to pieces at this rate! Its intelligence center is messed up! It's out of control! Master, do something!"
Caesar was silent for a moment, then he calmly said: "Forcibly invade Suzaku’s intelligence center!”
“…..” White Feather didn't respond, he silently began to invade the other’s intelligence center.
A powerful electromagnetic interference abruptly enveloped Suzaku. Suzaku was already in a state of chaos because of Lin Yuan's spirit confrontation, so White Feather's invasion easily succeeded. The situation in Suzaku's cockpit immediately appeared on Caesar's screen.
Caesar saw Lin Yuan under Suzaku's control in its cockpit.
He was tightly wrapped like a dumpling by red nerve fibers, Lin Yuan was curled up, twitching painfully, occasionally breaking out in intense struggles. His sweat had already soaked his clothes, his eyes were red, and his lips had been bitten bloody.
“Dad……”
Lin Yuan faintly cried, his pale lips slightly trembling.
“Daddy … Don’t leave me…”
Caesar’s heart suddenly tightened.
Like a hand had forcefully grabbed it, an acute heartache instantly spread over his body, the always calm Caesar was furious: “Suzaku! Stop it! You’re going to break Lin Yuan's spirit! Stop! ”
Almost all S-Class mech underwent matching with a driver's spirit when they were freshly manufactured, empty of memories. After a successful match, they would be loyal to their Master.
Suzaku had ten years of memories with Ling Yu, plus he was imprisoned for ten more years, his intelligence center had too much messy memories. Now that he was forcibly matching with Lin Yuan, the two sides were fighting with each other, trying to subdue the other, the consequences of repressing each other was a mental breakdown!
Caesar stared intently at the huge, fire red, bird like S-Class mech, Suzaku, desperately wanting to tear it to pieces! That idiot Lin Yuan had never driven an S-Class mech, he didn't know how powerful an S-Class armor was! Watching Suzaku trying to control Lin Yuan's spirit, giving him memory disorders and making him tremble in pain, Caesar was crazy with anguish!
“- Suzaku! Land now!”
Caesar’s cold voice sounded in the other’s cockpit, but Suzaku apparently couldn't process his words, it still stubbornly flew forward with the fastest speed, its huge red wings beating, shimmering brilliantly under the sunlight.
White Feather suddenly shouted: "Master! Master! We're quickly approaching the Barila Grand Canyon, and Suzaku is running out of energy. Its energy levels is only 2%….. 1% … ah ah ah! Its going down…..”
The energy exhausted Suzaku suddenly began rapidly falling!
Below it was the Barila Grand Canyon, its depth reached thousands of meters! If they couldn't catch it in time, such a drop would definitely destroy it!
“…..” Caesar’s heartbeat almost stopped, then he immediately used his spiritual power to directly control White Feather. At that moment, Caesar and White Feather's spiritual integration directly jumped to 300%, the highest man-machine combination! At this moment, as long as Caesar thought it, regardless of the order, White Feather would immediately react like it was his real body!
The huge pure white mech suddenly spread its wings as far as it could stretch, then it accelerated downwards, moving towards Suzaku's falling path – swooping down!
Suzaku had almost reached the bottom of the canyon, it had already given up hope.
Because of its confrontation with the young man's spirit, its intelligence center was in chaos, and it accidentally fired off its particle guns, exhausting its already low energy. It couldn't even change its size, it could only let itself drop.
That poor child in the cockpit, he is so young….. His memories have the General's figure….. Is he the General's child?
Suzaku thought in sadness.
If it really crashed, it could only use the scrape of energy it still had left to eject an escape pod, hoping to save the child.
3000 meters….. 500 meters….. 10 meters…..
It was falling at a fast speed, Suzaku immediately braced itself for an impact with the rocks at the bottom!
At that moment, he was suddenly covered by a huge shadow, that shadow shrouded his whole body and lifted him up -!
White Feather's arms suddenly stretched down and accurately grasped Suzaku’s shoulder, then it did and aerial jump and immediately lifted Suzaku upwards. They narrowly avoided the dangerous rocks at the bottom of the canyon, like dodging a waterfall of rocks, then they directly flew out of the Barila Grand Canyon with the fastest speed!
“…..” Caesar’s forehead was dripping with cold sweat.
“…..” White Feather also felt lingering fear, "Ah ah ah ah, Master, your math must be very good, we save it by just ten meters! Ten meters! You scared the crap out of me!"
Caesar finally felt slightly relieved, his palm was slippery with sweat.
He had been even more frightened than White Feather, his heart had almost stopped. If he had been ten meters short, Suzaku’s head would've stuck the ground!
The faster a mech was moving, the faster their fall, he was a good distance away from Suzaku, even though they're the same level, it would not be easy to catch up. Seeing Suzaku falling from such a high place, if he couldn't save it, and Suzaku and Lin Yuan crashed into the Grand Canyon, and the machine was destroyed…..
He didn't even dare think about the consequences!
At that time, Caesar and White Feather integrated and dived at the fastest speed!
After a long silence, White Feather regained his balance and flew steadily at a high altitude while clutching Suzaku.
If you looked up from the ground, it would look like one red and one white bird were flying gracefully.
“Oh, does this mean I rescued Ancestor Suzaku?” White Feather asked, then he shamelessly moved his arms to cling to Suzaku's waist and cheerfully said, “Master, I think this hold is more stable, what do you think?"
Caesar: “…”
This machine had definitely stayed with Brian for too long, it had absorbed all of Brian's shamelessness.
White Feather continued excitedly: “I saved Ancestor Suzaku~ I saved Ancestor Suzaku! I can't wait to tell the other armors about this, they'll be soooo jealous!"
Caesar calmly said: “If you don't want to be executed by the Mech Association, you better not mention this to anyone."
“….. Oh.” White Feather closed his mouth, aggrieved.
“Find a vacant land to put Suzaku down, I want to see Lin Yuan's situation."
“…..” White Feather silently looked for a wide prairie and slowly landed, steadily resting Suzaku on the ground.
Suzaku’s cockpit immediately popped open, and Caesar quickly jumped in to find Yuan.
Lin Yuan's spirit was strongly fluctuating, he was barely conscious. But when he became aware of a familiar warm atmosphere, he instinctively stretched out his arms and directly rushed into the boy's arms in front of him.
“…..” Caesar's body stiffened, then he immediately reached out to catch Lin Yuan.
The boy's flexible body leaned on him, shivering in his arms. He brought up his arms to hug his neck, and softly whispered: “Dad …..”
Caesar: “…”
Lin Yuan was clearly recalling bad childhood memories. The always optimistic boy actually revealed such a sad expression.
Looking at his pale face, Caesar's heart softened, he tightened his arms and held Lin Yuan up, then he walked back to White Feather's cockpit while gently whispering in the boy's ear: “I'm here, don't be afraid, it'll be okay.”
“… Master! Master! You said outsiders can't come into the cockpit!” Perceiving a stranger’s breath in his body, White Feather immediately resisted, “This is my cockpit, you can't just walk in with outsiders!”
“He's not an outsider.”
Then Caser lightly added, “Oh right, I order you to mute! If you talk anymore nonsense, I’ll have Brian drop you down to C-Class.”
“…..” White Feather obediently muted.
Without the annoying background noise, Caesar brought Lin Yuan into the spacious cockpit bedroom.
Lin Yuan was clinging tightly to his neck, his head buried in his chest, his pale lips and his body was still trembling.
The boy was in a coma, defenselessly lying on his chest, causing Caesar to feel distressed, he immediately tightly hugged him back.
========================================
Chapter 023: Tempted
Only major military Generals and prominent leaders in the royal family were eligible to own S-Class mechs, so their interior design was naturally very luxurious. White Feather's full body expansion was more than 100 meters wide, its cockpit was very spacious, and in addition to the driving platform, there was an independent bedroom for the owner. The size and specifications of the bedroom was even better than a first class hotel suite.
However, the bedroom within Caesar's armor was not so extravagant. He valued comfort and practicality above all, so the bedroom space was fully utilized and decorated in a very simple and clean way.
The spacious bed had a soft white mattress, Caesar gently rested Lin Yuan on the bed, but Lin Yuan seemed to be stuck in a fearful memory, he immediately clung tightly to Caesar's neck, repeatedly calling out for his father.
Caesar was stunned for a moment.
Lin Yuan….. Was probably mistaking him for his father in his memory? So he was holding him tightly?
Cough, although he was very tangled from being identified as a father, Lin Yuan was tightly holding him, so Caesar felt distressed and soft-hearted. Seeing Lin Yuan's pale complexion, his heart felt sore, so Caesar immediately ignored being awkwardly called "Dad”, and gently embraced Lin Yuan.
"Don't be afraid … It’s all right …”
Like appeasing a frightened animal, Caesar stretched out his slender fingers and stroked Lin Yuan's back.
He seemed to feel a warm presence, so Lin Yuan buried his face deeper into Caesar's bosom, his body still slightly trembling. His forehead was constantly oozing sweat, but his arms stubbornly gripped Caesar.
Caesar couldn't help but tighten his arms, one arm wrapped around the boy's waist, the other hand patiently and gently rubbing his back, as well as petting his hair, trying to appease him.
“I'm here, I won't leave you …”
“Okay … don't be sad …”
Caesar’s voice was gentle as water, as if he was coaxing a lover.
White Feather: “………………”
This is too nauseating, Master! This is a high-tech society Master! When you encounter this situation, you only need to give him a tiny dose of tranquilizers! You really don't need to use "Hands-on” "Manual” "Repetitive” means to pacify him ah!
Unfortunately, White Feather was ordered to be quiet, so he dared not speak out, he only looked at the two embracing in the bedroom with a puzzled curiosity.
He’s not an outsider?
Is he….. a so-called 'wife'?
Thinking of this, White Feather immediately forgot the "mute” command in his excitement, he projected a small virtual White Feather and floated into the bedroom, “Master! You just said he's not an outsider right? I understand! He must be your fancied
Prince
Princess
! Prince Princess is really good-looking ah! Beautiful eyes, cute nose, hair is my favorite pure black….."
Caesar looked at him impatiently, "Shut up, don't wake him up.”
Lin Yuan had finally calmed down and fallen asleep when this chatty White Feather ran over. Caesar really regretted lending it to Brian so he could study the manufacturing principles of S-Class mech. White Feather stayed with Brian for half a month and came back like this!
The melodramatic romance dramas Brian loved watching produced mental toxins that completely polluted White Feather…..
“I know.” At his Master's fierce glare, White Feather immediately put away his voice and directly communicated with Caesar by spirit connection, “Master are you sure you want to choose him as Prince Princess? He seems to be a Beta ah? The royal family must combine with Omega to keep the royal family bloodline pure! Did you really fall in love with a Beta? You're so courageous ah!"
Caesar: “…”
White Feather floated curiously in the air: “Are you going to give up being heir to the Cepheus throne and elope with him?
Caesar: “…”
White Feather excitedly said: “I know, you must have a good plan. You'll take him to a beautiful secluded place and live happily in a world for two right? I understand! This is the true love of humanity! Rest assured, I'll take up with you two fugitives and flee to the end of the universe, protecting you from the bounty hunters His Majesty will send to capture you! I'll definitely support you, and always accompany you, and dutifully take good care of you, and watch your children grow up ….."
Caesar glanced at it coldly, then pressed the manual shutdown button.
White Feather: “………………”
While being forced to close down his intelligence center, White Feather couldn't help but think: Sure enough, the guy who speaks the truth is always punished! After speaking the Master's thoughts, I was shut down, the Master must be shy!
At the moment, Caesar was thinking – Brian definitely made that mech watch a bunch of his melodramatic love dramas with him!
Just what the heck is going on in White Feather's intelligence center?! Does he have a collection of every kind of contrived romantic film plot? He really felt ashamed to be his master….. Luckily Lin Yuan was still asleep, so he didn't hear that nonsense.
He looked back to his arms and found that Lin Yuan's expression was very uneasy, he was frowning tightly, apparently caught in a terrible nightmare.
Caesar took off his coat and shoes, laid him on the bed, smoothed out his messy hair and tucked him in with the quilt.
He searched around in the bedroom for the healing instrument, and took it over to check Lin Yuan's vitals. He found no big problems with his body, but the curve on the EEG had abnormal fluctuations, obviously, his mental state was very poor. It must be because he was forced to accept memories from Suzaku, leading to his memory disorder.
Caesar took a sedative, lifted Lin Yuan’s hand, and injected the medicine into his vein.
Lin Yuan gradually quieted down with the sedative, and his brain’s mental fluctuations slowly became stable, ten seconds later, he entered into a deep and peaceful sleep. The various values ​​on the healing instrument also returned to normal.
Caesar finally relaxed.
Fortunately, Lin Yuan’s spirit was strong enough, he'd managed to force himself to handle his memory disorders. If that wasn't the case, Lin Yuan would've had a mental breakdown and become a madman! That kind of mental torment was many times more terrible than fleshly torture!
Thinking of this, Caesar's heart suddenly clamped in pain. He looked at the pale boy lying on the bed, and his heart suddenly produced a strong desire to protect him, to never let him be hurt!
When an Alpha faces their loved ones, the first feelings produced is this strong desire to protect! Then it's the desire to conquer, and the desire to monopolize! When an Alpha's pheromones suddenly begin to fluctuate violently, it's a sign that the Alpha has
fallen in love
!
“…..” Caesar immediately dropped Lin Yuan’s hand, and stiffly turned away from the cockpit.
Caesar walked out of the cockpit, temporarily depressed from his chaotic thoughts, and saw Suzaku where White Feather had dropped him on the ground.
Although White Feather was headache inducingly chatty, as an S-Class intelligent mech, he still had a sense of propriety when working. It chose to land in a desolate, undeveloped prairie, with no monitoring systems nearby, so they didn't have to worry about being tracked.
Caesar walked to Suzaku's front, frowning, and asked: "Tell me Suzaku, why did you escape today?”
Suzaku remained silent, apparently he was not at ease with the person in front of him.
Caesar paused, then took out his platinum card for Suzaku to look at, and softly said: “You should be able to guess my identity right? The mech I'm driving today is called White Feather, it was made by Mr. Aston, the same as you. Your manufacturing process is similar, so it could easily invade your intelligence center."
Suzaku was silent for a while, then he finally asked: “You're…the Fourth Prince?”
Caesar nodded, then slowly said, “Suzaku, I have no malicious intentions. Your energy is exhausted, you can't escape, and the museum people are chasing you. If you don't want to be caught and brought back to the museum, it's best to tell me what's going on. Maybe I can think of a way to help you."
Suzaku’s red eyes flashed for a moment, then he said: “I don't want to be kept there like a prisoner. I’ve been waiting for a chance to escape all these years. But when they imprisoned me, they unloaded all the energy stores in my body, a machine cannot move without energy."
“Fortunately, when Mr. Aston made me, he installed a light conversion system, so I can store and use solar energy. Only Mr. Aston and my Master knew about it. These years, I've been taking advantage of the minutes during their daily inspections to accumulate light energy, so I could save enough energy for when I found a chance to escape ….."
Suzaku paused, "I don't know how Master is doing, I’d love to find him.”
Caesar asked, puzzled: “Master? You mean General Ling Yu?”
Suzuki said, “Yes, you know him?”
Caesar was silent.
About General Ling Yu, he only knew that he was the Night Corps' General who had injected illegal Omega inhibitors, and after being expelled from military, he was sentenced to life-long house arrest, but somehow he stole an armor and escaped Cepheus, then he encountered a cosmic sandstorm and was buried in the interstellar ruins.
This matter was over nineteen years old. The military dissolved the Night Corps and blocked all the news about the matter, and over the years, no one ever mentioned the name Ling Yu.
Caesar only knew this much because he'd visited Marshal Rosen’s house when he was a child and had inadvertently found Ling Yu's tomb in the back garden. The monument was engraved with 'The Imperial Night Corps, Tomb of General Ling Yu'. Caesar was very puzzled – Why did they stand a tombstone at a house, instead of the cemetery the Empire dedicates for burying martyrs?
After returning to the palace, the puzzled Caesar pestered his mother about this matter. The frustrated Queen Anna whispered the reason to him, and warned him not to mention it to anyone.
Caesar learned the cause and effect, and couldn't help but feel sorry for that very talented General Ling Yu. Child Caesar even felt that the military court people were too unreasonable, they actually expulsed General Ling Yu out of the army because he was an Omega.
Of course, he was only 10 years old, and a prince must be cautious, so he could only secretly say these thoughts in his heart.
The experience of General Ling Yu had very much touched Caesar's heart.
Unexpectedly, today he actually got a chance to witness the legendary exclusive armor of General Ling Yu – Suzaku!
Caesar was silent for a moment, then he said, “You want to find your Master? Don't you know he’s dead?”
Suzaku froze, "He ….. died?”
Caesar nodded: “He was sentenced to life-long house arrest by the military court, but he later took an armor and escaped Cepheus, encountered a cosmic sandstorm, and was buried in the interstellar ruins. It's been nineteen years.”
“…”
Nineteen years? He was imprisoned for so long…..
Suzaku was silent for a moment, he looked as sad as a robot could look, his head lowered.
Although the armors were a mixture of metal, their intelligence center was quite advanced, especially the S-Class armors, their intelligence center was modeled almost exactly after a human's nervous system. When a Master and armor stayed together for a long time, it was very normal for both of them to grow emotionally attached. Suzaku suddenly learned the news of his Master's death, it should be very sad, right?
Caesar didn't know how to comfort it, so he stayed silent.
But at the moment, Suzaku was thinking about another matter – according to his time estimates, he was separated from his Master after his arrest, if he really was dead as the man in front of him said, then, what about the child today?
Why does that child’s memory have General Ling Yu's figure?
Hidden in the depths of that child's memories, is a picture of General Ling Yu calling him son! In other words, Master is most likely not dead, and he even gave birth to that child?
As to where his Master went, and why the boy came here….
These mysteries could only be slowly solved by with him.
After a moment, Suzaku softly said: “Today, the child that was driving me, he is your classmate right? I would like to be his armor, I want to recognize him as my Master. Do you have a way to help me?"
Caesar was surprised and asked: “You want to recognize Lin Yuan as your Master? How much did he match with you?"
Suzaku said with certainty: “100%. And, because we had a spiritual collision this time, it affected the match. On the re-match, it should be more than 100%."
Caesar: “…”
Unlike the Alpha, Beta and Omega’s innate physical differences, the spiritual strength completely varies from person to person. The spiritual threshold was determined by innate genetics and intensive spiritual training. There were many Alpha who were physically stronger, but spiritually weaker than Beta or even genetically superior Omega.
—-Lin Yuan’s spiritual threshold is actually so high?!
Suzaku, besides being an S-Class mech, also had nearly three decades of memory as an S-Class mech. Even the experienced with armor driving combatants who knew the ins and out of machines like the back of their hands would be too afraid to risk driving it, but Lin Yuan was actually able to meet it with a 100% match?!
Caesar's mood felt complex: Just how many more shocking secrets does Lin Yuan’s body hold?
Are there any more like dropping an Alpha in three seconds? Or doing over a hundred consecutive somersaults without dizziness? And making even an S-Class mech want to recognize him as Master? No wonder someone secretly gave him the nickname Small Beta Monster, "Small Monster" are really apt words to describe him!
Caesar took a deep breath to calm down, and looked at Suzaku: “Suzaku, you should know already, who can own an S-Class mech is very strictly controlled. Even if you want to recognize Lin Yuan as Master, it has to go through the approval process from the Mech Association and a signature from the military council. Lin Yuan is only an ordinary cadet, the military won't agree to let a student own an S-Class mech."
Suzaku replied: “I know. That's why I want you to help me drop my hardware down to C.”
Caesar was startled, "A downgrade?”
“Yes.” Suzaku said: “I'm willing to become C-Class. An ordinary C-Class mech doesn't need to go through the Mech Association and the military council review. If I'm dropped down to C-Class and sent to Lin Yuan, no one will be suspicious.”
Caesar: “…”
Armor hardware installations were very strictly hardwired during the manufacturing process, upgrading the hardware was very troublesome, dismantling the hardware was even more trouble, and the process could very easily cause permanent damage, in most cases, it directly destroyed the mech.
No smart mech armor would willingly ask to be downgraded.
But Suzaku, in order to escape museum pursuit, was actually willing to drop to C-Class, anyone could see how painful its years of captivity must've been.
Disassembly and demotion, although the risk was high….. luckily they had Brain, the guy who has been handling mechs like they were toys since childhood, they could give it a try.
Caesar thought about it, then finally agreed: “All right, if you really want to recognize Lin Yuan as your Master, I have a way to help you.”
An S-Class mech couldn't be directly sent to Lin Yuan, so bringing Suzaku down to C-Class, then sending him to Lin Yuan was a good choice. More specifically, Suzaku’s intelligence center would remain S-Class, but his weapons and hardware would be temporarily removed. Afterwards, they needed to find a way to install them back. This was equivalent to making an S-Class IQ armor with a C-Class shell.
Lin Yuan would be very happy! If he had a mech armor with an S-Class intelligence center, he would probably laugh during his sleep right?
Thinking of Lin Yuan's black eyes full of joy and excitement, Caesar felt…..his heart warming, he couldn't wait to fulfill all of the boy's wishes.
Caesar looked at Suzaku and smiled: "It's an agreement, we'll put on a play together.” Caesar took out a small mech space button, “Come Suzaku, jump into the space button. I'll take you away from here.”
“Thank you.” Suzaku obediently jumped into the space button.
Caesar walked back into the bedroom with Suzaku, Lin Yuan was still asleep.
Because of the sedative, his sleep was very stable, his long and thick eyelashes casted a faint shadow on his face, and his bitten until bloody lips were healed, but very swollen, it looked particularly pity inducing.
Caesar sat on the bed and stretched out his hand to gently rub Lin Yuan’s hair.
The black hair slipped through his fingers, and its softness seemed to spread to his heart.
In the quiet space, there was only the sound of heartbeats and breathing.
The frequency of Caesar's heartbeat gradually accelerated while watching the boy's swollen lips, he even felt….. an impulse….to lean down…and kiss….
Oh shit……
White Feather's nagging
crow’s beak
seems to have hit the mark!
Could it be that … I really am attracted to this Small Beta Monster?
=========================================================
Chapter 024: Crystal Card Permission
At this time, the museum conference room was in chaos. Suzaku's sudden escape made curator Brutus profusely sweat in anxiousness, he immediately dispatched all the security in the museum, and even sent an emergency help signal to the military base. A mighty manhunt army rushed out from the museum, but after hunting for nearly half an hour, they still found nothing!
What was Suzaku? It was an S-Class mech!
An S-Class mech's speed was much faster than the average mech and warships by several degrees. Coupled with Suzaku's sudden escape being at lunch time, the time the museum defense's was the most relaxed since most people were on break, Suzaku would've already fled without a trace by the time they dropped their lunch and pursued him!
Tens of thousands of meters of high altitude, close to the speed of light, the red dot almost instantly disappeared before the eyes of the crowd!
“The tracking forces say that the target is fleeing in the direction of the Barila Grand Canyon! Full pursuit!"
“The target's trail has vanished!”
“The monitoring data is gone!”
“…”
Brutus sat in his office listening to the various reports on the army’s public channel, his wrinkled brow pulling down tighter.
At this time, shocking news suddenly passed through the communication channel: "We've discovered a smart mech ahead! It's moving in the direction of the museum at full speed! It's….. it's white? An S-Class!! The other side has issued a peace signal!"
Everyone was stunned.
What’s going on?
Is there a festival for S-Class mech today?
The red Suzaku fled, and a white one flew back, many people have never gotten a chance to see one powerful S-Class mech in their life, and today, they actually got to see two consecutively, it was too strange!
White Feather circled over the stunned crowd of people, proudly puffing his chest and spreading his wings as he flew around the museum, then he stopped at a high altitude, and followed Caesar's order to directly connect to the video channel in the director's room.
Seeing Caesar appear on the screen, Knox and Irene looked at each other in astonishment.
Irene hurried to the curator and whispered in his ear: “Curator, this is the Fourth Prince, His Royal Highness Caesar."
Brutus heard this and immediately turned to put his right hand on his chest, giving Caesar the respectful royal greeting ceremony.
“Your Highness.”
“There's no need to be so polite, curator.” Caesar smiled and said, “I came back to tell you about Suzaku's situation."
The words made the high level officers in the room immediately looked at each other in surprise.
Caesar's expression was calm as he said: “Today, at noon, I was on the 80 floor for the tour when I inadvertently heard crashing sounds on the roof. I doubtfully opened the door and walked up a stair case leading to another door, just in time to see Suzaku break the electromagnetic chains that imprisoned him and escape the museum.”
“I immediately summoned White Feather and perused him, but unfortunately, Suzaku’s speed was too fast, I and White Feather were a step behind him and even our fastest speed couldn't catch up with it. Suzaku flew over the Barila Grand Canyon, but its energy exhausted and he crashed."
Caesar said with regret: “I’m really sorry, I didn't save it in time. I could only watch it fall to pieces, and be buried among the countless stones at the bottom of the Grand Canyon."
White Feather: “………………”
His Majesty Prince was really talented at lying through his teeth and passionately calling it the truth. If he hadn't just frantically saved Ancestor Suzaku with his Master, he would almost believe Caesar's fabricated regretful story!
White Feather couldn't help but give his Master a thumbs up in his heart.
Brutus was somewhat doubtful of Caesar's explanation, but the other side was the prince, he couldn't be easily questioned. But Lieutenant Colonel Knox looked at Caesar and seriously asked: “What about Lin Yuan?"
The monitoring center in the museum was destroyed by Suzaku, obviously, Suzaku’s escape was premeditated. No one knew what happened at the time, but when they assembled at noon, Caesar was missing, and so was Lin Yuan. Knox believed that this matter was certainly related to Lin Yuan.
Caesar frankly said: “Lin Yuan heard the movement on the roof with me, we chased him together. Lin Yuan was in White Feather's cockpit, but because it was his first ride in an S-Class mech, his body was not accustomed to the pressure, so he got a severe headache. He's resting."
Caesar transferred the transmission to the bedroom's camera, everyone saw the quietly sleeping Lin Yuan.
The crowd looked at each other, but stayed silent.
Seeing that no one was casting doubt, Caesar smiled and said: “This is the case. I don't know why Suzaku escaped, but unfortunately I couldn't stop him. I'm sorry, curator."
“…..” Brutus' old face suddenly flushed, he didn't expect His Royal Highness Prince to not only be humble and courteous, he even apologized to him. Brutus hurriedly said, “Your Highness, you're too polite. This is not your fault, Suzaku obviously planned this out for a long time. It wanted to escape and we were the ones that couldn't stop it. We didn't think it would actually have a secret energy source in its body, we were too negligent!"
Suzaku naturally deliberated for a long time, every day it used its few minutes of light to collect light energy, secretly storing it. If Lin Yuan and Caesar hadn't accidently gotten involved today, it would've really fled.
Caesar said: “Since it's already happened, then you can only do a good job with the aftermath. No one can predict such an accident.”
Brutus immediately nodded: “Yes, Your Highness!”
Caesar turned to Irene, "Instructor, Lin Yuan feels very uncomfortable, I want to take him back to school, can I?"
Irene thought for a moment and said, “All right, take him back. We'll come visit him later when we have a chance.”
Caesar smiled and said, “Thank you instructor.”
After cutting off the video call, Caesar instructed White Feather to turn towards the direction of the San Romia Military Academy.
In the cockpit, White Feather projected his intelligence center as a pure white feather, and floated in a circle around Caesar, then it stopped on Caesar's shoulder and fawningly rubbed Caesar’s face.
Unfortunately, since it was a virtual feather, when it touched Caesar's face, it directly phased through his face, it made a strange picture.
Caesar ignored it and went into the bedroom to look on Lin Yuan.
White Feather couldn't be reconciled. It turned into a virtual Lin Yuan, jumped in front of Caesar and fawningly hugged him, he also rubbed his face against Caesar's face.
Caesar: “…”
Although it was only a phantom, a lifelike Lin Yuan was embracing him, Caesar suddenly stiffened and glared at White Feather as he snapped: “Are you tired of living?! You think I won't send you in for scrap metal?!"
“…..” White Feather, who failed to please his Master two times, frustratedly turned into a small White Feather and said in a wronged voice, “I just wanted to know how you intend to deal with Ancestor Suzaku …..”
Listening to the mech's wronged voice, Caesar’s expression slightly eased.
He'd gotten too agitated when White Feather had turned into Lin Yuan and pounced on him, it went beyond Caesar's bottom line. Usually, no matter how noisy White Feather was, he wouldn't be angry, but when it turned into Lin Yuan, Caesar suddenly felt angry.
Lin Yuan was special, he couldn't be replaced by illusions. He couldn't allow White Feather to become Lin Yuan and do such excessive actions! He respected Lin Yuan, so he hoped White Feather could also respect Lin Yuan…..
This was probably the reason right?
Caesar took a deep breath and suppressed his inexplicable rise of anger, then he stretched out his hand and gently touched White Feather. This was only a symbolic soothing action, he couldn't really touch an illusion, but it made White Feather's mood instantly improve.
– Is Master showing favor to me?
– Great, Master really likes me!
White Feather immediately flew up and arrogantly stopped on top of Caesar's head.
Caesar: “…”Looking at the guy jumping non-stop on his head, Caesar helplessly said: “Okay, I'll tell you how I'll handle Suzaku."
Caesar took out a necklace from his pocket, a diamond-shaped red crystal on a silver chain. The crystal shined under the light, it looked particularly delicate and beautiful…..
This was a gift Queen Anna had given him when he was little, a crystal necklace that could be used as a space button.
Caesar smiled and said: “I put Suzaku in this space button, I'll present it to Lin Yuan as a gift."
A gift?
In other words, Suzaku will later be Lin Yuan’s mech?
He was the Prince's mech, Suzaku was the Prince Consort's mech, if the two mechs flew together, they would look very harmonious. One white, one red, flying side by side, it would look very beautiful, a very good fit!
White Feather was immersed in a beautiful and romantic fantasy, unable to come out.
“I told those people Suzaku crashed, I naturally can't give Suzaku directly to Lin Yuan. When I go back, I'll ask Brian for help to downgrade Suzaku’s hardware, so he can be temporarily transformed into a C- Class look-alike.”
Caesar paused, "Next month is the annual mech competition, as long as you qualify for the national finals, you can directly earn a C-Class mech driver certificate. And this year’s competition has C-Class mechs as the first three prizes. Lin Yuan just has to get into the top three, and I can switch his mech reward with Suzaku, this way, it won't arouse suspicion."
White Feather excitedly said: “This approach is good! But Master, are you sure he'll be able to get into the top three? Don't underestimate the mech competition, experts are as common as the clouds in the nationals!"
Caesar gave White Feather a 'stop being foolish' look and said, “I think he can do it, his spiritual threshold match with Suzaku reached 100%. Obviously, he has an innate talent for mech operation."
Caesar paused and looked back at the boy quietly sleeping on the bed, his expression gradually turned gentle.
“Even if he doesn’t get into the top three, I'm here."
“—I’ll win the prize for him.”
***
Caesar made White Feather fly directly over the military school, precisely position itself over a large open space by the dormitory, then shrunk. After he passed the military defense network password verification, he directly landed.
One or two of the students, who were training in the training ground, unintentionally looked up and thought they saw a momentary illusion of….. a white feather suddenly dropping to the rear of the dormitories?
Caesar didn't want to attract attention, so he chose this time and place to quietly land. White Feather fell to the ground, and Caesar immediately jumped out from the cockpit holding Lin Yuan. He put away the mech, walked into the dormitory, and gently rested the boy on the bed in his bedroom.
When Lin Yuan woke up, he found himself in his bedroom.
The familiar environment collided with his still messy memory fragments, so he laid in a daze for a moment. His eyes gradually focused and he noticed the other person in the room, Caesar was sitting at his bedside, gently looking at him.
“Up?” Seeing Lin Yuan's confused look, Caesar couldn't help but smile. He got up, poured a cup of warm water and handed it over, "Drink a little bit of water, you sweated too much."
“….. Oh.” Lin Yuan took the cup and silently drank. After draining half the cup, he remembered reality and looked up at Caesar in surprise, "How am I in the dormitory? Yeah, what the heck went on today? What's with that red mech…."
Lin Yuan said this and couldn't help but frown.
His head was hurting him, and messy memories continuously slipped into his mind, like a sharp knife cutting the nerves of his brain.
The waves of pain assaulting his head made Lin Yuan clutch his head, his expression twisted.
Caesar hurried forward, gently grasped Lin Yuan’s arm and softly said: “Don't think, calm down first…..Don’t think about it…..”
Lin Yuan listened to Caesar's words and calmed down some, but he still felt initiated by his messy memories.
Night Corps? General? Master? Omega? Inhibitor?
What is this mess?!
And daddy? Where did these memories come from….
Lin Yuan looked vacantly at Caesar.
Caesar’s saw the plea for help in his eyes and immediately patiently explained: "Don't worry, today you met an S-Class mech called Suzaku. It has a few decades worth of memory, so when you drove it and engaged in a spirit match, you exchanged memories. The strange memories in your mind came from its experiences over the past few decades."
Lin Yuan felt a little peace of mind after hearing Caesar's explanation,
– Was it really memories from the mech?
But those memories were too realistic, he could even feel Suzaku's joy, anger, loneliness and pain….. Those things obviously never happened to him, but he still felt empathy, as if he'd also experienced them. Owning another person’s memory made Lin Yuan feel very strange, like he'd sneaked into someone else’s mind and peeped on their past.
But….. it doesn't matter. It was just a really long dream, although it would've been better if it was a dream of a wonderful experience.
Anyway, it already happened, and he couldn't get surgery to wash the memories out, right?
Lin Yuan scratched his head, smiled and said: “S-Class mech are really powerful huh?"
He quickly accepted the fact that he was forcibly injected with memories and no longer dwelled on it, he said with an easy going tone: "It’s hard to drive an S-Class mech, I didn't know what to do."
Caesar looked at his pretending to be relaxed smile, and couldn't help but feel some heartache.
Fortunately, Lin Yuan's nature was cheerful optimism, if someone else was in his situation, and strange memories were inexplicably poured into their mind, even if they didn't have a mental breakdown, they would feel uncomfortable for a long time. They might even need a psychiatrist to treat them and help them adjust their psyche.
But Caesar was still relieved that Lin Yuan had quickly accepted reality, and no longer seemed confused.
Caesar hesitated for a moment, then he finally asked the question he really wanted to ask –
“Lin Yuan, how did you open the door in the corridor today?”
Lin Yuan froze for a moment, in fact, he'd also found it very strange. The exit of the corridor was locked up, and he'd just curiously brushed his card on the door. His school id card didn't budge it, but somehow, the card his mother had given him easily opened it up?
Lin Yuan thought, then decided to tell Caesar, "The door had a sensor to unlock it. I brushed my crystal card and went in."
Caesar was silent for a moment, "Can you show me your crystal card?”
Lin nodded, took the crystal card out from his pocket, and handed it to Caesar.
It was a platinum crystal card printed with the Cepheus galaxy pentagonal insignia in pale silver. Except for that, there was no other symbols.
“…..” Caesar immediately froze in place.
This was the dedicated card for the royal family, the highest authorized gold card granted by His Majesty Trent.
It could even open the gates of the Lacey Imperial Palace.
Chapter 025: Caesar Blushes
In the Lacey Empire, everyone was born with a card that was like a proof of identity, that card would automatically execute fingerprint identification, directly binding with the owner's fingerprint. It not only acted as a proof of identity, it could also be used to manage bank deposits, act as a membership card for many establishments, a voucher for leasing etc. It's a very convenient card when you travel around the Empire.
This life-long identity card, because it binds to the owner's fingerprint, even if it gets lost and picked up by others, they couldn't use it. It has one of the greatest security guarantees.
Looking at the highest level gold card, a symbol of royal status, the always calm Caesar's mind was suddenly in chaos.
Lin Yuan’s card was exactly the same as his card!
He could use this card, meaning, when he was born the card was identified and bounded to his fingerprints….. In other words, when he was born, His Majesty Trent gave him the highest authority.
This was obviously the royal family members' treatment ah!
This guy, he can't by my father's illegitimate child right?
Can there be such a melodramatic plot? This was simply another one of Brian's favorite melodramatic romance movies, but even more exaggerated! After a long emotional struggle, he admits to liking Lin Yuan, just for Lin Yuan to be his half-brother, how laughable…..
Caesar looked at Lin Yuan, who was in front of him.
Seeing Caesar’s somewhat strange expression, Lin Yuan scratched his head and asked, puzzled: “There's something wrong with the card?”
Caesar coughed and said: “No problem … you, you should rest early.”
Caesar turned away from Lin Yuan’s bedroom.
After Caesar left, Lin Yuan finally relaxed. When Caesar was sitting by his bedside and looking at him with tenderness, he'd felt his blood flow speed up and his heartbeat go out of control again.
Being enveloped by his warm Alpha pheromone made even Lin Yuan feel an impulse….. to jump into his arms.
….Really, his immune system must have failed again.
Lin Yuan quickly got up, took out the box of medicine in the drawer and ate a piece.
After taking the medicine he felt a gaze on him from the side. Lin Yuan looked back and saw Hobby squatting in the corner, staring at his medicine bottle, anxiously drooling.
Lin Yuan: “…..”
Lin Yuan walked over and picked up Hobby, touched its ears and asked: "Hungry?”
Hobby immediately nodded enthusiastically.
Lin Yuan smiled, took it down to the dining room, picked out its favorite cheese and fed it dinner.
***
At the moment, Caesar was inside his bedroom, using his light tablet to search for information with a serious expression.
He used the highest authority account password, entering the Imperial Population Statistics Center, and easily found Lin Yuan's detailed family background information –
Lin Yuan, 18 years old, male Beta, born on December 24, cosmic calendar 780, Planet Rennes.
Father- Lin Wei Cheng, Imperial Army soldier, graduated from San Romia Military Academy, Mech Control Department. After graduation, he entered the Night Corps as a vanguard soldier, very low key. A few years later, the Night Corps' head died and Ling Yu took over. He discovered Lin Wei Cheng's hidden talent and promoted him to vanguard battalion commander, and his rank was upgraded from second lieutenant to colonel.
Later on, Ling Yu had an accident and the Night Corps was forced to disband, but Lin Wei Cheng remained on the front line. During a tense battle, he drove his mech into the enemy camp and triggered a self-destruct device, destroying the federal enemy, a heroic sacrifice.
Mother- Wang Ruo, a housewife with no background, stayed at home to take care of the children. The husband and wife were childhood friends, they had deep feelings for each other and had two children, Lin Yuan and a daughter called Lin Yao.
Lin Yuan was four years old the year Lin Wei Cheng died, Mrs. Lin couldn't go out to work because of poor health, so they lived by virtue of the government's meager pension pay out every month. She lived frugally, bearing her cross with her two children Lin Yao and Lin Yuan.
Because of the hardships at home, Lin Yao went to work at 18, opening a cake shop in Planet Rennes.
Lin Yuan was a very clever child, first in his class since primary school. He took the military open enrollment test last year and was admitted to San Romia Military Academy with 300 points, outstanding achievements.
Caesar looked at the detailed information and slightly frowned, his initially chaotic thoughts gradually calmed down.
Lin Yuan’s family background looked very simple, his father sacrificed on the battlefield, his stay at home mother taking care of the children….. Such a single-parent family was quite common in the successive years of the Empire's war. If not for the gold card, Caesar wouldn't doubt Lin Yuan's life experience after seeing such information.
Lin Yuan….. Was probably not the Lin Wei Cheng husband and wife's child.
He had the highest authority gold card issued by his father, so he must have a great connection to the palace. There were only two possibilities.
One, he was his father's illegitimate son. Since he was his father's not pure blooded Beta child, his father, in order to not to let his existence destroy the feelings between himself and the Queen and the palace's order, secretly sent him away, giving him the highest authority gold card, letting him be raised by a family he trusted.
– This possibility had the smallest chance of being true.
Because, both Lin Yuan and himself were 18 years old, born in the same year. According to the gossip among the palace servants, his mother's health was very poor during her pregnancy, so his father always stuck to her side. Caesar believed that his father, distressed by his pregnant wife's complications, wouldn't have the mood to cheat and give birth to a Beta son outside the palace.
– So there was only the second possibility.
His father gave this card to his very trusted subordinate. In his father's eyes, the child of that person was no different than even his biological children! In other words, Lin Yuan’s biological parents' identity must be very complicated, and they were likely Trent His Majesty's highly trusted people!
Because of the high esteem of his parents, when Lin Yuan was born, his father directly gave this card to the boy as a gift!
The reason why Lin Yuan was so smart and excellent was definitely linked to his biological parents' power!
Remembering his father's sudden contact a few days ago, when he'd pretended to inadvertently mention Lin Yuan, Caesar was more affirmed of his conjecture! His father absolutely knew about Lin Yuan and the card's existence, and apparently, he also knew about Lin Yuan’s life experience!
Caesar no longer hesitated to take out his communicator and sent a video request to the Imperial Palace. The communicator was quickly connected.
The interior of the palace appeared on the projection screen.
At the moment, the King and Queen Anna were sitting on the sofa, and his gloomy faced royal brother was sitting next to them.
Caesar’s forehead immediately dripped with cold sweat.
–Why were these people gathered together today? It made him feel self-conscious to ask his father about Lin Yuan.
Even more ridiculous, the palace's atmosphere was very tense, the situation seemed to be very bad. Trent His Majesty was looking at the gloomy faced big prince, he snapped: “
Sylvan
, don't push my patience! You need to hold a wedding before the end of this year!”
Sylvan resolutely said: “I'm a man, why should I be
given away in marriage
? If I can take a Prince Consort, I'd have no opinion at all, but it's impossible to force me to be married away!”
Queen Anna rubbed her temples to ease her headache and said in a gently tone: “Sylvan, you're an Omega ….. How can you take a Prince Consort …..?"
Sylvan raised his eyebrows, not convinced: “What about Omega? Omega must be given away in marriage? Both my younger sisters are already married. Could it be that the palace cannot support one prince, so you have to send me away to be a broodmare for a lifetime?"
Here, the ignored communication device lit up, and Sylvan finally noticed Caesar on the projection screen. He immediately walked over as if finding a savior: “Caesar, quickly say a few words for your brother! Hurry up!"
Caesar: “………………”
After a long silence, Caesar suppressed a smile and said: “
Wang Xiong
, you're already 24 years old, isn't it better to choose an Alpha for marriage early? There are so many Alpha, you can't pick one you like? Do you want to use inhibitors for a lifetime?”
No one can fight against nature.
Of course, under Sylvan's cold, knife sharp eyes, Caesar wouldn't dare say this sentence.
Sylvan blankly glanced at his younger brother, then directly turned off the communicator.
Caesar scratched his nose and sat back at his desk.
His Wang Xiong’s temper has always been irritable, advocating the use of force since childhood, married to fighting. The Royal Guard looked at the bigger prince as if seeing the devil, longing to shrink themselves down and hide in the ground.
Brian was right, for an Omega, the big prince was too violent.
Such a violent Omega, no one would dare marry him…
He was also picky, his gaze very high, looking at those Alpha with complete dislike. Since he turned 18 he has been injecting inhibitors, now he was 24 years old and didn't want to get married, and his father and mother had no way to handle him.
After ten minutes, Trent His Majesty finally quelled the palace's "Family war" and sent the insensitive Sylvan away for self-reflection. After the big prince returned to his own palace, the king took the initiative to send over a communication request.
Caesar immediately connected and respectfully greeted: “Father.”
Trent asked: “Caesar, why were you looking for me?”
Caesar quickly said: “I wanted to report to you about the situation at the Military Museum today.”
Trent nodded: “Right, I already know about the museum, you handled it well, but ….. Is Suzaku really as you said, did he crash into the canyon?"
Caesar replied: “No.”
Trent smiled and said, “Very good. It’s a good habit to tell the truth to your father. What's going on with the mech debris at the bottom of the canyon then?”
Caesar explained: “I found a pile of red mech parts in White Feather's storage and threw them to the bottom of the canyon among the boulders. It's disguised as Suzaku's crash site to avoid suspicion.”
Trent frowned: “What is your reasoning for such an action?”
Caesar said: "Having Suzaku locked up in the museum is not the best way to deal with him. Suzaku’s former owner is dead, the mech doesn't need to be implicated and kept in captivity. Suzaku was the Empire's best S-Class mech, it wants to recognize a new master and I think there's no problem with that. So it should not only be released, it should be allowed to play a greater role outside."
“Re-recognize a master?” Trent’s brow tightly wrinkled, “Suzaku said he wanted to recognize a new master?”
“He chose Lin Yuan. Lin Yuan accidentally entered Suzaku's cockpit today, and his spirit fused with Suzaku. Incredibly, the matching degree reached 100% and Suzaku recognized him."
“Lin Yuan?” Trent mused in silence for a moment, then said, "The Empire's control of S-Class mech is very strict, an ordinary student is not qualified to have an S-Class mech. You want to transfer Suzaku to Lin Yuan, do you have a plan?"
"I've thought of it." Caesar seriously said, "The prize for the first three winners in the mech competition is a C-Class mech. I intend to use the one month until the competition to convert Suzaku into a C-Class mech, then secretly switch the prize. We can deceive everyone, and after Suzaku becomes a temporary C-Class mech, no one will suspect."
Trent smiled and said: "Deceive everyone that Suzaku has crashed, while disguising it as a C-Class mech and switching it with Lin Yuan's prize. If anything goes wrong in the middle, you'll have to eat the consequences. If the military found out that you released Suzaku privately, even your father cannot protect you!"
Trent stood up and stared deeply at his youngest son, “Caesar, is Lin Yuan important to you? Do you have to take such a big risk for him?”
Caesar was stunned for a moment, for some reason, his face wanted to heat up at his father's question.
Caesar quickly explained: “Lin Yuan is my very good friend, he's also very talented at mech control. Even rarer, he and Suzaku had a spirit match of 100%. I think leaving Suzaku to him will have the best outcome."
Trent looked at his son for a moment, then smiled and asked: “You don't doubt Lin Yuan's identity?"
Caesar: “…”
“I have been monitoring Lin Yuan’s crystal card. He used his card to open the top door of the museum today, you realized that right? He has exactly the same card as you. Don’t you want to ask me questions, like if he’s your half-brother?”
Trent said this, but his suggestion unexpectedly eliminated all of Caesar's suspicions. Caesar looked up at him and said: “Father, I believe you wouldn't betray mother. But I'm very curious, who exactly are Lin Yuan’s biological parents? Who is worthy of such high value?"
Trent lightly said: "It's enough for you to know that I value that child. Since you believe in your father, just continue to believe. I will tell you everything when the time is ripe.”
The communication was cut off, and Caesar had no choice but to turn off the communicator.
Since his father said so, he couldn't cross-examine further. Perhaps Lin Yuan’s identity is very confidential? When the time is ripe? What is father’s plan? What is he waiting for?
Although Caesar was the prince, after all, he was only eighteen years old, and he has never participated in the imperial government. If Lin Yuan’s life experience really involved too many confidential secrets, and his father refused to tell him, Caesar could only temporarily depress the doubts in the bottom of his heart. A hasty pursuit of truth might interfere with his father’s plans.
Feeling his stomach grumble in hunger, Caesar walked back to the dining room to look for something to eat and suddenly entered into a heartwarming scene.
– Lin Yuan was holding Hobby in his arms, patiently feeding it. Hobby obediently laid in his arms, happily eating cheese, Lin Yuan’s face also had a clear smile.
Holding the pet and smiling, the outline of the teenager's face seemed inexplicably soft, his clear black eyes matching the eyes of the guy in his arms, like a pair of beautiful black gems. His slightly bent lips revealed a sunny smile, and his pajamas gave him a relaxed and comfy look, his whole person exuding a lazy atmosphere…..
The 18-year-old boy’s unique tender and sexy temperament was vividly on display at the moment.
Caesar heard the sound of his heart rapidly pounding.
He even felt that if the Hobby Lin Yuan was holding was replaced with a baby, there would be no sense of violation.
Lin Yuan was holding a child and feeding it, just imagining it felt very warm and happy….. Of course, it’s better if that child was born from him….. If it could look like Lin Yuan, a rounder and shorter version of Lin Yuan, it would be super cute.
–Wait a minute! Caesar you beast, what the hell are you thinking?
“Caesar?” Lin Yuan looked up and saw his suddenly appeared in the room, standing stiffly like a statue as if struck by a lightening, roommate, and asked with some puzzlement, "What's wrong?"
Hobby also immediately raised his head and looked up at Caesar, puzzled, as if to ask: “Prince, His Royal Highness, what’s the matter?”
Under Lin Yuan and Hobby's black and clear eyes, Caesar's face suddenly burst with heat, and he quickly avoided Lin Yuan and the pet's sight, pretending to calmly say: “I'm just hungry. I came out to find something to eat."
He walked stiffly to the fridge and took out a box of cookies.
Then he turned stiffly and walked back to his bedroom, closing the door.
Lin Yuan: “…..”
Hobby: “…”
Looking at the direction of the disappearing Caesar, Lin Yuan thought with some puzzlement: Does he have a leg cramp ah? Why did he walk so awkwardly and stiffly, as if trying to keep his body in a straight line ah?
Hobby excitedly thought: His Majesty the Prince blushed! His Majesty the Prince was blushing!
===========================================================
Chapter 026: Sleepless Roommates
Caesar indeed had flushed cheeks, because he'd seen Lin Yuan hugging and feeding Hobby, looking relaxed and comfortable in his pajamas, his open collar exposing his delicate and beautiful collarbone. His white slender neck, his tender and sexy youthful body, made Caesar's mouth dry out, and his lower half was actually shamelessly hard…..
Caesar quickly ran into his shower and opened the faucet.
The cold water poured down on his head, which made him feel a little calmer.
Lin Yuan's pajama-wearing look was really too exciting, his Alpha pheromones suddenly increased, and his body produced a very strong physiological response.
– It was even more intense than when he'd taken the Omega Pheromone Resistance Training class.
Of course, the smell of Omega pheromone had given him a reaction at that time, but it was only because of his Alpha instincts, but now, his reaction to Lin Yuan had risen to the top of psychological desire.
His love for Lin Yuan was almost beyond a doubt. His heartbeat spoke loudly, and even his body was filling with intense longing…..
He wanted to protect him, wanted to embrace him, he even wanted to….. to fiercely hold him…..
Caesar remembered the hurried glimpse he'd gotten that day in the bathroom clearly. Lin Yuan's lean and supple waist, his straight and long legs, white skin, firm upturned butt….. The close to perfection body had long been imprinted in Caesar's mind.
He hadn't cared at that time, but now if he recalled it, Caesar would almost get a nosebleed.
Imaging Lin Yuan's naked and pressed down body, kissing him, holding him, entering his body in various positions…..
Caesar blushed more fiercely, his fingers couldn't help but grasp the still anticipatorily hard member of his body, and rub it up and down vigorously.
The bathroom was soon filled with the heavy breathing of His Highness the Prince.
***
The Lin Yuan that was being pressed down countless times in his roommate's imagination knew nothing of his roommate's change in feelings, he was still joyfully sitting in the dining room.
He was really hungry, he'd only had breakfast today. Lunch time he'd encountered Suzaku’s escape and expended too much strength in the spiritual struggle with Suzaku, then he was unconscious throughout the afternoon. Now it was night time and his stomach was empty, hungry enough to knot his intestines.
Anyway, Caesar had said he could eat all he liked, so Lin Yuan was no longer polite, he raided the refrigerator and walked out with a pile of food for supper.
Super delicious biscuits, excellent cheese, plus a surprising variety of barbecue and canned fish, this really is the best happiness!
Lin Yuan was chowing down when the door behind him suddenly beeped, Brian walked in, saw the table full of food in the dining room, and his eyes immediately lit up, he smiled and said: “I was just starting to feel hungry, hey, let's take more out."
So, Brian took out a bunch of his favorite foods from the refrigerator, and the two began inhaling their food piles.
When Snow came back, he saw this scene –
Two boys plus a pet were engrossed in gorging themselves with food in the dining room, the table was filled with a variety of food bags, it looked very spectacular.
Brian noticed Snow and immediately stood up, one hand took his hand bag, the other hand pulled Snow into the dining room. He pulled out a stool to let Snow sit down, smiled and said: “Snow, come sit and eat with us, I’ll pour you a glass of water."
Snow: “…”
Snow, who was invited into the dining room by Brian in such a kiss up way, looked at Lin Yuan in embarrassment.
Fortunately, all of Lin Yuan’s attention was on his food, he completely didn't notice Snow’s red ears, he enthusiastically handed Snow a pair of chopsticks, smiled and said: “Come, eat some barbecue, it's super delicious.”
“I’m not hungry.” Snow said.
Brian quickly poured a glass of warm water and handed it to Snow, he smiled and said: “Come for tea then, I boiled your favorite black tea."
A pair of blue eyes stared directly into Snow's, as if to say, quickly praise me….. Praise me….. Praise me…..
Snow looked away, embarrassed: “Thank you.”
Brian was immediately contented, he turned and sat next to Snow, graciously handing him a meat dish, "Come on, eat a bit, this is the specialty of Cepheus ….. This is also very tasty, try it and see….. and this is …"
The small plate in front of him was soon piled up like a hill, Snow blushed in embarrassment.
Lin Yuan was completely unaware that he was the third-wheel, he continued bickering with Hobby over the food heap.
When the three people finally finished eating all the food on the table, it was 11:30pm. Lin Yuan hugged Hobby and walked away, satisfied, Snow turned back to his bedroom, and Brian immediately followed him.
Snow: “…”
Looking back at Brian who had trailed him like a shadow to his bedroom, Snow was at a loss for words.
Snow frowned: “Is there anything else?”
Brian smiled and asked: “Are you feeling okay today? When I woke up this morning, you had already left. Is the headache from yesterday gone?”
Snow looked away and said, “I'm fine.”
Brian scratched his head, “Oh…Well if you feel uncomfortable, don't try to be brave, go to the infirmary for assurance."
Snow was silent for a moment, then he suddenly said, “Brian, thank you for sending me back last night. Also, I just want to be your roommate, please don't over think things … and I already have girlfriend."
In the Empire, it was not uncommon for Alpha males and Beta males to marry, so when a Beta already has a lover, the words needed to be clearly said, it was also necessary to maintain a certain friendly distance with Alpha.
Brian suddenly froze in place, "Girl-girlfriend?”
Snow nodded, “Yup, well I'm going to take a bath, goodnight.”
“…”
Looking at Snow disappearing in the direction of his bathroom, Brian stood in place, as if struck by lightning.
If Lin Yuan was here, he would be very puzzled: What’s going on with Brian and Caesar today? Both with expressions as if struck by lightning? Such a rare expression should be photographed to commemorate it!
***
Brian went back to his bedroom, his depressed mood indescribable!
When he'd heard Snow say he had a girlfriend, anger had suddenly risen straight into his head!
How could Snow have a girlfriend?
How, could, he, have, a, girl, friend!?
Thinking carefully, his assumptions were wrong, he was a Beta boy, love was a freedom, marriage was a right, why couldn't he have a girlfriend? He could even have a boyfriend! Why do you have a complaint about his private affairs?
Brian sat on his bed with a blank expression, he pulled at his hair in annoyance.
The intelligent mech Little Blue, hidden in the space button on his wrist, responsibly advised: “Master, your heart rate has exceeded the normal range by 1.5 times, your blood pressure has also risen ….. Do you want some medicine?"
Little Blue had just finished talking when Brian jumped straight out of the bed, angrily grabbed a bed pillow, and fiercely smashed it.
Little Blue: “…”
Brian quickly calmed down and sat back down on the bed, then he smiled and asked Little Blue: “Did you say something?”
Little Blue: “…”
Little Blue almost crashed from fright!
Brian narrowed his eyes and touched his chin, “Snow’s girlfriend huh… I'm suddenly very interested in this person…”
Little Blue couldn't help but tremble.
Last time, when Brian had squinted and said “I'm very interested in it”, not three days later, he'd dismantled that mech into elementary pieces…..
Little Blue suddenly felt infinite sympathy for the “girlfriend” Brian was very interested in.
***
In the next door bedroom, Snow was lying in his bathtub, frowning, finally he couldn't help but replace the warm water with cold water.
Probably because of his recent intense emotional fluctuations, his body’s pheromones were repeatedly fluctuating, always unable to stabilize. Last night, he'd used three inhibitors to forcibly suppress it, it seemed that he had to increase the amount to 4 tablets today.
– This happened because Brian always shamelessly tries to get closer to him.
The performance of these batch of inhibitors were discounted, and his resistance was decreasing because Brian was one of the purest blooded Alpha, his pheromone was very rich, so every time he got closer to him, it was tantamount to challenging the effectiveness of his inhibitors.
Brian stuck to him like
gorilla glue
all day long, making Snow feel very distressed.
An Alpha with rich pheromones was the most intense aphrodisiac for estrus-aged Omega.
He had only pulled his wrist and pressed him into the dining room for a moment, but if it wasn't for Lin Yuan’s presence, Snow would've almost punched him in the eye again.
The feeling of being enveloped by an Alpha’s pheromone was confusing him, he could no longer allow Brian to get so close to him. With a girlfriend as a lame excuse, it should temporarily ease some of the clinginess right?
Although he'd chosen to drive Brian away, when he'd seen the guy's frozen in place with shock look, Snow’s heart had suddenly felt a little uneasy.
Was this lame excuse really okay? Why did he suddenly feel a bad premonition…..?
***
Lin Yuan hugged Hobby and went back to his bedroom, put Hobby to bed, and sat in front of his table in a daze.
It was late into the night, the surroundings were finally quiet, but Lin Yuan’s mood was still unable to calm down.
Those messy memory fragments in his mind, as well as the crystal card that could unexpectedly open the museum's security door, were making Lin Yuan once again suspicious of his life experience.
His memory began at the age of four, from his memories, he knew that his father had died on the battlefield, so he only had his mother and sister. He'd never doubted this, even when his dreams occasionally had a man's gentle voice, he'd thought it was memories with his father from before he was four.
But today…
Inexplicably, he actually felt that Suzaku's memory of the General, and his memories of his father were very similar!
A cold yet gentle voice, even the speaking manner was exactly the same!
Even more surprising, today he'd actually remembered some of the fragmented memories from before he was four, he remembered living on a warm planet, in a beach-front cabin, his father giving him a cake, teaching him to read the word "cake”. He also remembered that his father had sent him to the cold Planet Rennes, handing him over to a stranger, turning away and leaving…
He was injected with a strange drug, and from then on, he'd remembered nothing about what happened before the age of four.
If these memories were true, then there was only one possibility – he was injected with an anesthetic, and then they carried out a memory removal surgery. His memories from before the age of four were deliberately washed away!
A slight deviation probably occurred during the surgery, and a little bit of memory was not cleared, but suppressed in the depths of his mind, giving him some strange dreams for the past few years. Today, when he was forced to exchange memory with Suzaku, the huge spiritual impact completely released that part of his residual memory.
But those were just scraps of memory fragments, he simply couldn't piece them together completely. Moreover, they were from before the age of four, he was, after all, too small, he didn't remember his father’s appearance.
– What was the relationship between his dad and the so-called Night Corps?
Lin Yuan was very puzzled, he opened his light tablet to search a bit, but found that there was only one search hit on the Night Corps, and it was from 19 years ago when the military court announced the dissolution of the Night Corps. Except for that, there was no other record about the Night Corps.
Lin Yuan replaced the keywords, General, Suzaku, Issyville galaxy…
He searched for a long time, but still didn't get any valuable information.
He really couldn't sleep, Lin Yuan sent a message to Lin Yao: “Sis, are you asleep? Is it convenient to call?"
The message was sent for less than ten seconds, Lin Yu immediately sent him a video request, Lin Yuan connected to the communication device to see his sister sitting in bed with pajamas on the projection screen, apparently she was about to go to bed.
“What's wrong, Xiao Yuan?” Lin Yao asked, puzzled, "So late, why aren't you asleep ah?"
Lin Yuan directly asked: "Sis, how much do you remember about dad?”
Lin Yao stared blankly for a moment, “You're asking about daddy? He died in battle when we were very young ah. I was about six years old, so my impression of him is very vague, even now I can't remember what he looks like."
Lin Yuan was silent for a moment, then he said: “Why's there not even a single photo of dad at home?”
Lin Yao smiled: “Dad was a soldier. Before, the times when the troops returned home every year was extremely small, when would he find the time to take photos? Oh right, I think mom has a photo, their wedding photo. It should be the only photo we have left of dad, mom secretly hid them. She should be asleep, wait here ah, I'll steal them for you to see."
Lin Yao's voice faded as she snuck out the door, creeping into their mother’s bedroom. She took out a crystal photo frame from her mother’s drawer, then quietly walked back into her room.
Lin Yuan: “…..”
Sis, you missed your calling as a thief!
Lin Yao held up the stolen photo, pointing it at the communication device, "See? This is dad and mom's marriage photo, there's only this one, too precious, so mom locked it up. You were too naughty when you were small, you always randomly tore things up when you felt like it. She was afraid you'd ruin this last photo, so she lied to you and said there weren't any photos of dad." Lin Yao paused, “When you grew up, you never asked to see dad's photos again, in fact, you never really brought dad up at all, so mom probably forgot about it."
“…..” So that's how it was.
After reaching the age of sensibility, Lin Yuan really had never mentioned father in front of his mother, because he knew that his father had died in battle, he was afraid mentioning the word 'father' would make his still grieving mother upset.
Lin Yuan stared at the photo in front of him.
Inside the beautiful 3D crystal photo frame was a young man and woman's wedding photo, the 3D picture was very realistic, as if they were right in front of him. The woman in the photograph was elegant and gentle, the man was handsome and gentlemanly, and both of them had a happy smile. The bottom was engraved, cosmic calendar year 770, Lin Wei Cheng, Wang Ruo, happy newlyweds.
This 3D crystal photo frame allowed the photo to keep fresh, vivid colors for centuries. People used the Internet to store ordinary photos, they used these 3D photo frames for only very important photos, exhibiting it on a table or hanging it on a wall.
The wedding photo was indeed a very important photo for his mother, and the young man and woman in this photo looked very happy. But strangely, when he looked at the handsome man in the picture, Lin Yuan felt…..
Not even a little intimacy.
Too strange…
He doesn't even feel like calling him dad…..
Was he really the father who died so many years ago? The one who taught him to speak, who cooked for him, who whispered in his ear: “Daddy has to go, he can't take you with him, you have to stay strong to live."…..?
What did he mean by leaving? Going to the battlefield?
Seeing Lin Yuan staring without a word, Lin Yao asked, puzzled: “Hey, Xiao Yuan, what's wrong? Our dad's too handsome, huh?"
“….Yeah.” Lin Yuan recovered, smiled and said, “Mom's asleep? How is she lately?”
Lin Yao replied: "Same old, she gets a serious cough on cold days, but no other serious illnesses. These days of home rest has made her complexion much better. I'll take good care of her, don't worry about it!”
Lin Yuan nodded, “Okay, then go to bed early, I'm tucking in.”
Lin Yao said: “Yup, you take care at school."
He ended the call and turned back to his bed, but Lin Yuan was still unable to sleep.
His mother had poor health these years, she'd worked hard to single-handedly raise him and his sister, from small to large, she was also very good to him. Although the home conditions were tough, he'd never felt even a little wronged.
– That gentle woman was Lin Yuan's beloved mother.
Reasonably, he shouldn't doubt that he was her biological child…..
However, there were a lot of doubts in his heart, and there were no reasonable explanations.
Memories of his father's appearance was very vague, a four-year-old child was really too small, plus his memory before four was intermittent, Lin Yuan had long forgotten the man's appearance.
But Lin Yuan truly felt that the man calling him son in his memories wasn't the man standing with his mother in the photo.
There was no evidence, just a feeling in the bottom of his heart, that unfamiliar man in the photo couldn't give him any kind of father-son intimacy…..
His headache growing more and more severe, Lin Yuan could only temporarily repress the strong doubts in his heart.
– It was better to wait for his mother's health to improve, then he could ask her in detail, make her tell him all the truth about his past. If not, he would have to continue randomly searching, which would simply not give him any useful information, it was better to ask her.
Lin Yuan built up his determination, rubbed his throbbing temples, calmed down, and closed his eyes.
***
That night, the four roommates had simultaneous insomnia, the reasons for insomnia all different.
Caesar’s dreams were filled with the beginnings of boundless
spring
. Brian's dreams were filled with unique murders.
Snow was inventing every kind of inhibitor in his dreams. Lin Yuan was searching everywhere for his father in his dreams.
======================================
Chapter 027: A Beautiful Misunderstanding
After a night of insomnia, the four roommates had poor spirits when they got up in the morning and met in the dining room, after a simple greeting, they each headed to their training departments.
Lin Yuan walked into the training room, and Baker immediately came up to him and asked: "Squad Leader, you and Caesar went back early yesterday afternoon right? The instructor said you were not feeling well, what's wrong ah?"
Lin Yuan smiled and said: "Bad headache, I asked Caesar to send me home early.”
Karl also walked up to Lin Yuan, smiled and asked: “Was everything okay yesterday?"
Lin Yuan shook his head, "It's nothing.”
Next, Bossa walked over to him and asked: "Squad Leader, are you feeling better?”
Lin Yuan said: "Much better, thank you.”
Standing close by, Caesar secretly clenched his teeth, Lin Yuan being on good terms with so many other people was not a bad thing, but when he saw so many people crowding around Lin Yuan, Caesar still felt an odd….. an odd sense of crisis!
No, Lin Yuan was really too popular, especially with the class' Beta, they all worshiped him, maybe someone had a crush on him! Those Beta girls always look at Lin Yuan with bright eyes, one must certainly be thinking of chasing ​​Lin Yuan!
Thinking of this, Caesar immediately moved closer to Lin Yuan and stood ram rod straight, with a cold face.
The class' Beta who wanted to get closer to the Squad Leader suddenly looked somewhat depressed - What's up with this Caesar guy? Standing next to the Squad Leader with a cold face, blocking everyone’s way, even glancing over the crowd with sharp eyes….. Do we owe you money?
Completely ignoring all the Beta inwardly cursing him, Caesar stood next to the Squad Leader, dutifully acting as his bodyguard.
In the eyes of outsiders, Caesar's behavior was just like a beast, swiping his tail and drawing a circle around his prey, penning it in….. Unfortunately, the circled prey was still ignorant, happily chatting with the hunter.
***
When the afternoon military training ended, Caesar temporally left his post for a moment. Seeing Caesar finally leaving, Karl took the initiative to invite Lin Yuan to supper, Lin Yuan happily nodded, and walked with Karl to the canteen.
They walked to the fifth floor, Lin Yuan, his eyes still shiny, filled a large plate and walked back to the table, eating with relish.
Karl looked at the Lin Yuan intently engrossed in eating, and couldn't help but ask: “Have you been feeling sick lately?"
Lin Yuan said: “Not really.”
Karl continued, "Was it really just a headache yesterday?”
Lin Yuan smiled and said: "Ay, a terrible, sudden headache. Maybe I haven't been sleeping well.” Lin Yuan paused, and looked up at him somewhat doubtfully, "Why did you suddenly ask?"
Karl was silent for a moment, then he said: “Actually, Uncle Fornt contacted me yesterday and told me to pay attention to your physical condition. He said you have a special constitution, and he'd prescribed some medicine to help. Have you been eating it on time?”
“Oh.” Lin Yuan smiled in realization, "Then help me tell Dr. Fornt, I take the medicine on time every day, and my physical condition has been very good, there's no problem, no need to worry."
Seeing Lin Yuan returning to his plate, Karl didn't question further.
To tell the truth, he originally tried to get closer to Lin Yuan because of his Uncle Fornt’s request.
When Fornt heard that he was admitted to San Romia Military Academy, he told him that a child from Rennes planet was also admitted to the school, his neighbors' child named Lin Yuan, and asked Karl to take care of him.
At first, Karl approached Lin Yuan with the idea of "making friends with his uncle’s acquaintance”, but the longer he stayed with him, the more baffled he felt – Lin Yuan was excellent in all aspects, he didn't resemble a Beta from a normal family background, rather, he was like a child born from the finest Alpha and Omega combination.
In addition to his uncle's request to pay attention to Lin Yuan, especially Lin Yuan’s physical condition, almost every call from his uncle brought up the topic of Lin Yuan's body. Lin Yuan looked very healthy, he didn't seem to be seriously ill, why did his uncle always ask him if the other boy was feeling sick? And why did he ask him to not only keep Lin Yuan away from any Alpha, but also repeatedly urged him to remind Lin Yuan to take his medicine on time?
What kind of disease needed medication every day? This was too bizarre, right?
Even more bizarre, every time he saw Lin Yuan, Karl couldn't help but think of his younger brother – Karl’s brother was an Omega, unfortunately, he was sent to Cepheus' Omega academy when he was 13, and he hasn't seen him in four years. But he still vividly remembered his brother’s characteristics, after all, they grew up together.
Lin Yuan had many similar characteristics to his Omega brother, and sometimes when he looked at Lin Yuan, Karl would even briefly feel that he was looking at an Omega. A lean body, flexible waist, long and straight legs….. Although he was still growing into his body, Lin Yuan's physique was really Omega-like.
Thinking of this, Karl smiled and said: “Lin Yuan, you actually remind me of my brother. But my brother is an Omega."
Lin Yuan looked up at him, incredulous: “Hey, are you praising me or insulting me? You're saying I look like an Omega, does that mean I look too fragile? Come on, after dinner, we're going to spar!"
Karl: “…”
His expression didn't seem like he was worried, and eyes were also very calm, why didn't he look like someone whose secret had just been exposed?
Was it really his own misperception?
Lin Yuan finished eating, and Karl also put away his plate, then the two left the canteen.
Lin Yuan’s temperament was very resolute, when he said they would spar he meant it, on the journey to the dormitory, he straightforwardly dragged Karl to an uninhabited corner, and confrontationally beckoned him, “Come on ah, saying I look like an Omega, I'll show you how powerful I am!”
Karl: “…”
Because of a tentative comparison, he inexplicably provoked Lin Yuan’s fighting spirit, seeing Lin Yuan's energetic appearance, Karl
didn't want to let him down
, he smiled helplessly and said: “Fine, come on,
stop on contact
.”
They took off their heavy uniform coats and threw them aside, then began to seriously spar.
Lin Yuan’s movements were very agile, his hands and legs coordinating vigorously, the strength of his fists was not insignificant, after nearly having his knee kicked out, Karl immediately became more vigilant. He'd thought Lin Yuan was only playing around, he didn't expect him to actually attack seriously, and unexpectedly, his fighting level was actually not bad!
The two spared, Karl was an Alpha, he was naturally strong and robust, and he'd also received formal training, if he was fighting a regular Beta, they wouldn't be able to exchange ten blows with him. But Lin Yuan took an alternative route, in order to win by skill, his feet movements were extremely agile, and his hands were lightning fast.
Although Karl wasn't losing, he also couldn't gain an advantage!
He was clearly an Alpha, why couldn't he subdue a Beta?
Thinking of this, Karl no longer held back, he used his advantageous height and strength to directly seize Lin Yuan’s wrist, and forcedly twisted….. Lin Yuan’s arm was twisted to his back, and his right foot immediately kicked back, but unexpectedly hit empty air. Karl had dodged his kick, simultaneously sweeping out his foot, tripping Lin Yuan to the ground!
Seeing Lin Yuan’s face about to hit the ground, Karl immediately reached out to hold him up.
The result, Lin Yuan unexpectedly hadn't given up attacking Karl, when his right kick hadn't connected, he immediately gave a follow up kick with his left foot. The kind-hearted Karl that had move forward to support Lin Yuan, was caught unprepared by this kick, his footing unstable, he directly fell on top of Lin Yuan’s body.
“…..” Lin Yuan was pressed to the ground, stifled by Karl's bulk, he couldn't help but grimace.
But before he could open his mouth, the weight was suddenly taken off him –
Caesar directly came up behind Karl and lifted him up, Karl instantly looked back, puzzled, and received a sharp punch.
Bang!
Karl was beaten to the ground!
Caesar pulled up the shocked Lin Yuan and asked in a heavy voice: "Are you alright? Who's bullying you?”
Caesar clenched his fist and glanced at 'Lin Yuan's Bully' with cold eyes, but only saw the blameless Karl climbing up, clutching his black eye.
Caesar: “…”
Karl: “…”
After a long, stiff silence, Karl smiled gracefully, looked at Caesar and said: “Are you misunderstanding? I wasn't bulling Lin Yuan."
Lin Yuan also stared at Caesar, “What are you doing? I was sparing with Karl! Why did you suddenly jump in?"
Caesar: “…”
Lin Yuan walked around Caesar and went up to Karl, looking at Karl’s black eye, he suppressed himself for a while, but still couldn't help but laugh, “Cough, Caesar's punch is too heavy ….. You….. Are you alright?"
Karl smiled and rubbed his eye, "It's nothing.”
Caesar awkwardly apologized: “Sorry, I thought you were …..”
Karl shrugged, "Doesn't matter, it was just a misunderstanding.” Then he picked up his uniform coat, looked back at Lin Yuan and smiled, “Lin Yuan, I'll head back first. Remember to tell me right away if you start feeling sick, this is uncle Fornt's special request."
Lin Yuan immediately nodded and said: "Got it, don't worry!”
After Karl left, Lin Yuan walked back to Caesar and said: “Caesar, why did you hit so heavily? Fortunately, it was just Karl, if it was someone weaker, you could've ruined their eye."
– A black eye is still a light punishment, if he was really bulling you, I'd knock him out!
– Even if it was just sparing, he shouldn't have pinned you to the ground,
couldn't he have let you go after you admitted defeat
?
Caesar coldly glanced at Karl’s retreating back, the looked back to Lin Yuan, noticing that his face was covering in dust, and there was even a scratch, Caesar couldn't help but feel distressed: "Your face, it's skinned …..”
Lin Yuan smiled, quickly wiped his face clean with the back of his hand, and said, "It's nothing, just a small scratch."
Seeing him unharmed expect for the little scratch, Caesar finally calmed down, then sullenly said: “Lin Yuan, you should stay away from that Karl."
Lin Yuan: “…..”
What's going on? Karl says stay away from Caesar, Caesar says stay away from Karl, just how much do these guys hate each other?
Lin Yuan found it ridiculous, he looked at Caesar and said: “You needed me for something?"
Caesar's expression eased a bit, "You forgot that we agreed to train with the mecha today."
Lin Yuan's eyes brightened, “Right, I almost forgot! Come let's go!"
Lin Yuan picked up his discarded uniform coat and turned toward the mech center, but Caesar suddenly grabbed his hand, "We're not going to the mech center, there's too many people, we'll head to a private training room."
“Oh!” Immersed in his excitement of personally meeting a mech, Lin Yuan didn't notice…..
Caesar was still holding onto his hand.
Caesar was holding Lin Yuan’s hand, contentedly thinking in his heart, this was what it felt like to like someone, right?
He gently gripped the other boy's slender fingers, the warmth passing through his skin was slowly soaking into the bottom of his heart.
Holding hands and walking down the campus road, it felt like even his heartbeat was suddenly speeding up. Caesar wished this section of road could stretch on for more than a dozen kilometers, they could slowly go on, walking forever.
In reality, it didn't even take half a minute to arrive…..
Why was the school so small?
***
White Feather was very depressed, very very depressed.
Its Master actually made it, a magnificent S-Class intelligent mecha, disguise itself as a C-Class mecha, to help someone else train.……Train?
What a joke! If the other mecha learned that it disguised itself as C-Class to help someone with basic training, they would die laughing!
But its Master threatened, if it didn't change into a C-Class, he'd have Brian dismantle its numerous systems, artificially downgrading it to C-Class. That's right, S-Class were the only mechs that could morph, all the mech's joints could be independently adjusted and changed.
So White Feather had to endure his desire to vomit blood and temporarily disguise itself as a C-Class mech.
It not only had to hide all the nerve connections in its cockpit, but also turn its console into an ordinary C-Class mech controller, shrink itself by five times, and silently hang itself in an empty room in the first school building, thinking about it, it felt so stupid!
The empty room White Feather was in wasn't just any mech training room, it was a dedicated training room for the students participating in the competition, the space was very wide open. The reason Caesar had immediately left after the military training ended was to sign up for the month away mecha competition, and conveniently lease this unused training room.
When Lin Yuan walked into the training room, he saw a ten-meter-high man-model mech standing in the middle of the room.
The mech's entire body was snow white, glowing with a faint metallic sheen under the light. Its chest cockpit was layered with thick protective armor, like fine-tuned muscles, its face, sharp like
metal-wire,
resembled a handsome warrior!
Its body proportions were very coordinated, the ten meter high man-model mech didn't look even slightly bloated, its limbs and joints were also structured very finely, it was obvious, when it moved, it would be very agile!
The pure white mech standing under the light indeed looked extremely beautiful!
Lin looked up at it, and couldn't help but admire: “This is your mech? It's really beautiful ah!"
White Feather: “…”
Hey? It’s the Prince Consort! He praised me!
Its depressed mood immediately swept away, White Feather felt ecstatic, it eagerly bent down, offering a large palm to Lin Yuan, like a gentleman inviting a partner to dance at a ball.
Lin Yuan froze for a moment, stunned, but Caesar just smiled and said: “Go on, it's inviting you into its cockpit."
“Oh!” There's actually a mech that can invite a driver in this way! Lin Yuan excitedly followed Caesar onto the palm, and White Feather steadily lifted the two people into its cockpit.
In the spacious cockpit, the familiar 26 C-Class mech controller buttons, plus the 0-9, ten digit keys were neatly arranged on the steering platform. Each button looked new, as if they had never been touched, even the balance pole was smooth as ever.
Lin Yuan couldn't help but reach out and gently touch the clean steering platform, he asked curiously: “This mech is new? What's its name?"
Caesar said: “It's called White Feather.”
Lin Yuan smiled and said: “
White Feather, as in a white feather
? That's nice, did you name it yourself?”
Caesar nodded: "I did.”
He praised me! He praised me again! He not only called me beautiful, he also praised my name!
White Feather almost wanted to roll around on the ground in happiness, it instantly ignored his Royal Highness the Prince’s "You're not allowed to project your image out and scare him” command, and projected itself as a primitive, small, virtual white feather, drifting to Lin Yuan's side. It floated around his body and said: “Hi, my name is White Feather!”
Lin Yuan saw White Feather floating in front of him, and couldn't help but smile and say: “Hi, my name is Lin Yuan."
White Feather directly floated up and landed on top of Lin Yuan's shoulder, then excitedly said: “From now on, you can borrow me any time you want! It's okay, you can do whatever you want in my cockpit! If you have any questions, you can ask me." Then it lowered its sound, and leaned into Lin Yuan's ear, "Of course, that includes any gossip about my Master!"
Lin Yuan asked in amusement: "You know gossip about your Master?”
White Feather fluttered proudly: “I've been with him since he was tiny! I know everything about him! I have thousands of photos of him as a kid, do you want to see?”
Lin Yuan curiously said: “Okay, I'll take a look.”
White Feather immediately began searching for the photos in its data storage center, "Hold on, I'll bring out a few for you to see. Okkaaay….. here, this is from when he was three years old, very fat right? Look at him, he's a meatball! This is his first day of school when he was five, still very fat, he really ate too much when he was a child!"
Caesar: “………………”
Caesar: White Feather, are you tired of living?
White Feather: But Master, I'm obviously helping you win favor with him ah? Don't you like him? If he looks at your childhood photos, and thinks that you were very cute, it'll certainly add extra points to his impression of you!
Caesar: …
Are you sure it’s extra points, and not minus points?
Caesar glanced at his chubby childhood photos, then silently turned away.
Thus, after Hobby began to earnestly carry out the mission of selling his master, White Feather also embarked on the brilliant path of "Selling Master”, going farther and farther, unable to turn back.
===========================
Chapter 028: Mech Training
After White Feather showcased Caesar's childhood photos to Lin Yuan (of course, excluding any backgrounds that contained the royal palace), Lin Yuan's final evaluation was: "You were really cute when you were small."
Caesar: "…"
Is this comment good or bad?
When he was a child, Caesar had a chubby face, his mother and Wang Xiong couldn't help but want to pinch him every time they saw him. Starting from ten years old, he quickly slimmed down, his figure getting better and better. By the time he turned 18, his stature was tall and slender, very similar to how His Majesty Trent looked when he was that age, and because of regular exercise, he had beautiful six pack abs…..
Caesar was quite confident about his current body. So, although White Feather took the initiative to expose its Master's dark history….. he could be adult about it, not interested in bothering with this foolish mech.
And seeing Lin Yuan happily looking through the photos, he could temporarily push down the idea of ​​punishing White Feather.
A C-Class mech's cockpit was not as spacious as an S-Class, there was only the main driver and co-pilot seats. Caesar let Lin Yuan sit in the main driver position and sat next to him, then he looked at Lin Yuan and said: "Do you want to get acquainted with these function keys first?"
Lin Yuan smiled and said: "No, I'm already very familiar, let's start the training right away!"
Caesar nodded, then turned on the training room's simulated exercise environment with an infrared remote controller.
This kind of smart 3D training room was similar to a one person training room on the holographic network, the training program could be set by the user. Common training programs included basic training, and three kinds of special training and comprehensive training.
Basic training was undoubtedly used by novices, but since Lin Yuan could be admitted to San Romia Military Academy, this basic training would certainly be useless. Thinking of this, Caesar directly turned on the first special training.
A virtual 3D scene immediately appeared in the spacious training room, red laser beams were continuously strafing around, the driver needed to quickly predict the paths of the lasers, and manipulate the mech to dodge. Once a laser hit the target, points were deducted, and if shot by three consecutive lasers, the training was automatically terminated.
This training was mainly to help the driver improve the flexibility and responsiveness of their maneuvering, in the future, when they were in a real war, they could quickly escape the enemies' attacks.
Lin Yuan sat in the pilot seat, his expression earnest, his ten fingers quickly taping the operation keys.
Different combinations of keys sent out different commands, the driver must clearly remember all the keys, forward, back, extend arms, turn, lift legs, side step, jump…..
Under Lin Yuan's operation, White Feather was practically like an agile human!
When the lasers shots approached, Lin Yuan skillfully avoided them all!
The lasers' path angles became more and more tricky, at this time, three laser beams suddenly shot simultaneously form the front left, right rear, and straight ahead. Seeing the laser beams about to pass through the mech, Lin Yuan suddenly reached to the left and forcefully pulled down the balance bar, and his right hand pressed the five buttons ACFEQ -
White Feather immediately soared into the air, simultaneously doing a clean and efficient face about to dodge the right rear laser beam in an instant, letting the front left laser beam sweep past his left leg, then he steadily landed on his right foot and bent over, neatly avoiding the front laser beam flying straight overhead!
Lin Yuan felt more excited to play, next up was four laser beams from four directions!
Lin Yuan pulled the balance bar up and used his right hand to rapidly press a few commands. Under his command, White Feather performed a 360 degree turn plus a side flip, avoiding the four beams one after another!
If someone was observing from the sidelines, they would ask in shock-
This is really a mecha made of metal? Aren't these moves simply from a gymnast and an acrobat?
Caesar watched Lin Yuan skillfully dodge the two waves of laser beams in this way, and finally couldn't help but use his spiritual connection to ask White Feather: "White Feather, are you dodging it for him?"
"Nope!" White Feather said innocently, "I haven't turned on my intelligence center, this is all his doing! His manipulation is comparable to my intelligence center's most precise data calculations!" Here, White Feather's tone was obviously excited, "You ordered me to completely hand over the control right to him, so I completely gave it to him! But I didn't expect him to dodge it all! Isn't he awesome?"
Caesar was silent for a moment, then he smiled and said, "Yup, he's super awesome, don't start to help, keep giving all the control to him."
The speed of the lasers was getting faster and faster, the number was rapidly increasing, and the angles were even trickier, on the final wave, the training grounds almost turned into an overwhelming laser net.
Lin Yuan quickly tapped the keys, his slender fingers skipping across the console resembling a gorgeous dance.
Isn't his hand speed too fast….?
Caesar was in awe and admiration, this guy really was a Small Monster, his family couldn't afford to buy a mech, so he usually practiced online? Just by practicing online, he achieves such a level in practical performance, anyone could see just how hard he worked!
Caesar couldn't help but turn to look at Lin Yuan, the boy's face was full of excitement and earnestness, his forehead was dripping with sweat, but he ignored it, putting all his attention on the console in front of him.
Obviously, he was extremely happy to be personally manipulating a mech for the first time.
After training for so long, he actually didn't seem a little bit tired…
Lin Yuan was focused on the 3D scenes playing out on the mech's screen, quickly determining the path of the lasers.
And Caesar was focused on watching Lin Yuan.
Somehow, looking at Lin Yuan's earnest face, Caesar's heart suddenly fell into a gentle mood - this was his favorite person, he was so hardworking, so outstanding, so energetic, so full of fighting spirit, like a tiger that recently grew into adulthood, fearlessly waving its two claws.
Such a pure, earnest little tiger…..
He really wanted to keep him by his side for a lifetime, and never let him be even a little bit hurt.
"Ah! Darn ….." Eight lasers suddenly shot out at the same time, and Lin Yuan finally couldn't dodge them all. He was hit three consecutive times, and the training program immediately stopped. Lin Yuan scratched his head, somewhat annoyed, then looked at Caesar and asked, "How do I dodge this?"
Caesar: "…"
Can I say that I didn't see what just happened at all? I was solely preoccupied looking at you…
Caesar turned away and deadpanly commanded White Feather: "White Feather, replay footage of what just happened."
White Feather immediately sent out a recording of the training.
Seeing the previous wave, Caesar thought for a moment, then said: "These eight lasers are coming from fluctuating angles, you can doge them by dividing them into four groups. You already dodged the first group and the second group, no problem, the third group can be ducked with a
Kohl Echo jump
, then pause in the air and do an 18 degree side spin to avoid the fourth group."
Lin Yuan froze, staring blankly, "Echo jump and side spin? These two movements simply can't be combined, right?"
Caesar gave a faint smile, "Come, I'll teach you how to do it."
Lin Yuan was about to stand up and change seats with Caesar, but Caesar didn't have that intention, he directly reached out and grasp Lin Yuan's fingers, set his in position, then adjusted the program to start from the point they needed to practice.
"You dodge the first 2 groups, I'll come in to dodge the last 2, we'll work together."
"Go it!"
The training program started up, the same eight laser beams once again shot out from all directions, Lin Yuan immediately concentrated his spirit, dexterously dodging the first two groups, then shifted to concentrate on Caesar's actions- only to see Caesar's slender and strong right hand fingers, as if casting magic, suddenly forcefully tap five keys, at the same time, his left hand tapped down three command keys -
White Feather's body immediately jumped up and nimbly dodged the third group of lasers, Caesar again accurately tapped down seven consecutive keys, White Feather paused in the air for less than 0.1 second, then according to the command, it spurn sideways, and the last group of lasers really brushed past the mech's shoulder!
Lin Yuan: "….."
Two ultra-difficult moves were consecutively completed with such ease.
After a long silence, Lin Yuan stared at Caesar in admiration, "You're freaking awesome! You need super-fast hands just to complete one of those two moves, and you still need to accurately grasp the timing, to be able to complete two of them consecutively ….."
Caesar was very pleased receiving Lin Yuan's praise, if he had a tail, it would already by sticking up.
After Lin Yuan praised him, he continued to studiously ask: "Oh right, what command did you add in the middle?"
Caesar answered earnestly: "That was the R key, this key allows the mech to hover in the air for a period of time. Those two moves can't be directly chained, so this pause is equivalent to a buffer between the actions. When you want to chain many difficult moves, you can try this air pause buffer method."
Caesar said while once again taping the buttons in slow motion.
"Do you understand?"
Lin Yuan's eyes were bright: "Understood!"
When Lin Yuan usually practiced making the mech complete the three difficult moves, he would habitually perform one action, land, then connect it to another action. This allowed the mech's body to maintain a stable balance, and he could perform the actions more confidently.
Just now, Caesar directly paused while suspended in the air, then immediately calculated the direction of the mech's route change, this approach made Lin Yuan feel enlightened, like he'd suddenly opened up a door to a new world!
"It's the first time I've seen this kind of method, I'll give it a try."
Lin Yuan excitedly grab the control from Caesar's hands, and resumed the previous section of training.
He really was a fast learner, he very smoothly dodged the wave of lasers.
After dodging, Lin Yuan continued staring at the 3D screen in front in concentration, but after staring for a moment, he found that no more laser beams were appearing, Lin Yuan asked doubtfully: "It ended?
Caesar held back a smile, saying, "Yeah, you've now passed the first stage of the special training. It seems that I underestimated you, I thought you'd need at least three days to pass the first stage."
Somewhat embarrassed by Caesar's compliment, Lin Yuan earnestly explained: "Probably because I used to practice online so often? This training's style is very similar to the online one. Although online was dodging light bombs, not lasers, the light bombs were really small and relatively easy to dodge, and the principle is the same. Also, a real mech's operation seems to be almost identical to online?"
Caesar finally couldn't help but smile - this guy's earnest look, really was stupidly cute.
"Uh ….. why're you laughing umm ….." Lin Yuan blushed, scratching his head, "My family really wasn't as well off as yours, we couldn't afford our own mech, so I could only go online and train. All the knowledge I have was learned online, I don't know if it's accurate."
Caesar looked at him and smiled, asking, "What's your username?"
Lin Yuan felt somewhat bashful to say: "It's …
Ball
. I registered when I was ten, and casually choose any name, my avatar in the virtual network is also a small ball."
Ball? He chose that at ten?
Unable to stop himself from laughing out loud, Caesar had no choice but to change the subject: "The next stage is attack training, are you tired? Do you want to take a break?"
Lin Yuan immediately shook his head and said: "I'm not tired!
Caesar said: "Then do we continue to the next stage?"
"Let's go!"
He obviously liked operating mechs, with such high-intensity training, his sweat was flowing, but he actually didn't feel tired.
There were more than 10 kinds of simulations in the school's mech training room, the driver's reaction speed, dexterity, coordination, attack ability, defense ability, etc. could be train, in accordance to his own childhood training method, Caesar had Lin Yuan complete the first stage of the reaction speed training, then change to the second 3D setting, starting the attack ability training.
The attack training setting's terrain was more complex, there would be multiple multi-colored mechs suddenly popping out from different angles and fleeing in different directions. The driver must grasp the timing to kill them, if they don't quickly KO them and allowed the mech to escape the training range, their points would be deducted, with three consecutive escapes resulting in training termination.
Because they didn't know where the mechs would appear, the driver's spirit must be highly focused.
Lin Yuan's whole body was already completely resembling a small hedgehog, his black eyes full of alertness.
Reassured, Caesar gave over White Feather's driving rights to him, when necessary, he took the initiative to give Lin Yuan directions. Fortunately, Lin Yuan was a very quick learner, once he learned it, he could immediately complete it, never making the same mistake twice.
The two people practiced in the training room until 11 pm, half way through the second exercise. Seeing Lin Yuan not looking like he was ready to rest, Caesar said: "We'll end here today."
Lin Yuan hurriedly said: "I'm not tired ….."
Caesar directly stretched his hand past him and shut down the mech's operating system, "It's 11 o'clock, we should go back and sleep."
"….. It's really 11 o'clock?" Lin Yuan had no choice but to take back his hands, and follow Caesar out of the cockpit.
They walked side by side back to the dormitory, seeing Lin Yuan's melancholy look, Caesar's heart softened, and he quickly added: "Don't worry, there's still a month left before the competition, I'll train with you every night until then."
Lin Yuan looked up at him and said: "But if I'm training with White Feather, what will you do? You're not joining the competition?"
Caesar couldn't help but smile, "It doesn't matter, I don't need to practice this kind of thing."
- Stupid, I joined this game for you.
- otherwise, why would His Highness the Grand Prince run away to participate in a C-Class mech competition? Just to return to Cepheus and see Trent His Majesty's ugly expression?
======================================
Chapter 029: Mech Battle
By the time the two returned to the dormitory it was already half past eleven. Lin Yuan had worked up a sweat from his training, so he went back to his bedroom to take a bath, blow dry his hair, and toss his clothes into the washing machine, then he reclined on his bed.
The excitement from the training still hadn't worn off, so Lin Yuan didn't feel even the slightest bit sleepy.
Lin Yuan picked up the helmet by his bedside, and logged into the holographic network system for the first time since entering school.
Today's network systems were divided into the holographic network and the graphic network. The holographic network could be used to experience a variety of entertainments, shopping, games, hanging out with friends, and the graphic network was commonly used for information retrieval and document look up, after all, when looking for information, people were still more used to searching with keywords, rather than browsing through a book store on the holographic network.
Lin Yuan put on the helmet and made himself relax, soon, he was logged into the Empire's holographic network.
Like he had just told Caesar, his username on the holographic network was "Ball", he'd registered when he was ten years old, and his character model was a small round snowball.
A child's aesthetic….. Lin Yuan refused to comment on it.
The character models on the virtual network were freely chosen by the users, therefore, when walking through the holographic network streets, it was normal to see all kinds of vigorous animals, plants, handsome men and beautiful women….. even
dinosaurs
.
This was a virtual and unique world.
Of course, in order to keep things child friendly, the models of these terrifying beasts were replaced by chibi versions.
Little snowball Lin Yuan and his former classmates usually hung around A1 Street in the shopping district.
A1 Street was the dedicated street for the mech market, various models of mecha were sold, but of course, B-Class mechs and above were government controlled, so only C, D and E level mechs could be sold directly.
Lin Yuan walked into a large mech shop, unable to stop salivating at the sight of the variously colored mech on display.
This shop sold the largest and most comprehensive amount of mech, it ranked first on the mech shop reputation charts year round, and the customer service was particularly good. Their monthly stock of mech were rumored to be replenished directly from a mech factory in Cepheus, where they have first-hand access to the goods. The latest and most comprehensive range of mech guaranteed a steady stream of customers to the store.
When Lin Yuan was back home, he'd often visit the store to window shop.
As soon as he entered the store, he stared at the red mech positioned on the grand exhibition stage. He'd been a fan of this mech for a long time, this red humanoid mech was this year's latest model, the design was very beautiful, the fresh metal reflecting the room's lighting, dazzling.
Lin Yuan walked up to the counter and politely asked: "Boss, how much is this mech?"
The boss smiled: "This is this year's new Syrex C3 model, if you want, I can give you a discount, 450,000 crystal coins."
"… uh, I don't have enough coins."
The boss continued smiling: "No matter, you can come back after you save enough right? Or do you want to look at the other mechs? How about that white one? Although it's an older model, the price is much more affordable, only 200,000 crystal coins."
"….." Lin Yuan silently gulped, turned around, and left the mech shop.
Being broke is so tragic…
450,000, would he even earn that much if he sold his organs?
It seemed that saving enough money to buy a mech was an impossible dream, he could only hope that he'll serve in a good regiment after graduation, in time, he could buy a good house and bring over his mother and sister, and maybe even have a mech assigned to him…
When life beats you down, look forward to a better future, it's the best motivation.
His mood brightening, Lin Yuan turned onto the gaming district's C1 Street.
Just like A1 Street in the shopping district, and B1 Street in the entertainment district, the first street of the gaming district,​​ C1 Street, was the busiest area in ​​the entire gaming district. The street was simply crowded with people, although the roads could automatically stratify to prevent traffic congestion, Lin Yuan still felt astonished seeing so many people packed together.
The reason C1 Street was the liveliest street was because the mech gaming quarter was located there. Many children like Lin Yuan whose families couldn't afford their own mechs liked coming here to play virtual war games.
Unlike the bare bones reality, the online world was still quite blissful. Each person registering here for the first time was assigned a free C-Class mech by the system, although it was a very old CR model, it was better than nothing.
Moreover, the mech could be upgraded through online battle, as long as you used the low level CR mech to win a game, the system rewarded you a certain amount of credits. After you save enough credits, the mech could be modified and upgraded, but you could also just buy a new mech from the virtual store.
Lin Yuan started gaming here when he was 15, three years later, his mech was already CA level, which was the highest level in the virtual mech battle game.
Lin Yuan walked into the public lounge and found that the place seemed to be much more lively than usual, was there an event?
Lin Yuan curiously walked up to the lounge's giant display.
"Is Little Prince really coming?"
"He hasn't logged on for so long ah! Why is he suddenly showing up today?!"
"Hope I can take a selfie with him!"
Looking at the public chat flooding the giant screen, Lin Yuan finally understood the reasons behind the gaming lounge's sudden liveliness today.
Little Prince - there was no one in the virtual mech battle gaming scene who didn't know about this ID.
He was rumored to be invincible, the undefeated, he's at the top of the battle rankings with a 100% win percentage and 30 million credits. Over the years, no one has surpassed him, he was simply an online god.
When Lin Yuan started playing online, he heard about his various legendary feats, but had never seen him log on.
Who'd expect that after logging in impulsively, he'd actually have a chance to meet this God level character who'd also unexpectedly logged in?
Infected by the crowd's fervor, Lin Yuan also couldn't help but get excited.
Even more exciting, that Little Prince guy was actually hosting a room in the lounge, and the room's name was blunt enough to make people gnash their teeth-
Free Tutoring
This man was too arrogant, right? How was he so sure that no one could out class him?
Lin Yuan couldn't help but think about the network ID Little Prince, to choose such a tacky name, this guy obviously didn't have good taste. Maybe he was like him, a poor kid whose family couldn't afford a mech, and could only play with mechs online.
Seeing the first ranker arrogantly hanging in the room "Free Tutoring", Lin Yuan's heart immediately ignited with fighting spirit.
His win rate in the online mech battle game was over 85%, but this prince's win rate was actually 100%, this was too outrageous. This 100% winning percentage really made people fired up to beat him!
Lin Yuan didn't hesitate to directly apply to join the challenge room, almost immediately, his application was accepted.
Surprisingly, as soon as he walked in, the room was locked, becoming spectator only, no other mech was allowed to join the battle scenario.
The arena only had Lin Yuan's CA177 and the opponent's CA101, the spectator mats were densely packed.
The two both had CA at the beginning of their mech's model numbers, clearly the online mech battle's latest high level mech, but Lin Yuan's was a red humanoid, while the opponent's was a ….. white bird?
A mech's shape was designed for either land warfare or air combat. Land warfare mecha included wolves, foxes, scorpions, spiders, lions, snakes and other types, but humanoid mech were the most common in land warfare, since they were the most balanced in all aspects of battle. Air combat mech included dragons, birds, bees, phoenixes, butterflies, etc. the features of each mech were also different.
Only S-Class mech could transform into more than one of the shapes described above, lower level mechs couldn't morph. Unfortunately, the manufacturing cost of S-Class mechs was too high, the whole Empire only had about ten of them. The majority of the mecha forces in the armies were still C-Class mechs, because of the different combat requirements, the creation of different shaped mechs was necessary.
Seeing his opponent operating a white bird, Lin Yuan wasn't worried, even though the air combat mech could fly, they were quite unstable compared to land combat mechs. Also, C-Class mech couldn't fly very high, a well placed attack could send them crashing down.
Unimpressed, Lin Yuan called out: "Are you the undefeated legend? Come, teach me!"
The other side smiled and said: "Oh, I'm about to school you, don't worry."
"…"
This guy really was too arrogant ah!
Lin Yuan took a deep breath, then moved his CA177, performing a beautiful leap, unhesitantly dashing towards his opponent. He unsheathed the giant electromagnetic sword of his back, the blade positioned to strike at the opponent's neck!
This sword angle was excellent, almost all of the opponent's head area was covered in the range of the electromagnetic sword's attack, even if the other side immediately took flight, he would definitely be struck by the blade!
The audience exclaimed in surprise -
Unexpectedly, the opponent didn't choose to take flight, rather, he nimbly ducked underneath the humanoid mech's shoulder socket to pop up behind him!
Lin Yuan was unperturbed, seeing the opponent dodge, he swiftly spun around to deliver a neat and tidy roundhouse kick!
But the white bird simply flew up, unfolding its wings to fly higher and higher, casting a huge shadow over the earth bound mech.
Lin Yuan immediately raised his mech's arms up in a 60 degree angle, his elbows outstretched, the particle cannons hidden in the mech's arms mercilessly firing out three shots! The three missiles' launch routes were extremely accurate, running separately yet simultaneously, aiming for one of the bird's wings, its abdomen, and its head, as long as one of them hit their target, the bird would plummet!
The crowd of onlookers held their breaths…
On edge of imminent peril, the bird suddenly turned to the right and did a 360 degree aerial somersault, the three missiles brushing dangerously close to its wings as they flew passed!
The audience immediately exploded -
"My God, he dodged it!"
"If that was me, I'd be scrap metal!"
"A 360 degree aerial somersault! The pilot also has to spin around in the mecha, isn't he dizzy?"
"Little Prince really is the first ranker! He's too strong!"
"This Ball guy's also pretty strong, did you see the angle of those three shots? Not just anyone could dodge that!"
"Honestly, if that was me, I wouldn't even be able to dodge that sword strike ….."
"They're both experts!"
While the audience was chatting excitedly, on the battlefield, Lin Yuan, who still hadn't lost his fighting spirit, was maneuvering his humanoid mech to chase after the bird. He launched wave after electromagnetic wave of light energy missiles at it, but none of them landed!
Lin Yuan felt extremely depressed!
On the surface, it looked like he was keeping his opponent on the run, but in fact, he was completely disadvantaged. He could work himself to death for a long time and not gain the upper hand, while the other side could lead him around the field, like walking a pet, a relaxing stroll.
Lin Yuan hadn't played such an exciting match for a long time!
This kind of disadvantage unexpectedly fired him up even more! He recalled the intensive attack drills in today's training room, the more difficult the circumstances, the calmer you needed to be, hot bloodedness was a good thing, but too much hot bloodedness would only give the opponent an advantage.
Lin Yuan quickly forced himself to calm down and withdrew his particle cannons. He stood in place, readying himself for a defensive counterattack.
At this time, the system suddenly popped up a timer notice, and the two mechs were immediately teleported back to the opposing maintenance ports.
Lin Yuan froze - online battles had a twenty minute time limit, he'd already been fighting this guy for twenty minutes? Ordinarily, he'd defeat his opponents within three minutes, or if he met a higher level player, he'd be beaten by them within three minutes, so this was the first time Lin Yuan encountered a battle that couldn't be settled within the twenty minutes.
Lin Yuan was somewhat puzzled, thinking: Why didn't he fight back? To be honest, if he fought back, I would've lost already.
Sure enough, a legend's thought patterns were too incomprehensible for normal people.
Because the two mechs had no casualties, the system automatically scored them according to the two sides' mech maneuvering, the final winner was Little Prince, who was rewarded 300 credits.
The scene immediately exploded into enthusiastic applause.
Lin Yuan was somewhat dissatisfied: "Let's go again!"
But the opponent replied: "Nuh uh, I'm sleepy."
….. How does every sentence this guy utters make me want to punch him?
Lin Yuan was silent for a moment, then he sent out a friend request and opened a private chat: "Then, will you log back on later?"
These words, just like a child tugging on an adult's hand, expectantly asking them: Do you have any more candy?
As soon as Lin Yuan sent these words, he couldn't help but blush slightly.
Contrarily, the Little Prince was still very calm: "I'll be back, I've had some free time lately."
Lin Yuan immediately excitedly asked: "Then tomorrow night, same time, can we play again?"
The Little Prince yawned, "Why should I play with you, your level's so low."
Lin Yuan: "….."
Little Prince: "Unless you want to be my disciple."
Lin Yuan: "….."
Little Prince: "How about it? I think your combat instincts' not half bad, you just lack some practical experience. If you call me Master, I can take out some time to teach you."
….. This person's skin is really thick.
But he's also really strong.
How strong was he? Strong to the point where he couldn't even land a hit on him in hand to hand combat.
Anyway, he was the mech battle game's current first ranker, Lin Yuan couldn't see any disadvantage in becoming his disciple. Thinking of this, Lin Yuan straightforwardly said: "Master! Please teach me!"
"Kay, clever disciple~" Little Prince sent a hug emoji, then directly deposited 1,000,000 credits.
- Lin Yuan was dumbfounded.
Is that really one million? Did he make a mistake?
But this guy has a ridiculous amount of credits, right? So scarily dedicated as soon as he undertakes a task, he really was the legendary first ranker…..
But….. It feels so good to be nurtured by the Master!
Little Prince: "Take those credits to go buy a new mech, you've limited yourself by always using humanoid mechs, give the land combat's wolf type and the air combat's birds a try. After mastering these two, the others will be a cake walk."
"Yes, thank you Master!"
Lin Yuan took his Master's gift credits and ran to the battle platform's mech store. He exchanged 500,000 credits for a silver wolf-type mech, and used the remaining 500,000 plus his own 300,000 for a red bird.
In this battle game, many of the high level experts had more than one mech, Lin Yuan didn't have that many credits, so he only had one humanoid mech, the upgraded version of the one the system first sent him.
Today, thanks to his Master, he suddenly owned two new mechs, excited, Lin Yuan jumped into his new mechs' cockpits to feel them out, then earnestly locked his new mechs up in his pocket space. After this, he contentedly logged off and went to sleep.
***
In the neighboring bedroom, Caesar pulled off his virtua helmet and gently massaged his temple.
To go so far as to pretend to be an arrogant high level player to receive Lin Yuan as his disciple, he had only one objective -
If a stranger directly gave Lin Yuan an expensive gift, with his temperament, he certainly wouldn't accept it. But if he was his Master, he'd have grounds for sending him gifts later, and he could teach him more conveniently. Also, he could get even closer to him….. right?
==============================================
Chapter 030: Mech Upgrade
The next day, instructor Knox led the 50 students to the school's shooting gallery for shooting practice. As a soldier, one's shooting skill must meet the standard, in order to be able to control mechs at an even higher level later.
Knox stood in front of the row of students and said with a solemn expression: "The next three days will be dedicated to shooting training. Today is the first stage, each person must fire ten times in a row, and all ten shots must hit the target at a score of 8.5 or higher to pass. Students who pass can go back and rest early, the students who fail must remain here and practice until they pass!"
Lin Yuan used to play a lot of shooting games online, taking hold of a light and slim particle gun in person for the first time, he couldn't wait to try it out. Under instructor Knox's orders, Lin Yuan immediately raised the particle gun and started shooting at the target.
8.9, 8.6, 8.8, 8.0…
Darn, less than 8.5, the score recalculated.
Lin Yuan took a deep breath, adjusted his aim and started a new round of shooting.
8.6, 8.5, 8.3…
Reset.
Fortunately, this kind of practice particle gun didn't need ammunition, instead using energy to control a particle beam. An energy box could shoot about 1000 rounds of particle beams, which was enough for a student's morning practice.
Lin Yuan was concentrating on firing at the target when he suddenly heard instructor Knox call out, "Caesar, you may leave early!"
Everyone: "…"
The group simultaneously turned to look in Caesar's direction, staring up at the scoreboard above his head, which was displaying the results of his ten shots - 9.7, 9.6, 9.8, 9.6, 9.8, 9.6, 9.7, 9.6, 9.8, 9.9.
Not only did Lin Yuan gawk at the board, even the other students were astonished!
This level, isn't it comparable to a professional shooter's?
All ten shots scored above 9.5. Even more outrageous, the last shot actually hit a high score of 9.9! Please understand, the longer you continuously shoot, the greater the psychological pressure will increase, especially for the last shot, it's easy to make mistakes because of nervousness.
But not only was Caesar unaffected, he calmly fired the last shot, getting a high score of 9.9…
Lin Yuan stared at his roommate in admiration, coincidentally catching Caesar's line of sight.
Lin Yuan couldn't help but smile and send him a thumbs up.
Caesar put down the pistol and took off his earmuffs, then he walked to Lin Yuan's side and whispered, "How are you doing?"
Lin Yuan replied: "I'm not very stable, I'll have to keep on training."
Caesar glanced up at the scoreboard, then stepped behind Lin Yuan to hold his arms and gently lift them up, adjusting his posture. Then he spoke softly into his ear: "Don't be tense. Close your eyes and take a deep breath to calm yourself down. Don't look up at the scoreboard midway through, just earnestly rely on your judgment and instincts for each shot."
Lin Yuan nodded: "Yeah, I know, I'll keep practicing."
Caesar smiled and said, "Then I'll head back first, I have a matter to take care of today."
Lin Yuan waved at him, "Okay, bye!"
Caesar turned away from the training room and immediately ran into Brian, who was walking out of the neighboring shooting gallery.
Brian beamed at him and patted Caesar's shoulder, saying proudly: "This kind of training is so dull. I've had shooting drills since I was thirteen, you're all done too right?"
"Yeah." Caesar nodded, "Since the training is completed, are you free today?"
Brian stretched out his arm and kneaded his neck. "Yup, that was it for today, so boring…"
Caesar said: "Okay Mr. Bored, come do me a favor."
Brian lowered his arm and glanced back at Caesar in confusion, "Do you still need my help?"
Caesar turned and said: "Come, follow me."
***
In order to not attract any attention, Caesar and Brian walked to the front gate and took a suspension car out of the school grounds. After travelling some distance from the military base, the two boys hopped out of the car and summoned White Feather.
Caesar and Brian entered White Feather's cockpit. White Feather, sensing another person in his cockpit, couldn't help but ask: "Master, you've brought someone into my cockpit! Isn't this an outsider?"
Brian smiled and greeted, "Hello Little White, it's me."
When White Feather saw Brian, he immediately turned into a virtual white feather and excitedly floated in front of Brian. "BB! What happened in the final episode of that show? Tell me, tell me!"
Brian: "Your favorite supporting actor was killed off."
White Feather gloomily replied: "How can this be? That supporting actor was obviously more gentle and caring!"
Brian: "I thought so too, his character always reminded me of myself, gentle and caring."
Caesar: "…"
A shameless friend and a shameless mech, you really needed to have strong patience to withstand these two guys.
Ignoring the two's conversation, Caesar opened up the 3D navigation map and set White Feather's destination coordinates.
Naturally, it was the Salman forest, located a good distance from the military base. The forest was deserted, plus it was densely forested. It would be very hard to find the mechs concealed here.
During modification, a mech's intelligence center must be completely shut down, just like human beings needed to be put under general anesthesia before undergoing surgery. The process of modifying a mech was very complicated, so the mech's intelligence center would inevitably be damaged. Suzaku had to be shut down and dormant. Helpless, it had morphed and entered the space button, so it was necessary to find a safe place to let it out.
Caesar selected a large cleared space inside the forest for White Feather to land, then released Suzaku from the space button.
When Brian saw the mech, his eyes bugged out in shock. "Isn't this… Suzaku?"
Caesar nodded: "Yes, it's Suzaku."
"…" Brian stared at the huge red mech in front of him, speechless for a long time.
When he was a child, he often heard his grandfather talk about Suzaku. In fact, the empire's famous mech inventor, Aston Bayh, only made four S-Class mechs, the first one was Lion King, belonging to His Majesty Trent, the second was Marshal Rosen's Black Dragon, the third was General Ling Yu's Suzaku, and the fourth was Prince Caesar's White Feather.
Since the completion of White Feather's construction, Mr. Aston's health has been on the decline, and he's been unable to work.
It takes a great amount of time and effort to manufacture an S-Class mech. From the design stage to the assembly of parts, extremely accurate calculations must be made at each step. An error margin of 0.1 mm could make the mech implode at the last moment. Brian had already met Lion King, Black Dragon, and White Feather, but he had only ever seen drawings of the legendary Suzaku, and never met it in person.
From the conception to the finalization of Suzaku's blueprints, his Grandpa revised the blueprints over a hundred times before finally feeling satisfied. When Brian first saw them, even he felt that the level of complexity was absurd.
Suzaku was his Grandpa's most proud work of art. Unfortunately, because his master violated military regulations and was sentenced to execution, Suzaku was also implicated and imprisoned.
- I never thought I'd actually have the opportunity to see it!
Brian couldn't help but feel giddy, he ran over to Suzaku to look it over carefully - This was his Grandpa's magnum opus, every bit of Suzaku's body, from the large parts to the small parts, were perfect!
Brian sized Suzaku up carefully, then turned around and asked: "Caesar, why do you have Suzaku?"
Caesar briefly explained Suzaku's situation to Brian.
Brian was flabbergasted: "… A downgrade?! Are you mad?"
Suzaku suddenly opened up: "Brian, I beg this of you, I don't want to be discovered and locked up again. If I can be downgraded to C-Class, I'll be able to sneak under the radar. Even if the mech association investigates, there'll be no evidence."
"…" Brian, who has never heard Suzaku's voice, couldn't help but gape.
The voice timbre data his Grandpa had installed into Suzaku's sound system was very gentle. Suzaku's voice sounded soft and pleasing, making the listeners feel comfortable, unlike White Feather, whose high pitched and hyper voice made people think about hitting it with a sledge hammer.
Caesar saw that Brian was starting to waver and hurriedly gave him a final push, "These are the current circumstances. Since you're already in on the secret, you have no choice but to help me right? Anyway, if I'm the mastermind, you're now my accomplice."
Brian: "…"
To have such a "
laid-back
" prince for a friend, he really felt like he was living on the edge!
Brian was silent for a moment before he reluctantly nodded, "Although I know how to do it in theory, I've never personally downgraded a mech, plus Suzaku is an S-Class mech, its internal structure must be very complicated… I need to go back and collect some more data, if I make any mistakes during the procedure I could damage Suzaku."
Caesar nodded. "We'll go back and collect the information later. The next three days are dedicated to shooting practice, if you pass the evaluation early you can treat the rest of the days as a holiday. We'll take advantage of these three days to prepare for the operation. Afterwards, we'll have no choice but to sneak out at night."
Brian couldn't help but look up at Caesar: "You've been plotting this for a long time huh? You've even calculated the schedule?"
Caesar shrugged helplessly: "I have no choice, since I've decided to free Suzaku, I can only give it my best shot. Fortunately, I have the mech prodigy Brian to help me."
Brian immediately snorted: "It's not use flattering me, most mech experts can find a way to upgrade a mech, but no one's been bored or careless enough to fully downgrade a mech, plus it's very rare to find a mech willing to downgrade themselves… this is also my first attempt."
Caesar replied earnestly: "I believe in your skill."
Brian was silent for a moment before he smiled and said, "Since you insist on stroking my ego, then I have no choice but to accept the challenge. In fact, I'm also super confident in my skills."
Caesar: "…"
By the time the two found a safe place for Suzaku to settle it was already lunch time, Caesar called out White Feather and said: "White Feather, for the next month Brian and I will try to take some time out every day to modify Suzaku. Suzaku's intelligence center needs to be shut down during the modification. You have to stay by Suzaku's side and protect it from any accidents."
White Feather excitedly replied: "Aye sir! It's a great idea to make me the predecessor's bodyguard! I will certainly complete this mission with glory and honor, rest assured master!" After speaking, it morphed into a huge bird, and proudly stood beside Suzaku. One wing was shamelessly extended over Suzaku, posing in a protective stance.
Suzaku: "…"
Suzaku immediately shut himself down.
Caesar: "Except for me and Brian, do you know what to do if a stranger tries to touch Suzaku?"
White Feather instantly replied: "I know, I'll immediately smash him into pieces!"
Caesar nodded with satisfaction, "Good, then you stay here as a bodyguard. I'm heading back with Brian."
After the two boys left, the surrounding area quieted down, and White Feather excitedly shouted: "Predecessor Suzaku, it's only us here, let's chat! When Mr. Aston was building me, he always talked about you. He called you his favorite mech, his most satisfying creation! I've always wanted to meet you! You look really good, red is such a great color on you!"
"The design of our intelligence systems are similar, so when I invaded your intelligence center that day I saw a lot of bad memories. It's so pitiful that you were forcibly shut down for so many years. Fortunately, my master rescued you. You can stop worrying predecessor. You'll have a new master soon and I, I'll always protect you!"
White Feather couldn't help but feel somewhat bashful at his own declaration, but after waiting for a long time, he found that Suzaku wasn't responding at all. Confused, White Feather couldn't help but look down, then froze in place: "W-whaa… why are you shut down!?"
Suzaku: I can't hear anything if I'm shut down, so I can happily get some peace and quiet!
***
Brian called out Little Blue to take them back to school.
Although Little Blue was rated as a D-Class mech by the Mech Association, there were many factors in a mech's rating, including the ability to attack, the number of cold weapons, light energy bullets, etc. Although Little Blue had a near 0 rating in attack power, its speed was nothing to sneeze at.
This was Caesar's first time entering Little Blue's cockpit. Contrary to White Feather's chattering and bumbling around before a take-off, Little Blue was much more obedient. Without a single comment, it took off, carefully following the set route. To be with Brian for so many years yet still maintain a calm intelligence center, this really was not an easy accomplishment.
Brian checked Little Blue's intelligence center, then excitedly said: "Oh right, Caesar, now that you've reminded me, I think Little Blue could use a good upgrade. Its intelligence system ought to be A-Class or higher, but the hardware facilities can't keep up, so the Mech Association evaluated it as D-Class."
Caesar: "The mech association's ratings are quite superficial, and the evaluation criteria is too rigid. It hasn't changed in hundreds of years. You created Little Blue when you were very young, so your designs were very juvenile, you should modify it when you have a chance later. ."
Brian nodded. "Yup, that's what I was thinking of doing, I'll brush up on upgrade procedures when I get back. I need to look over Little Blue to see which parts could use a modification. Mmm, I think I'll remove the arms and legs first, and exchange them for ones made with a more flexible material."
Little Blue: "………"
You're discussing your plans to remove the hands and feet of a mech right in front of it? Is this really a good idea?
***
Brian and Caesar spent the rest of the afternoon on the library's 15th floor. The two's ID cards gave them the highest authorization. As a result, they could easily access confidential information that was not open to the public. The true wealth of San Romia's Library was located on the 10th through 15th floor, the vast collection of precious books and confidential documents was simply fascinating.
Contrary to his usual behavior, Brian was very efficient when he was seriously invested. Throughout the afternoon, he compiled a list of all the information on mech modification and parts disassembly that he needed, then used a light tablet to copy the information to bring it out of the library.
When it was dinner time, the two boys walked downstairs, and ran into Snow at the medical section on the fifth floor.
Snow had apparently just finished copying information and was exiting the fifth floor. A Beta girl walked out with him, a pleasant smile on her face as she talked to him. Snow listened to her words earnestly, his expression focused.
Brian grinned and greeted, "Hey Snow, what a coincidence."
Snow watched Brian and Caesar walk down the rest of the stairs, and asked, puzzled: "You were checking out books upstairs?"
The majority of the books on floors sixth and above were related to history and social sciences. What business did the the two of them have upstairs?
Brian hastily explained: "No, we were on the fifteenth floor, we needed to check out some information."
"…" Snow was silent. Because of the abundance of confidential information on the 10 floor and above, corresponding authorization was needed to open up the floors. The process of applying for permission with the school issued crystal card was very complicated. Most students only got the opportunity to go up there when they needed to plan their graduation project. After all, the books available on the 1 -10th floors were more than enough for daily study.
Who would expect that Brian and Caesar had the authorization to open the floors? They were also first-year students. It was unreasonable to have such high authorization so soon after entering the school. Obviously, they must've used their own ID cards to enter. The family backgrounds of the two Alphas were obviously not simple.
Seeing Snow not responding, Brian glanced at the girl next to him and couldn't help but ask: "Who's this?"
Snow returned to reality, then introduced: "This is my girlfriend, Cheryl." Then he pulled her into a stiff looking intimate embrace, his arms around her shoulder, and said, "These two are my roommates, the Command Department's Caesar and the Engineering Department's Brian."
Cheryl, who had a pride worthy figure and full wavy hair, smiled elegantly: "Nice to meet you."
Caesar, politely: "Likewise."
Brian: "…"
WTF!
Cheryl, apparently sensing a deep concentration of hostility radiating from Brian, glanced at him with a puzzled look, then took Snow's arm and continued down the stairs.
Brian stared at their retreating backs, the unpleasant emotions in his heart multiplying tenfold!
After a moment of silence, Caesar said: "I never thought Snow would be such a quick mover. It's only been a week since the start of the new term and he's already found a girlfriend… At least he has some good eyes, Cheryl's very beautiful."
However, Caesar couldn't help but feel some doubts, if Snow was really an Omega… Was it appropriate for him to find a Beta girlfriend? Shouldn't he find an Alpha boy to get through estrus?
Caesar stood thoughtfully, not noticing that Brian's eyes were already on fire.
While the two ate dinner, they once again saw Cheryl and Snow walking arm in arm into the dining hall. Snow even thoughtfully held her plate for her. Coming down from the initial anger, Brian gradually became dejected, staring plaintively at Snow's back, like a big dog that was abandoned by its owner.
Caesar finally noticed something wrong with his friend, and couldn't help but ask: "What's wrong Brian?"
Brian stayed silent for a moment, then asked seriously: "Caesar, if you realized that you liked someone, but the other person's already seeing someone else, what would you do?"
Caesar pictured a scene of Lin Yuan dating someone else… This was totally unbearable!
"Do you really have to think about it? Of course you have to steal them away." Caesar said mercilessly, "As long as they're not married, it's not a foregone conclusion. Everyone deserves a chance for fair competition. Why don't you fight for what you want?"
Brian's eyes brightened, "That's right, I think so too! I won't selflessly hand him over to someone else!"
Brian resolutely vowed in the bottom of his heart: Snow belongs to me.
At the same time Snow, who was eating with his senior sister, suddenly felt a strange chill run down his spine.
===========================================
Chapter 031: Brian's Confession
Because of the odd uneasiness that suddenly rose up in his heart, Snow couldn't help but frown slightly. He glanced in Brian's direction and saw that Brian appeared to be discussing something seriously with Caesar, but nothing seemed to be abnormal.
…Maybe I'm over thinking it?
Cheryl looked at him with an inquisitive smile: "Is something bothering you? Underclassman?"
Snow took a deep breath and feigned calmness: "Nothing's wrong."
Cheryl smiled and changed subjects: "Oh right, you asked me about creating homemade medicine today. I thought of a way you can do it. I'm currently preparing for my graduation project, and I've just been approved for the private school lab I applied for. If you need it, I can lend you all the equipment you need to make medicine."
Snow looked up and asked: "Doesn't this violate the school's rules?"
Cheryl shook her head and said, "That doesn't matter, I need a lab assistant to help with some tasks. You should apply to be my assistant, so no one doubts you when you go in and out of the lab or use the equipment."
Snow said earnestly: "Thank you, upperclassman."
Cheryl: "Don't mention it, I grew up on Oman planet too. It's rare to meet another schoolmate from my home. I'm supposed to take care of you." Cheryl paused, then lowered her voice and said, "But, pretending to be your girlfriend is not a long-term solution. Isn't it better to try and find a girl you'd like? Do you want me to introduce someone to you?"
Snow hastily replied: "That's okay, let's keep this up for the time being, thank you upperclassman."
Cheryl smiled and said, "Okay, then treat me to dinner today."Snow nodded: "No problem."
Cheryl was a third-year medical department upperclassman whom Snow met the first day he checked in at school. At that time, she happened to be in the new students' reception room and discovered that Snow came from the same planet Oman as her, so she paid closer attention to him. The two exchanged contact information, and Cheryl assured Snow that he could ask her for help if he encountered any difficulties in school. She was the Secretary General of the Medical Department's Student Union.
It just so happens that Snow was stressing over the inhibitor situation for the past few days, so he tracked down Cheryl to ask her about making homemade drugs.
This upperclassman specializes in pharmacology. After graduation, she'll most likely become a pharmacist. That she was currently preparing her graduation project and had already applied for a private laboratory to make a batch of new drugs just as Snow needed her help was an unexpected, but pleasant, surprise.
He unhesitantly agreed to become Cheryl's assistant. As long as he got a hold of the ingredients for the inhibitor, he could use the laboratory equipment to create a more stable inhibitor.
After dinner, Snow returned to the library to once again look up information.
He had to think of a way to process the oral inhibitor into an injection as soon as possible.
Many of the ingredients in the inhibitor could not be directly absorbed by the body after digestion in the gastrointestinal tract. The effects of an oral administration were greatly reduced. Only a direct intravenous injection was most efficient. Moreover, an injection was only needed once every three months, unlike the oral medication, which had to be taken every day.
Snow knew the formula for the inhibitor, however, in order to find conventional drugs with similar effects to use as substitutes for the illegal ingredients that were not commercially available, he needed to consult a large amount of data and conduct various experiments.
***
As Snow carefully consulted the pharmacological data, he had no idea that at that moment Brian was in the reference room upstairs, frowning as he read through "Snow's girlfriend Cheryl's" records.
What surprised him was that Cheryl's information was too easy to look up -
The girl was actually a third-year medical department senior, and the Secretary-General of the Medical Department's Student Union. Her profile was directly linked to on the publicity page of the Medical Department's Student Union. He just had to click it to receive a very detailed introduction…
Cheryl, Beta Female, 20 years old, a third-year in
St. Romia
Military School's Medical Department, pharmaceutical major.
Born on planet Oman, her parents were both doctors, and her family background seemed to be very simple.
Cheryl was very beautiful, not a shy and sweet little sister-like beauty, but a dignified and sophisticated big sister-like beauty. Almost 173, a figure that made becoming a model a viable career, plus she had a cheerful personality, was well-spoken, and was very popular in the medical department. It was rumored that if all her pursuers queued up they would form a very long line.
- How many days has Snow known her for? Did he actually manage to capture the department's third year beauty?
That ice cold and unsmiling Snow, he definitely didn't seem the type to go around wooing girls! Certainly, that older sister must be some kind of
cradle robber
, and she's the one who chased after Snow, right?
It must be true!
Imagining Cheryl cornering Snow and confessing to him, Brian immediately clenched his teeth in hate!
Someone actually moved ahead of him? How unbearable!
Forcing himself to calm down, Brian returned to the dormitory.
He walked into the dormitory in time to meet Lin Yuan coming out of his bedroom after changing into casual clothes.
Puzzled, Brian asked: "You're going out now? It's so late."
Lin Yuan smiled and said: "Yeah, I signed up with Caesar for the mech competition next month, I'm heading to the mech training room for some drills."
No wonder Caesar mysteriously disappeared after dinner, he had an appointment to mech train with Lin Yuan. This was the first time Brian heard about them signing up for the Mech Competition. Seeing Lin Yuan practically bouncing with excitement, he waved and said, "Go on then, train hard, make sure you bring back that first place prize!"
"Will do!" Lin Yuan nodded and hurried out.
Now Brian stood alone in the empty dormitory.
Brian sat on the living room sofa and turned on the big screen TV to watch his soaps, but for some reason he couldn't get into the story he usually liked so much today. His brain was full of the scene of Cheryl holding Snow's arm.
Brian sat expressionlessly for a while, then poured himself a glass of cold water and gulped it down, but the cold water in his belly didn't do a thing to extinguish the fire in his heart, it just made Brian feel even more depressed.
I was too oblivious. When I saw Snow with his girlfriend, I finally realized that I liked him!
No wonder he'd felt so anxious when Snow fell sick that day, and felt so giddy with happiness when he'd carried him back home on his back, and after hearing that he had a girlfriend, he'd had insomnia for a whole night!
You obviously liked him right?! How do you only figure it out now?!
Brian scratched his head, annoyed. I'm even one step too late to confess, I'm such an idiot!
***
Some hours passed, and after about 10:30, the door was suddenly pushed opened.
Snow had returned from the library, but as soon as he walked through the door, he immediately felt that the atmosphere was a little bit wrong. Lin Yuan and Caesar's bedroom doors were both wide open, the two were clearly not in the dormitory. Only Brian was sitting on the living room sofa,
desperately drinking cold water
. The TV was still playing a boring melodramatic romance.
Snow nonchalantly glanced at him and headed towards his bedroom.
This blatant disregard finally thoroughly infuriated Brian. Brian immediately stood up from the sofa and followed Snow.
Snow walked into his room and was just about to close the door, when Brian suddenly reached out and blocked it.
…What is this, a
shadow
?
Snow frowned: "Brian, do you have something to say?"
Brian stared straight at him and asked, "That Cheryl, is she really your girlfriend?"
Snow nodded.
Brian asked, irritated: "You only met her a few days ago and you're already dating? Do you know her? Do you know what kind of person she is? What if you're completely incompatible?!"
Snow replied coolly: "She's cheerful and beautiful, what's wrong with me wanting to be with her? Whether or not we're incompatible, we can only know after being together, right?"
Brian: "…"
Brian was left dumbstruck by the two rhetorical questions.
Snow ignored Brian and turned into his room. He took off his jacket, preparing to take a shower.
Brian immediately followed him into the bedroom. "Do you really like her that much? Like her to the point of insisting you guys be together? Or say, did she actively pursue you, and you causally agreed cause you wanted to give it a try?"
Snow glanced at him with cold impatience: "Brian, are my private affairs any concern of yours? You're just my roommate, isn't this too much meddling?"
Brian hung his head and grumbled: "It is my concern."
"…?" Snow couldn't hear what he was muttering about, frowning, he said: "Leave already, I want to take a shower."
Brian suddenly looked up and grabbed Snow's wrist, shouting: "Your private affairs are my concern! I don't want you to be with someone else! Do you hear me? I like you!"
Snow turned back in shock. "What did you say…hey…"
The blond boy's handsome face was suddenly magnified in front of his eyes and his lips were warmed, he was being kissed by Brian.
"…" Snow immediately froze, wide eyed.
Brian's tongue nimbly pried opened Snow's jaw and directly plunged into Snow's mouth. As if to declare his possession, he unceremoniously attacked, one hand tightly holding Snow's wrist, the other hand immediately encircling Snow's slender waist, closing the distance between the two, and pulling Snow into his arms.
"Oh… hmm…"
Snow was completely caught off guard by the kiss!
When he could finally react, his mouth was full of Brian's taste!
Brian's possessive kiss was full of the rough and reckless passion of youth, but it was also very warm. The rich fragrance of an Alpha spread between lips and tongues, making Snow's body tremble involuntarily. His head suddenly blanked, his body felt a wave of weakness, and he lost his ability to resist almost instantly.
- Snow's unexpectedly not resisting? Awesome! Does this mean he also likes me?
Thinking of this, Brian deepened the kiss, his nimble tongue thoroughly plunging into the other boy's mouth, paying attention to every inch of Snow's mouth, slowly licking his teeth, and wrapping around Snow's tongue, kissing him deeply.
"Oh… um…"
The ambiguous sound of smacking lips made the entire bedroom seem especially quiet.
Snow's rapid breathing and slight trembling in his arms made Brian feel even more excited, and his body's pheromone also became more concentrated. He was almost instantly hard, if not for his last traces of rational restraint, he would've already pushed Snow onto the bed.
"Ah…"
Snow's eyelashes trembled incessantly, his slender fingers gripped Brian's clothes to support the weight of his body.
His whole body felt weak, being embraced really was too unbearable!
His condition had been very unstable these past few days. His Omega pheromone fluctuated restlessly. At this moment, being directly kissed and embraced by an Alpha, Snow's defenses almost instantly collapsed!
Brian was licking every inch of his mouth, he was filled with the Alpha's breath. The dreadful feeling of being eaten alive made Snow's scalp grow numb, and his back trembled with a subtle sense of trepidation. He even felt a desire to get closer growing in the bottom of his heart…
No, I can't let him kiss me like this…
"Ah… let go… let go of me…"
Snow resolutely pinched his palm to let himself recover some rationality, then clenched his fist and used all his strength to punch Brian's face!
"…" Brian was stunned by the attack, and finally released Snow.
When he first met Snow, Brian's left eye was the victim. This time, the victim was the right eye.
The two eyes were balanced.
Although he was punched again, Brian felt very happy this time.
Snow, whose whole body was weakened by the kiss, couldn't put much strength behind the punch. In Brian's eyes, it looked to be a reaction because of shy angry, his eye didn't even hurt. Looking at Snow's flushed red face, lips swollen by his kiss, and rapid panting, Brian felt very giddy with happiness.
Being beaten up, letting him vent his shyness, none of that mattered!
Brian boldly stepped forward and gently grabbed Snow's wrist, the other hand positioned over his heart, he said softly: "Snow, I like you, please don't stay with that upperclassman. Be with me… okay?"
Snow: "…"
Brian anxiously looked at Snow and said, "I'm serious. I pledge my heart and soul to you! I'll cook for you, wash your clothes, and make your bed. If you date me, I'll never let you regret it."
Snow: "…"
Are you confessing or selling merchandise?!
Also, cooking, washing clothes, making the bed… why are you describing yourself as a full-time housekeeper?
Snow looked up at Brian and met his sparkling eyes. He originally wanted to scold him for being so shameless, but when he met his expectant gaze, he couldn't open his mouth. Instead, he looked away awkwardly.
This guy's confession really was too embarrassing…
And Brian's manner of confession was so rotten…
But his kiss was really tender, and his eyes were also very sincere, obviously, his 'like' was serious.
Can… Can I believe him?
Brian was an Alpha, if he really did like him…if he suddenly entered estrus on school grounds in the future, but he had Brian around to mark him in time, wouldn't this be better?
Or he could let him mark him in advance, which would also help him avoid any troubles caused by estrus?
At the very least, being marked by someone who liked you was better than being marked by an unfamiliar Alpha.
And he could ask Brian to keep his secret for him.
If he really had to pick an Alpha in the school to mark him, Brian was undoubtedly the most suitable choice.
Although he was trying to think rationally about his current situation, when he thought about Brian possibly invading his body, entering that unspeakably private place, embracing, possessing, marking him, and even ejaculating in his body…
Snow's whole body stiffened, his hands and feet felt cold, he felt an intense desire to stab someone.
Taking a deep breath, Snow forced himself to calm down and raised his head, deliberately ignoring the discomfort of meeting Brian's shameless smile. Holding back the urge to punch him again, he asked in a neutral tone: "You really like me?"
Brian nodded enthusiastically, "Of course I do. You're my first love. You can ask Caesar if you don't believe me. I've never felt this way about anyone before, you're the first person I've ever liked."
Listening to his confession, Snow's heart felt even more uncomfortable.
- First love? What did that feel like? Not only was Snow completely clueless, he also didn't want to find out.
Although he thought that, looking at Brian's ingratiating smile… he didn't feel all that disgusted?
That was good, anyway, he had to find an Alpha to mark himself sooner or later, and if it's Brian, it'll be convenient to handle these matters in the dormitory.
Snow made up his mind and said dully: "Okay, let's try dating."
Brian: "……………"
Brian was speechless, even he didn't expect his confession to be successful on the first try. Then he ecstatically threw himself at Snow and tightly hugged him, "Good, great!"
Brian propped his chin on Snow's shoulder and lightly nuzzled him, like a big dog. He also softly confessed into his ear.
"I really like you…Snow…"
"…" Snow didn't know how to answer him, so he just remained rigid and silent. But Brian apparently had no intention of letting him go, his strong arms grew tighter and tighter, making it harder and harder for Snow to breathe.
After a long time, Snow finally took a deep breath and hesitatingly reached out to gently hug Brian's shoulder.
Brian immediately happily lifted Snow's chin and kissed him again. His tongue cleverly explored his mouth, the gentle kiss even carried a hint of imploration.
"…" Snow blushed, then tightened his arms around Brian's shoulders and began to respond timidly.
Brian, who finally got a response, became even more excited, and sucked and licked Snow's tongue more enthusiastically, drawing Snow closer into his arms.
Snow couldn't help but think in his heart: This Brian's just like a big dog, always eagerly following behind him. Such an Alpha was sticking to him, but he somehow didn't seem to find him as annoying as at first?
In Snow's impression, Alpha have always been disgusting beings, especially since many Alpha were chauvinistic and arrogant, and only viewed Omega as their sex playthings and tools for child bearing.
However, this Brian seems to be a little bit different?
Especially when he embraced him so gently and kissed him so desperately…
Snow was surprised to discover that he didn't feel sickened at all.
======================================================
Chapter 032: Prince Caesar's Predicament
Lin Yuan and Caesar were in the mech training room, continuing yesterday's attack strengthening exercises.
Strangely, although today's mech was also a white C-Class mech, this mech was not like White Feather, who'd turned into a virtual feather last night and came out to chat with Lin Yuan.
This mech's intelligence system was completely different. Most mechs were influenced by their master's personality, so it was baffling how White Feather didn't resemble Caesar in the slightest. Caesar was calm and collected, while White Feather was bubbly and chatty.
Today, the mech was very quiet, quiet enough to make people completely forget about it.
Lin Yuan couldn't help but feel suspicious, why did he feel that this mech was different?
After training for a while, Lin Yuan finally couldn't help but ask: "Caesar, why's White Feather so quiet today? It seems different from yesterday."
Caesar: "…"
In fact, this was a white mech Caesar specifically borrowed from the mech center after dinner, since it resembled White Feather. He'd thought he could hide it from Lin Yuan, but Lin Yuan unexpectedly felt something different about the mech as soon as he entered the cockpit.
White Feather's personality was too 'unique', even if you looked for a mech to replace it, the switch would immediately be discovered.
That guy was currently diligently guarding its predecessor Suzaku in the forest. Caesar had no choice but to make up an excuse: "I sent White Feather for a service checkup. A few of its parts were defective. I rented this mech from the school, let's use it today."
Lin Yuan nodded. "Oh, okay."
Either way, it was another C-Class mech, so the console was the same. Lin Yuan had no opinion on this.
It's just that this mech was too quiet. Lin Yuan suddenly missed the sound of White Feather chatting cheerfully.
The night of training was quickly completed with Caesar's help and guidance. Compared with yesterday, there was a little bit of progress. Lin Yuan returned to the dormitory with Caesar in a happy mood.
They found the living room well lit up after walking in, there was obviously someone else in the dormitory. Snow's bedroom door was wide open, smiling, Lin Yuan walked over and asked: "Snow, how come you came back so early today…"
Lin Yuan suddenly stopped, the scene in the bedroom stunning him.
Seeing Lin Yuan frozen in place, Caesar couldn't help but walk over and ask, "What's wrong?"
Looking into the bedroom, Caesar also froze in place.
- In the bedroom, Brian was holding Snow in his arms and kissing him passionately. Snow had his arms lightly wrapped around Brian's neck, his ears flushed red.
The two were engrossed in their make-out session. They didn't even notice their two dorm mates behind them, frozen like flagpoles.
Lin Yuan: "…"
Caesar: "…"
Lin Yuan was dumbstruck, watching the scene of the two people kissing, his mind was completely blank. On the other hand, Caesar quickly recovered, and after wordlessly closing the bedroom door, he turned around and dragged Lin Yuan away, who was still standing in a daze.
Since they'd undoubtedly become third wheels if they stayed in the dormitory, Caesar dragged Lin Yuan out the front door.
The two walked shoulder to shoulder along the school road, brushed by the late night wind. Lin Yuan finally shook himself awake and said, shocked: "Brian and Snow, were they just…" Kissing? He really couldn't speak the last word. Lin Yuan scratched his head, embarrassed, and looked back at Caesar.
Caesar said calmly: "Yeah, Brian probably likes Snow, and it looks like his confession was a success."
He'd long felt that Brian treated Snow differently, especially after seeing his reaction when he saw Snow and that girl today, Caesar vaguely guessed Brian's feelings towards Snow. He just never expected the usually lazy and careless Brian to confess so quickly, and actually win over Snow. The "girlfriend episode" must've really provoked him.
Lin Yuan was awkwardly silent for a moment before he whispered: "Cough, I know it's a private matter between the two of them, and I'm not qualified to get involved… But seeing two boys together, I always find it so strange…"
Caesar looked back at Lin Yuan and asked, "How is it strange?"
"…Ah?"
Caesar's counter-question stumped Lin Yuan.
How is it strange? Was it NOT strange for two boys to kiss?
Caesar smiled at Lin Yuan's perplexed expression and said: "Lin Yuan, these types of relationships are very normal. In our empire, the ratio of the three ABO sexes has long lost its balance. There are many Alpha and Beta male couples, in fact, according to last year's population statistics, Alpha/Beta male families make up more than 10% of households."
Lin Yuan: "…"
More than 10%? There are that many?
Caesar continued: "These marriages are not only allowed, they're protected by imperial law. Although the fertility rates of Betas are relatively low, if the Alpha's genes are strong enough, impregnating a Beta isn't that difficult."
Lin Yuan: "………"
Why did he get a strange feeling in his gut when he listened to Caesar speak about these things?
Although Caesar was correct, Alpha and Beta male marriages were indeed allowed, those were theoretical concepts. Lin Yuan has never seen those types of couples before. He'd lived on planet
Rayan
for as long as he could remember, those kinds of desolate planets had no Alphas or Omegas. Most families were composed of a Beta man and a Beta woman.
This kind of "male couple" scene, Lin Yuan has only ever seen it once on the space ship, and that moment was very shocking.
Now, personally witnessing his two roommates' kiss, that feeling of strangeness was simply indescribable.
How could embracing another boy be comfortable?
If Snow and Brian really got married, isn't Snow going to give birth to Brian's baby?
That's way too terrifying, right?!
Thinking of this, Lin Yuan unconsciously stopped walking. Scratching his head, he muttered: "Your argument makes sense, but I still find it weird. Isn't it more suitable for Beta boys to be with Beta girls?"
Snow was obviously a boy, why not go find a cute and beautiful girl? Getting together with an Alpha male, forget about being overpowered by another man, you even had to give birth to the other man's child, Lin Yuan completely couldn't understand Snow's thought process.
… What if he was in that situation? When he thought about being pushed down by another man, Lin Yuan couldn't help but want to use his fist to 'greet' them.
Caesar saw through Lin Yuan's thoughts and asked: "Lin Yuan, you've never liked another person, have you?"
Lin Yuan nodded, embarrassed: "Yeah."
Caesar said softly: "So you won't understand, falling in love can sometimes be out of your control. Whether the other person is a man or a woman, Alpha or Beta, when you like someone, you sometimes can't explain why you like them, but you also can't stop yourself. When you like someone, there's no direct relationship with their gender, do you understand?"
Caesar's tone sounded especially serious, Lin Yuan had no choice but to nod, although he still didn't understand,"…yeah."
Lin Yuan really couldn't get it.
How did it feel to like someone? Lin Yuan has never experienced this feeling in his eighteen years of life… Speaking of which, why did Caesar know so much? The way he explained it, it seems that he's personally experienced these emotions before?
Lin Yuan looked up at Caesar and asked somewhat doubtfully: "The way you talked, you seem to know a lot about this…could it be that you like someone?"
The boy's jet-black hair glowed under the street lamp's faint illumination. His confused expression as he reached up to scratch his head was so cute.
This inexperienced guy has obviously never been in love, he was unable to understand what it meant to like someone.
That's fine…
Maybe I can be his first love?
Caesar couldn't help but smile, and softly replied, "Yes, I have someone I like, but it's not convenient to tell him right now, because he doesn't feel that way about me, he only sees me as a friend."
Lin Yuan asked doubtfully: "Friends? Is the person you like one of our classmates?"
Caesar: "…"
- Idiot, the person I like is you ah, but I'm afraid of scaring you away, so I won't tell you right now.
Caesar was very aware of Lin Yuan's temperament. This guy appeared optimistic, cheerful and easy-going, but when matters of principle were involved, he wasn't very impartial. Once someone touched his bottom line, he would definitely use force to dispose of them. The way he wordlessly put those Alpha that tried to pick a fight with him in their place was proof enough.
They'll be attending the Mech Competition next month, they have to practice together every day for a few more weeks, and their relationship has been developing in a good direction recently. If Caesar suddenly laid all his cards on the table, their relationship would come to a standstill.
Just like a stew needed strict heat control in order to not boil over, Caesar has never been the type to rush head first into an unpredictable outcome, even when he was a child.
Although Caesar was envious of Brian's successful confession today, Lin Yuan was not Snow. Snow clearly already had the mental preparation to be with another man. Lin Yuan has never even considered being with another man. In Lin Yuan's mind, he should try to find a girlfriend, he would never treat a confession rationally.
There obviously was a long way to go before Lin Yuan was mentally prepared to accept a male partner.
However, Caesar was not in a hurry. He was only 18 years old after all, plus he was still a prince. He couldn't recklessly confess like Brian. If he was determined to be with Lin Yuan, he had to think about all the roadblocks he'd encounter in the future.
Lin Yuan was a Beta, this was one of them.
Lin Yuan's background was full of mysteries, this was another.
There was too much to consider when the marriage involved a prince. As the only Alpha son of His Majesty Trent, he was the default heir to the throne, his marriage might not even be his decision to make.
He liked Lin Yuan, he wanted to be with Lin Yuan.
However, he couldn't selfishly push the person he liked into the limelight. And he also wouldn't allow anyone to hurt the one he wanted to cherish and protect. Lin Yuan was so naïve, he couldn't be drawn into the royal family's political power struggle.
Caesar wouldn't reveal his feelings for Lin Yuan to anyone before he was sure of their future happiness.
If he rashly allowed people to find out that His Royal Highness was in love with a Beta, it would definitely cause unrest in the Imperial Parliament. One of the crazier members might even decide to arrest and lock Lin Yuan up, then force Caesar to marry a general's daughter or another suitable imperial consort.
As the empire's prince, Caesar had unparalleled noble status, but this noble identity also gave him a lot of pressure. Before taking the person he liked into the palace, he must first smooth out a path through the palace.
He didn't want to hurt his beloved.
Looking at Lin Yuan's curious expression, Caesar felt his heart soften, then he smiled and changed the topic: "Well, let's not worry about this matter right now. The most important thing for you now is to practice driving the mechs and concentrate on dealing with next month's competition."
Lin Yuan nodded earnestly. "Yes, I know."
When talking about mechs, Lin Yuan instantly became interested. "Oh right, I'm not sure I clearly remember the instructions for the three maneuvers we practiced today, can you explain them to me again?"
Caesar: "Sure, let's talk as we circle around."
The two continued to walk side by side along the school road.
It was very late at night, the abundant stars shone brightly in the night sky above, dotting the vast blue dome of heaven. The twinkling stars were like pairs of bright eyes, quietly overlooking the beautiful planet underfoot.
On the quiet school road, the two's footsteps echoed clearly, and the warm yellow street lights framed their bodies, dragging two long shadows along the ground. The two shadows were overlapped, moving side by side, like a couple walking while holding hands, on a simple road that seemed to stretch on for eternity.
Lin Yuan didn't notice this, but Caesar saw, and his heart was filled to the brim with pleasant emotions.
Right… he wanted an enduring relationship, not a flash in the pan.
He wanted to be with Lin Yuan, a faithful and devoted love.
If one day he became the empire's king, Lin Yuan would be his only queen.
Before that day, he couldn't feel anxious, he couldn't become rash. He had a lot of things to do, and there were many obstacles that needed to be cleared. He had to protect Lin Yuan first, then he could focus on convincing Lin Yuan to completely accept him and fall in love with him.
As long as he got the result he wanted in the end, a long wait was worth it.
The two of them walked side by side around campus while discussing mech operational skills.
On such a quiet night, walking with Caesar around campus and discussing topics he was interested in, Lin Yuan's mood was completely cheerful and relaxed. He didn't notice, he'd already pushed the promise he'd made to his mother before leaving home, to "keep your distance from those Alpha", completely to the back of his mind. Those thoughts were especially far away whenever he was together with Caesar, he'd even forgotten the fact that "Caesar is an Alpha."
To the current Lin Yuan, Caesar was a friend, a very good friend.
The alert mentality he first had around Caesar had completely disappeared.
***
The two strolled around until nearly twelve o'clock before returning to the dormitory. They entered the door just in time to see Brian coming out of Snow's room. Although one of Brian's eyes were swollen, his expression was happy and satisfied.
Lin Yuan caught sight of him and, remembering the intimate scene with Snow he'd witnessed earlier, quickly ran back to his bedroom, embarrassed.
Caesar looked at the stupid expression of his childhood friend, and couldn't help but say: "Brian, come with me for a moment."
Brian followed him, puzzled.
When they entered Caesar's bedroom, Caesar turned and closed the door. Brian walked over to the bedroom's small sofa and sat down, then looked up at Caesar. "What's up? I've already designed a plan to remodel Suzaku, I can get started tomorrow. "
Caesar said: "It's not about Suzaku, its Snow."
Brian froze, then smiled and scratched his golden head, saying contentedly, "I can't hide it from you, I confessed to Snow today. And he actually agreed to date me…"
Thinking of the sweet kiss that ended just a moment ago, Brian unexpectedly blushed.
Obviously, this youth's IQ and EQ, after experiencing his first kiss, had directly dropped down to negative values.
Kissing Snow felt even better than in his imagination. Snow's soft lips and the cool taste of Snow's mouth made Brian lose his senses, he'd never grow tired of kissing him…
Caesar looked at his blushing friend, and couldn't help but feel tangled.
In fact, Caesar didn't have any evidence to decide whether or not Snow was actually an Omega, but the occasional pheromone he sensed made him doubt Snow's identity. Brian was now dating Snow, and this should be considered Snow's private business. Without any evidence, and as Brian's friend, Caesar couldn't just carelessly bring it up.
Caesar thought about it, then asked: "Brian, are you serious about him?"
Brian grinned and rubbed his chin, "Of course, you think I look like some kind of half-hearted playboy?"
… …that cocky expression really incites people to violence.
Caesar was silent for a moment before saying in a serious tone: "Don't forget, you're the only son of General Bayh. If you want to be with him, you have to think of a way to get your father's approval. Of course, if you're just playing around then forget I said anything."
Brian hastily said: "Of course not, I'm absolutely serious about Snow. I've never liked another person so much. I want to be with him, I want to always stay with him, can't you understand?"
Caesar: "…"
Caesar certainly understood, because he'd also met the one person he wanted to always be with and protect.
He wanted to be with Lin Yuan. He wanted to always protect Lin Yuan. He wanted to see Lin Yuan every day. As long as he saw Lin Yuan's bright smile, his heart was filled with warmth.
Caesar couldn't understand before, but after meeting Lin Yuan, he absolutely understood.
He knew how it felt to like someone.
When you liked someone, selfishly holding onto them wasn't enough, their happiness was even more important. As a friend, Caesar naturally hoped that Brian and Snow could be together with trouble, but Snow's mysterious identity still made Caesar feel uneasy. He wanted to find out Brian's true feelings, so if something happened in the future, he could lend a hand.
Brian smiled and said: "I know why you're worried. I know about my family's situation. Although I'm an only child, the Bayh clan has a lot of children. I have more cousins than I can count, I don't have to worry about carrying on the bloodline or anything like that."
Brian paused then continued, "As long as I insist on being with Snow, my dad and grandfather definitely won't object. As for my father, he might have a powerful presence outside, but at home, he's really afraid of my dad. If my dad supports me, he won't complain about it."
Brian's biological dad, Berg Watson, was an Omega male with royal blood, and Caesar's 1st cousin. He looked very gentle and kind, but his personality was very strong. He had his own opinions on the mech manufacturing field, so he was quite respected by Brian's grandfather, Mr. Aston. In Brian's home, the powerful General Bayh ​​was actually the one with the least say.
In the military, there were always whispered rumors that General Bayh ​​was whipped, henpecked, etc. Brian had apparently inherited his father's "qualities". When he followed Snow around, he resembled a big ol' loyal dog.
Knowing his dad's, Berg's, personality, he should like the cultured Snow for a son-in-law, right?
Seeing Brian's confidence, Caesar felt a little relieved. He smiled and clapped his friend's shoulder, "Since you've made up your mind, you should stick to Snow. If you really get married in the future, don't forget to invite me to the reception."
Brian grinned: "Don't worry, I'll invite you as my honored guest when I get married. Having His Royal Highness the Prince personally congratulate me is the highest honor." The more he imagined it, the more excited Brian felt, "I definitely have to get married to Snow in mech suits. Okay, I'll handcraft an S-Class mech for Snow! Snow's name… snow…I think I'll make him a mech called Little Snow. What do you think?"
Caesar: "… …"
Brian's naming sense really was incomprehensible.
And he was getting way ahead of himself.
You've been dating for a day, why are you already planning the wedding ceremony? Even thinking about the name for the mechs?
This was definitely a residual effect from watching too many soap operas.
Caesar said helplessly: "…Sounds good. Go to bed now, you can continue planning it out in your dreams, good night."
Then he drove the blissful faced Brian out of his room.
While he washed up, Caesar, who was influenced by Brian's ramblings, couldn't help but imagine his own wedding.
He'd been to a few royal weddings. When his older sister got married, her husband-to-be sent an escort for her. Innumerable honor guards had surrounded the imperial palace, and the various ceremonies looked very complicated.
He'd also have to follow the royal family's ceremonies when he got married in the future. On the surface it looked extremely luxurious, but in reality it was extremely boring. Especially the so-called imperial palace banquet, standing there all night to accept everyone's congratulations, you'd lose all feelings in your legs.
… Lin Yuan would definitely feel annoyed.
Should he appeal to his father to improve the royal wedding ceremony?
Lin Yuan, who was taking a shower next door, didn't know that he was currently trying on ceremonial wedding attires in his roommate's imagination.
========================================
Chapter 033: Reemergence of the Black Dragon
When Brian returned to his bedroom, he began to sketch out the design of a mech, and suddenly there was a flash of inspiration in his mind—he wanted to make a
healer-type mech
for Snow.
(
TN
: I don't really know what kind of mech this is, but three different websites translated it as 'Therapeutic', I decided to just go with 'healer' as a more general term for it.)
The more Brian thought about it, the more excited he was, the inspiration in his mind was flowing like a spring, the shape of the mech armor was gradually forming in his mind and the first draft of the design was quickly drawn. He hasn't felt such an intensive burst of inspiration for a long time. The last time was when he first made Little Blue, now, it was that same feeling of inspiration that sparked into excitement and an irrefutable impulse to begin building it right away.
After he finished drawing the design, Brian looked at the silver humanoid 3D model of the mech in the optical projection. He thought about Snow's height and made some minor adjustments to reduce the height and size of the armor. Now, Snow will be able to move freely to his heart's content.
Taking into account the adjusted size of the mech, Brian carefully gauged the materials required to build it. In Little Blue's body, there is a storage space fitted with an abundance of materials and parts needed to make a mech, but the parts needed to build a healer-type mech were particularly specific, and the preexisting parts that Brian had before leaving home weren't going to cut it.
After giving it a thought, Brian connected to his home communication device.
Ten seconds later, in the Cepheus Star Constellation, the communicator to the Bayh household was connected.
The projection screen lit up and a simple and cozy room materialized. The face of a refined man dressed in proper nightclothes was sat upright in bed. The man took a quick glance at Brian and asked, "Brian, what's got you up so late?"
Brian gave a beaming smile: "Dad, you have been in good health, yeah? I've heard that the weather has started getting colder in the capital star ... "
Berg interrupted him: "Don't beat around the bush alright? What's been causing you problems at school?"
Brian: "......"
In his Dad's heart, he had already begun to imagine the worst-case scenarios.
Brian slyly touched his nose and said innocently: "I'm not in any trouble. Actually, I need your help to send some things over. I need some A-level parts. The parts on
Po Military Star
aren't good enough, I can't buy any high-quality parts here. Buying online is also no less troublesome. Anyways, Grandfather's storage room has a whole bunch of parts. I've sent the list over. Would you send me a follow-up another time? Oh! That's right... By the way, as long as it's no trouble, send me the original designs for the
Vermillion Bird
!"
(
TN
: I don't remember what the last translator translated this as, but apparently it's a star? This is the planet that the military school is on. However, I couldn't find a proper translation since it was only giving me things like 'Broken Military Star' so I kept it in Pinyin. If I go back and find what the previous translator translated it as I'll change it.)
(
Another TN
: The previous translator translated the mech Ling Yu (Lin Yuan's dad) used as 'Suzaku'. In the raws, it is Zhū Què, named after one of the 4 symbols of the Chinese Constellations. Suzaku is the same thing, just in Japanese. However, since the rest of the mechs had been translated into English, I decided to do the same for Suzaku and go with its English name of Vermillion Bird.)
Berg's face wrinkled as a slight frown appeared on his face, "I can send you the parts. But what do you want to do with the Vermillion Bird's design?"
Brian spoke with a smile on his face: " I want to study the manufacturing principle of an S-class machine! "
Berg coldly glanced at Brian. " Your current level is already pretty good for C-level. Do you really want to study S-level?
Brian, who was slighted by his father, smiled with a thick face: "This just proves that your son has great ambition! My ultimate goal is to create an S-class mech just like Grandpa! You should just give me the diagrams for the Vermillion Bird already, I know that the drawings are in your hands, allow me to accomplish this dream of mine, can't you let me study it?"
After a moment of silence, Berg, seeing no other option grudgingly nodded and said, "Alright then."
Brian immediately laughed. "That's great! Oh, yes...
Father
, is he not home?"
(
TN
: He is referring to his other dad.)
Berg faintly smiled and said: "Your father set off to the Po Military Star two days ago."
Brian was suspicious: "What is he doing here?"
Berg said: "Supervising this month's military exercises, and he will represent the military department to inspect your school. You'd better behave. Don't cause your father to lose face."
Brian hurriedly stood to attention and honored his Dad with a standard military salute: "I will do as you say!"
Berg merely glanced at this stupid son of his and immediately shut off the communicator.
The content of the next day's military training is a standard shooting training. This training focuses on fast-paced response-ability. There will be 1-10 targets in the shooting range that will appear simultaneously. It is necessary to shoot down the target quickly in the specified time to complete the task. Caesar and Brian have a one-time pass out of this test. After the two met at the entrance of the shooting gallery, the two of them started moving towards Sherman Forest.
In Little Blue's cockpit, Brian gingerly took out the demotion plans for the Vermillion Bird so that Caesar could look it over.
Caesar looked carefully and asked: "This plan has no problems right?"
Brian spoke with high confidence: "Rest assured! My dad gave the original design of the Vermillion Bird to me this morning. I have studied it all thoroughly and modified it to fit this new plan. In accordance with my research, the chance of something going wrong during the conversion to a C-level is fairly low."
Caesar nodded with reassured confidence.
Brian inherited the genius of his grandfather and his father, he is truly very talented in the field of building mechs. Caesar believes wholeheartedly in the skillset of his close friend, otherwise, he would not dare to rashly agree to Vermillion Bird's request.
The two people were chatting when Little Blue's communication device suddenly turned on. "Master, White Feather sent out a communication request."
Brian was startled for a bit before he immediately connected to the communicator.
Almost at the same time from both sides of his ears, the sound of White Feather hopping nervously about is heard: "Master! Master! Someone is coming to the forest! Ah! Ah! It is a legion! The Hydra Legion! I have detected the Vanguard Unit of the Hydra Legion! They're heading this way as we speak, the main forces and the command carrier should also be behind us! What should I do? Should I immediately take Predecessor Vermillion Bird and run away?"
"......" Brian and Caesar turned face to face and stared at each other.
Caesar was puzzled: "Hydra Legion? Is your father on Po Military Star?"
Brian nodded his head. "Yes. Two days ago, he set off to take the Hydra Legion to the Po Military Star in order to supervise the upcoming military exercise... The Hydra Legion is most likely just patrolling the exercise site, and just happened to be passing by Sherman Forest?"
Caesar was silent for a moment, and he turned around and ordered: "White Feather, initiate all anti-detection systems, try to hide as best as you can, don't let them find you. Don't leave or act rashly, we will come over immediately!"
White Feather hurriedly and nervously said: "OK Master!"
Brian immediately adjusted the speed of Little Blue to the maximum, and the two men rushed toward Sherman Forest in the fastest direction!
***
The plain-looking man's attire was a green, creaseless, military uniform, it gave his tall build an undeniable air of strength. On the opening of his chest was an emblem fit with a hovering serpentine pattern, and on the top of his shoulders, he had four gleaming gold stars - this is one of the five four-star generals in the Empire, the head of the Hydra Legion, and Brian's father, General Drew Bayh.
Drew pulled out the 3D diagram of the entire Po star, pointing to a marked range, he softly spoke: "This military exercise is divided into three parts: grounded ambush, air combat support, emergency withdrawal. Of the three exercises, the grounded ambush is set to be located in Sherman Forest. The terrain of Sherman Forest is complex and varied. As the location for the ambush exercise, it just so happens that we can test the function of the newly developed snake-shaped mech."
Drew paused and looked towards the body of the man beside him seeking input.
The man standing to his side was the same height as him. He wears a neat black military uniform and the five gold stars placed side-by-side on his shoulders showcase his noble identity in the military. The man's handsome and indifferent face still has no expression. He calmly glanced at the topographic map in front of him and nodded faintly, saying, "You decide."
Drew smiled and let out a laugh as he said: "Since the Marshal personally came to Po Military Star, wouldn't it be better to watch the upcoming military exercise together?"
Rosen said: "No need, I believe you can command well... Besides, I came here for some personal matters."
Rosen had left the Glory Legion in the constellation of Cepheus, and tagged along with General Bayh, indeed for a private matter - Vermillion Bird had fled the museum.
He had been around Ling Yu for many years and had developed a long friendship, and his feelings for Vermillion Bird reflect that close sentiment. As Ling Yu's respected mech and partner, he regards Vermillion Bird with the same care and affection he had felt towards Ling Yu.
In the several years of fighting the hostile forces of the Strain Federation, the battles had reached their peak intensity after a very long time of fighting. The Secret Night Legion, as the strongest assault campaigning force in the empire, had been fighting against the enemy forces of the Strain Federation on the front line, although despite their outstanding military service and brilliance, they had also suffered heavy casualties.
The one to accompany Ling Yu at his side the longest was his mech, Vermillion Bird.
The Vermillion Bird had multiple previous instances of saving Ling Yu from countless dangerous and risky situations.
To Ling Yu, Vermillion Bird had an especially great significance. Vermillion Bird was not just a mech to him, but his dearest partner and friend. He greatly enjoyed staying with the Vermillion Bird and would always talk to the Vermillion Bird about his worries. Every time he chatted with Vermillion Bird, his face was always relaxed and purely happy.
In his heart... Perhaps the Vermillion Bird may have been more important than even himself?
During the time when he was arrested by the military, he specifically requested to bid farewell to Vermillion Bird... but he did not come to say goodbye to
himself.
(
TN
: Rosen is referring to himself.)
Because of Ling Yu's crimes, the Vermillion Bird was implicated and sentenced to life imprisonment in captivity by the Mech Association.
If Vermillion Bird wanted to escape, any ordinary mech would be helpless to stop it. At that time, in order to arrest Vermillion Bird, the military used two S-class mechs - the Glory and the Phantom. These two S-class mechs joined hands to pursue and attack the Vermillion Bird. In the end, they successfully subdued it and were able to forcibly strip all of the energy from the Vermillion Bird and imprison it in the hidden room in the museum.
Towards these actions, Rosen had already filed a complaint against the ruling. However, at the time, he was only an ordinary general. Additionally, the Glory Legion at the time was only a second-grade support legion, and his personality was cold and unsociable. Despite his outstanding and celebrated military service, he had very few friends in the military. To make matters worse, the relationship between the military and military courts were just as terrible.
There was no way to protect his own omega, which is the greatest shame for an alpha. But more importantly, there was no way to protect Ling Yu, which was an even greater unspeakable anguish for Rosen.
Later on, Ling Yu had driven the Black Dragon which was then subsequently buried in the interstellar ruins. Rosen was disheartened bringing the Black Dragon's fragments and Ling Yu's personal belongings back to lay at the foot of the monument. In turn, he never visited the Vermillion Bird again.
He didn't properly protect its master. He didn't know how to tell it the cruel news that "Ling Yu had already passed away."
19 years had already gone by. It was completely outside of anyone's expectations for the Vermillion Bird to suddenly escape and even crash into the Burleigh Canyon.
Rosen's shock when he heard this news was simply indescribable.
There was barely an inkling of hesitation for him to ask the military to give him a few days off and then personally rush off to the Po Military Star to see what happened for himself.
Before Rosen left the constellation of Cepheus, he brought out the replica of the Black Dragon from the Mech Association.
Contrary to what many may think, the outer shell of the armor is not the most difficult part to assemble, the most difficult part is the intelligence center, especially the intelligence center of a class A or above. It is very troublesome to develop, so the method of copying and backing it up is widely spread among the military.
Ling Yu adamantly disagreed with this practice. He believed that since mech are given intelligence and possess IQ, they should be respected as such by human beings. Copying the intelligence center of a mech and just re-creating a new one after the armor is destroyed is just as ridiculous as picking up someone's genes and re-copying a living person after their death.
These sorts of remarks made by Ling Yu have long since been met with ridicule by many people in the Mech Association. Some people even said that his brain is faulty. The mechs are just a hunk of metal and data. Does it really need human respect? Is he crazy?
No matter how harshly he was ridiculed by others, Ling Yu has always insisted on adhering to his own opinion no matter what.
He did not leave a smart copy of the Vermillion Bird, because, in his heart, the original Vermillion Bird would be the only true one.
Perhaps in return for its master's trust and respect, among all of the S-class mechs, the Vermillion Bird is the most loyal and powerful one. When attacking the enemy, it was unstoppable. The imposing bright red color plastered on the outer layer even made a great number of people tremble whenever it came into view.
Back in the days when it fled, the military dispatched the Glory and the Phantom together to pursue and capture it into submission. During this, it could be clearly seen how independent and valiant the Vermillion Bird's spirituality was under the influence of Ling Yu.
Although Rosen had left the Black Dragon's replica in the Mech Association according to the regulations, in his heart he was actually supportive of Ling Yu's ideology.
After Ling Yu and the Black Dragon had been buried together in the interstellar ruins, Rosen had never once thought about resurrecting the Black Dragon in the past. In his heart, both the Black Dragon along with Ling Yu had departed the world.
He never would have thought, now for the Vermillion Bird... He had no choice but to violate the oath he had made in his heart and resurrect the replica of the Black Dragon.
Between the Black Dragon and the Vermillion Bird, they share a special bond as S-class mechs that can sense one another.
Thinking of the past, Rosen couldn't help but feel a sharp pain from the bottom of his heart, his brow faintly creased.
Drew saw that his look was pained. He immediately stopped talking about the military exercise and made a hand gesture to order his subordinates in the command room to leave. He then whispered: "You've come here for that Vermillion Bird thing?"
Rosen nodded. "Well, I want to see where the Vermillion Bird crashed."
Upon his wrist is a black space button fit with the brand-new S-Class mech, after Rosen brought out the Black Dragon's copy, Mr. Aston and a few assistants worked through the night to follow the previous design and model of the Black Dragon. A brand new mech was assembled, and the Black Dragon's smart hub was put into the new mech carrier.
This Black Dragon looks like it had been completely reborn and resurrected, compared to the old Black Dragon, the two were carbon copies of one another.
After a moment of silence, Drew said: "In a minute, you can reach the Sherman Forest. I will let the Vanguard of the Hydra Legion go to the forest to find a path first."
Rosen nodded. "Halt the Hydra command ship for a bit. I will take the Black Dragon to the Burleigh Canyon to take a look around."
Drew immediately ordered the Hydra command ship to suspend in the mid-air and open the hatch in the hold of the ship.
Rosen brought out the Black Dragon and left by himself.
The Black Dragon was seen plunging down from the sky, breaking through the vast layers of clouds, the huge, purely black armor was whirling through the air and covered the sky as if it was a full black cloud, it's mere presence caused a sense of intense pressure to fall upon the area. The ice-cold stream of air spurred on by the mech caused a tremendous tornado to form between the heavens and the earth. The birds and beasts in the surrounding area were alarmed by the major disturbance and scrambled to hide. The places where the Black Dragon flew past was like a raging storm!
***
After talking to itself for a while, it realized that to its side, the Vermillion Bird was still in a shutdown state, and White Feather began to feel somewhat hopeless. It gently and cautiously used its large white wings to carefully protect the Vermillion Bird from sight, it then opened the anti-detection system throughout the entirety of its body, and re-established connection to Little Blue's communication instrument.
"Master! Master! Master!"
Once again, Caesar, who heard the similar panicked sound of White Feathers voice jumping around, couldn't help but frown. "What happened this time?"
White Feather said vigorously: "I seem to have sensed that the Black Dragon! Is the Marshal also coming here? And wasn't the Black Dragon heroically sacrificed years ago? Why did it suddenly appear here?"
Caesar was shocked and said: "Black Dragon? Are you sure you saw it correctly?"
White Feather immediately replied with conviction: "Yes, there's no mistake! We are the mechs created specially by Mr. Aston. The principle of our systems is the same. There will be a reaction between all of us when the detection system is opened. It's too unfortunate! With the detection system on, I can sense it. But, once it opens the detection system, it will definitely sense me!"
Caesar glanced at Brian.
Brian nodded: "The mechs made by Grandpa do indeed have this kind of detection and sensing system. The Lion King, the Black Dragon, the Vermillion Bird, and the White Feather can sense each other's existence through this system. Even if the anti-detection system is activated, they won't be able to escape the detection of the other party. These four mechs sense each other and restrain each other, there is not much worth in seeing them fight."
Brian paused and said thoughtfully: "If Small White Feather really senses the existence of the Black Dragon, there is only one possibility - the Marshal also came and summoned the Black Dragon. Although the Black Dragon was sacrificed 19 years ago, its replica remains in the Mech Association. Perhaps it was because the Marshal was suspicious about the crashing of the Vermillion Bird that he awakened the replica of the Black Dragon?"
Caesar: "......"
Damn it! Hiding the Vermillion Bird in the Sherman Forest was a huge mistake!
Who would have thought that in order to supervise the military exercises, the Hydra Legion would pass right through such a remote area like Sherman Forest? Even more so, who would even dare think that not only has the Marshal come but he also brought the Black Dragon that was resurrected?!
Between Black Dragon, White Feather, and Vermillion Bird, there is even a shared sense between these first-rate mechs!
Caesar took a deep breath and calmed himself down. He turned back to White Feather and said: "White Feather, don't be nervous, even if Black Dragon really found you, with the Marshal's temperament he will not open fire! You must protect the Vermillion Bird, we'll be there soon!"
White Feather quickly replied: "Yes! Master! Rest assured! I will definitely protect Predecessor Vermillion Bird! In order to protect Predecessor Vermillion Bird, I will not hesitate to pay with my life, I will not hesitate..."
White Feather began to recite from memory the lines of a soap opera, and Caesar quickly shut down the communication device.
***
High up in the air, the pale golden pupils of the Black Dragon suddenly flashed gently, and the mechanized voice reverberated cooly inside the cockpit: "Master, an S-Class mech has been detected up ahead - White Feather - Target Position: Sherman Forest 172.63.18."
Rosen frowned slightly, "White Feather? What is Caesar doing in there?"Black Dragon asked: "Do we need to go down?"
Rosen was silent for a moment. "Go to the Burleigh Canyon first and take a look at the place where the Vermillion Bird crashed."
"Understood."
The Black Dragon promptly sprang up and quickly flew to the direction of the Burleigh Canyon faster than the speed of light. From below, it was like a large expanse of a black cloud suddenly began hovering overhead, driving blasts of cold air and leaving a frightening pressure in its stead so terrifying that one would simply be unable to breathe.
The Black Dragon swooped downwards, taking Rosen directly to the bottom of Burleigh Canyon.
Many of the canyon's trees and rocks were heavily damaged and displaced. Obviously, two days ago, the Vermillion Bird slammed into the edge of the canyon when it fell, causing a large number of huge stones to fall to the canyon floor.
The bottom of the entire canyon was buried by a large number of rocks, but some small traces of red mech armor could vaguely be made out in the piles of stone.
Rosen softly ordered, "Black Dragon, clear up that pile of rocks!"
"Understood!"
Like before, it was a simple, one-word reply. Then, the Black Dragon immediately flew toward the mound of rocks. The long and solid tail swished in the air before in one solid movement swept across the mound of rocks, a majority of the stones were directly sent flying away particularly hard. One rock was even splintered off into pieces by it!
At the bottom of the canyon, there was dust floating in the air as far as the eye could see. The Black Dragon immediately took Rosen away from the shock of dust and the shards of rock and hovered over by the cliffs of the canyon.
After a while, the airborne dust finally settled on the ground, and their field of vision in front of them gradually became clear and open--
Finally, they were able to see what was under the freshly swept mound of rocks. There was a large number of red metal fragments that were buried, and now the red metal fragments gave off an illuminating glow and had a dazzling luster under the sunlight.
Rosen glanced over the debris on the ground, and said coldly: "This is not the Vermillion Bird."
- He saw through the guise with a mere glance.
The red mech fragments littered around the bottom of the canyon were just a slightly different color than the Vermillion Bird. Vermillion Bird's red is not the most commonly seen red, but a darker, deeper kind of crimson That deep shade of red didn't usually look all that dazzling under normal circumstances, but under the light, it looks as if the mech is being bathed in an ethereal blaze of fire.
He has known Ling Yu for many years, and he was just as familiar with Ling Yu's mech as his own mech.
Rosen looked at the red armor fragments, scowling slightly, and said coldly: "Vermillion Bird did not crash, Caesar is clearly lying - immediately go up to Sherman Forest, I need to check this out, What the hell is Caesar doing?!"
Although it was just a faint memory in his childhood, with the familiarity shared between Vermillion Bird and Ling Yu, there is no possibility of it mistaking him! That person was definitely the general. If Lin Yuan is the son of General Ling Yu, then he is likely to be an omega like the General!
Vermillion Bird had chosen to demote itself in order to avoid the Mech Association's investigation and to stay at Lin Yuan's side. In addition to trying to secretly help out the little Master, the larger objective is to follow Lin Yuan and find out the whereabouts of General Ling Yu.
***
At the school, Lin Yuan, who was currently doing shooting practice, was completely oblivious about this major event.
Lin Yuan successfully passed the shooting reaction training and finished up when it was almost dinner time, after dinner, he went back to the rooms to take a bath and put on clean clothes. He quickly sent a message to Caesar -
"Caesar, are you going to the training room tonight?"
Caesar quickly replied: "Yes, I am already in the training room, come over now."
"Okay, I am coming soon!"
Lin Yuan immediately changed from walking to jogging and ran to the mech training room rented out by Caesar as fast as possible.
When he opened the door, he noticed right away that something was wrong. The wide training room was empty, except for the white mech used by Caesar in the training session last night, and strangely enough, it was standing next to an unfamiliar black mech.
The metal on the black mech has a strange luster under the light and the smooth shape of the humanoid armor makes its arms and legs look particularly powerful. Its face is sharp and cut like a handsome knight. Then, the gleaming pair of golden eyes suddenly flashed!
Although it is the same size as the white mech, for some reason, the black mech standing quietly to the side seems to give a strange feeling of... oppression.
Lin Yuan looked at Caesar with a puzzled look: "Caesar, have you rented two mechs today?"
"..." Caesar was silent for a moment before he went up and spoke in Lin Yuan's ear and said softly: "I didn't rent the black one for myself, someone else is driving. He heard that you signed up for the competition and he wants to compete against you. "
Lin Yuan immediately became excited," Really? That's great! I also want to compete against someone!"
True to his word, Lin Yuan took the initiative to walk in front of the black mech and looked up at it. He smiled and waved towards it. "Hey, hello! Can you get out of the cockpit? My name is Lin Yuan, I'm a new year one student in the command department. What's your name? Did you buy this mech yourself or was it rented from the school?"
Caesar: "......"
Not one soul in the entire empire has never dared to speak to the Marshal like this......
Caesar couldn't help but look back at the black mech.
At this moment, Rosen, sitting in the cockpit, suddenly felt the whole world come to a screeching halt.
Black short hair, clear and bright eyes, lips stretched out in a bright smile, such a frightening similarity...
Ling Yu...
In front of his eyes, fragments of broken memories were flashing by of him practicing with Ling Yu in a mech training room many years ago. The teenager in front of him is just like the Ling Yu of the student days. However, the boy's face had a bright and clear smile. He rarely laughed like this.
The child's eyes... looks exactly like his...
When that pair of sparkling eyes were serious, it was like the brightest and most eye-catching star in the dark...
Rosen takes a deep breath, gently closes his eyes and drives away the chaotic thoughts that suddenly entered in his mind, By operating the Black Dragon that had became the black C-class mech, he made a gesture of invitation to challenge Lin Yuan.
Lin Yuan snorted and gave a bright smile. He said: "You are really straight-forward! Well, come and learn!"
After saying that, he simply jumped into the cockpit of the white mech and started it up.
The two mechs quickly settled into the battle ready position. As for a scoring system, Caesar himself had to press the buttons in the training room to score manually.
Lin Yuan saw the start of the scoring, and immediately pulled out the electromagnetic sword on his back and attacked the other side directly!
The author has something to say:
(TN: I will be translating the author notes if they do a small theatre or something relating to the plot.)
I see a lot of people discussing mech ships, cough, cough, what about your exercise? Quickly get up ~~~
(TN: I guess she's saying that they have better things to be doing instead of talking about mech ships lol.)
Come to a small theater -
Vermillion Bird: ...long time no see.
Black Dragon: ...I haven't seen you for a long time.
Vermillion Bird: What have you been doing for the past few years?
Black Dragon: I've been staying in the Mech Association. What about you?
Vermillion Bird: I've been staying in the museum.
White Feather: I have been staying with the little prince for a few years!
No one cares about White Feather for a long time.
White Feather: Predecessor Vermillion Bird, look at me! Look at me! Look at me! Why do you ignore me whenever Black Dragon comes out? Predecessor? I am here for the Predecessors! Don't be afraid, I will protect you! (waving white wings and looking around)
Vermillion Bird looked at White Feather and then... the firepower system started, and the light cannon was launched! Boom!
White Feather...shoulder. Rich Chinese
Chapter 035: The Mysterious Opponent
There are three weak points on the humanoid mech.
The first weakness is the abdomen, which is the source of power for the human armor. The energy that powers the mech is stored here, but the position of the abdomen is generally given special attention by the pilot, which makes it difficult to attack and sneak attack.
The second weakness is the chest. This is where the cockpit is located. Its importance is fairly obvious. It is also due to the importance of the cockpit, that the shields surrounding the cockpit are generally the thickest. The shield of the chest is made up of two hard and thick alloy metals. It is not advisable to directly attack it.
The third weakness is the neck. There are many wires that control the body of the mech. Just by cutting off or damaging the wires can cause major damage- the body directly loses control!
Lin Yuan registered as
Yuan-Yuan
on his account from the age of ten. After playing around with mech battle simulations on the Internet for a few years, since the accumulated points from winning hadn't been enough, he began operating humanoid mechs on the online battle area. He was the most skilled at the humanoid mech, pulling out the electromagnetic blade, he aimed to slash directly at his opponent's neck. This was his most commonly used opening move during battle.
(
TN
: Again, don't remember what the previous translator translated this as, but the two characters mean something like round or circle. I just left it in pinyin. It's on the online mech fighting game he plays if you recall, he and Caesar play on it together, but he doesn't know it's Caesar lol.)
The sword swiftly flew down. It is said that when the fighting spirit reaches its full potential, the resulting grandeur shines brightly like a rainbow- if the brightly flashing electromagnetic sword successfully cuts the throat of the other party, it will certainly directly sever the main wire!
Rosen indifferently glanced at the screen in front of him, his face still had no expression. His slender and powerful fingers quickly pressed a few commands and buttons on his console, only for the black mech to simply raise its arm and accurately cut the edge of Lin Yuan's blade in half!
A harsh "Clang" reverberated through the room. The fierce impact in the air had caused a rain of dazzling sparks to burst out!
Lin Yuan did not expect his opponent would dare to use his arm to block!
There is indeed a shield on the arm of the mech that is harder than the protective metal on the chest. The electromagnetic sword can't break it through at all. However, Lin Yuan's shooting speed is already rather fast. To make this attack accurately in such an urgent situation, the shield would have to be perfectly aligned with the blade and that obviously requires a very accurate predictive ability!
- That's right, it is a predicted response!
At the moment of his own attack, he had even predicted the final movement of the electromagnetic sword!
- This here is definitely a rare master!
Lin Yuan's heart trembled and he immediately raised his vigilance. Taking advantage of the other side's weakness of their outstretched his arm, he did not hesitate to open the light-energy bomb launcher and aimed it right at the other's abdomen!
At such a close distance, the light can clearly hit the center...
It's amazing that the pilot of the other side seems to see right through his own ploy again. Almost at the exact moment, he had started the light bomb, the opponent immediately enacted a side turn and jump and moved directly behind him. He suddenly pulled out the weapon on his back - his hand fell off the sword, and the sword fell down. The wire of the white mech was precisely severed!
The flickering "End of Battle" banner pops up on the screen... It only took less than thirty seconds to lose.
Lin Yuan was sitting dazedly in the cockpit, he didn't react at all. What had even happened?
His movements were way too fast...
Also his dead-center accuracy and the frightening predictive abilities...
The split second it takes you to think of making a move, he would have already guessed what you were going to do, calculated the final placement of the action, and planned the counterattack all in advance. When you are eager to think that you can strike with one hand, he has already been strategizing, avoiding your attack, and immediately catching onto your thought process to give a fatal counterattack!
- Only the top players have the ability to let the other party fear the loss of fighting spirit!
Lin Yuan was even unable to see how he had gotten behind him.
Before the armor of his own machine could be activated, the wire in his neck had already been chopped off.
This person is far too powerful, he was definitely not at a beginners level, while facing off against him, there was almost no chance of winning.
Fortunately, this was just a simulation training room. It's inevitable to come across injuries and deaths during a simulation. The rules of the simulation battle here are fairly similar to the one on the online arena. It simulates a virtual environment and images to play against. The actual mech and the pilot will not be hurt.
Otherwise, if it was on a real battlefield, with the sword cut down... A real person would no longer be alive, right?
Lin Yuan was frozen in place for a while, but then he heard a cold and faint voice enter his ear -
"At your level, do you still want to participate in the Mech Contest?"
The voice that transmitted through the communicator of the mech, was extremely low and the cold tone held no emotions. It reverberated throughout empty room. However, to Lin Yuan's ears, such mockery would only deepen his resolve
Lin Yuan took a deep, calming breath and said with absolute confidence: "Come again!"
Lin Yuan, rushed forward with the sword again, this time, even the opponent's side was not grazed. The strike just barely missed the mech's body, he was then punched by the opponent straight in the abdomen. Then, after having his legs swept from under him, Lin Yuan's white mech ate dirt - hehe.
Lin Yuan: "......"
Fortunately, it is was all just a simulation, otherwise, if someone was really thrown on their front like that, the pilot would not die but they would be extremely dizzy.
"......come again!"
Lin Yuan, again and again, rushed on ahead. This time he couldn't even get close to its body. He was bombarded with loses from his opponent.
"... come again!"
Lin Yuan was not at all discouraged. The more he fought, the braver he felt. The other side was strong, but it only served to arouse the fighting spirit in Lin Yuan's bones. At the end of the day, it was just a simulation battle. Even if you lose, nothing would happen, but even then, Lin Yuan has never been afraid of losing in the first place.
Lin Yuan rushed over and over again, and every time he was quickly and simply killed by various means.
Even after losing ten times in a row, Lin Yuan is still raring to go.
But Caesar was unable to put up with just idly watching for any longer.
Originally, he was under the impression that the Marshal would not be fighting with his true ability, He did not expect that the Marshal would ruthlessly play a game against a student. Poor Lin Yuan was constantly battered around without even a hope of retaliation, and no sooner surrounded frantically by the other party. He also experienced a variety of simple, neat, decisive, and simple deaths...
Once again being beaten to the ground, Lin Yuan still wants to start another round, but the other person suddenly said: "Do not fight, your level is too terrible."
"..."
Lin Yuan's face I couldn't help but get a little red.
He is indeed a rookie. There is no chance of winning at all under his opponent's hand. At this point, it is was also appropriate to be laughed at by the other person.
Lin Yuan took his fingers off the controls and raised his hand to scratch his hair. He said seriously: "You are really strong. I don't have enough experience in actual combat. I usually practice on the Internet. I have never seen such a powerful opponent like you. "
Lin Yuan paused, then he looked up and smiled and said:" As for the game... Well, I signed up to participate. I just wanted to try it and gain first-hand knowledge of every sort of expert, and I never thought to take rank ah, what's important for me is participation!"
Rosen: "......"
Looking at the holographic screen captured by the Black Dragon, the young man curved his mouth up brightly smiled, and from the bottom of Rosen's heart, he felt rather moved at this display.
- This child is very strong and also has great courage.
He never lost the will to fight and was not afraid to lose. What is even rarer is that he has continuously been optimistic and lighthearted even when he has lost more than ten times in a row, but he is still full of fighting spirit. If someone else was in his place, being repeatedly beaten up, they would definitely be dejected and lose confidence, but he calmly admits to the other side's strengths and his own deficiencies, as well as staying in the mood to make jokes.
Between the young boy and that desired person in his memory, recalling their similarly jet-black and limpid eyes, Rosen's heart suddenly softened, and could not help but say: "Actually, you are not so bad." Lin Yuan, who was praised by the master, was somewhat flattered and stunned. He was silent for a moment before saying: "I... I am not bad?"
"Yeah," Rosen said faintly. "In the previous games, although you lost completely, at the very least, you never made the same mistake twice. Your ability to learn is strong and your reaction-time is fairly quick, as long as you practice a lot there is still much room for improvement. " "
"...... " Lin Yuan after he was given too many high praises blushed a bit. He scratched his head sheepishly said: " Thank you. "
Looking at the youth with an adorable red face, Rosen's lips couldn't help but rise slightly.
A sensible child is really likable.
Rosen softened his voice and said: "...In fact, your moves are not wrong, but the delivery is not precise enough, when there are some minor tells before you attack, the other side will find it easy to predict your actions."
Caesar was shocked looking at the direction of the Black Dragon - Marshal, is this you impromptu teaching?
Even if word got around, this is something no one would actually believe!
Marshal's indifferent and wooden expression gives off the same amount of emotion as a robot. He rarely talks to people in the first place, let alone to go out of his way to teach a student personally...
For him openly teach Lin Yuan today, it is too inconceivable!
Caesar thought with some doubts: Has the Marshal approved Lin Yuan? Does that mean he no longer has to give out his own guidance?
In fact, Rosen himself did not understand why he, himself was acting so abnormal today.
Just by looking at the jet-black eyes of this boy, his heart suddenly grew soft.
This child constantly reminds him of Ling Yu.
His delicate black-haired and black-eyed appearance distinctly mirror Ling Yu, They even both share the same tenacity of being unafraid to lose, but never giving up after defeat. He also shares the same Asian descent of Ling Yu, even the pronunciation of his name is more or less the same.
There are too many places in the youth that are similar to Ling Yu.
Rosen couldn't help but want to teach this child and wish for him to run into fewer rough patches as he grows up.
Thinking of this, Rosen continued to patiently explain: "You always start by immediately taking out your weapon. This is not the best choice. Weapons have a limited attack power, and it is easier to suddenly deal out a fatal blow if it is unexpected. Otherwise, when you take out a weapon, it is easy for the other party to be highly guarded against it. The heavy weapon will only become a burden... You must learn that the weapon hidden up your sleeve is more dangerous than the weapon in your hand."
"Also, don't just think about how to dish out a set of combos, during the game, the other party will not move according to your thoughts, you must be ready to adapt at any time. If you feel uncertain about what to fo, your mech it's best to put your mech in a defensive stance, do not desperately go attack the other party. To prevent your actions being influenced by the other party. First, calm down and think about what you should do."
Lin Yuan felt like he understood and immediately nodded: "I know, I have only been thinking about trying to attack you, but every time I lose. When you defend, you will find opportunities to seize my weaknesses, and in turn, give out a fatal blow. This kind of defensive counterattack is surprisingly more likely to be successful! Right?"
Rosen couldn't help but raise his lips into a slight smile.
This child is truly clever, it comes to no surprise why Vermillion Bird recognized him as his master. Obviously, he is indeed very talented, his current ability to learn and his comprehensive skills are up to an astonishing level.
Rosen couldn't help but praise him: "That's right, you are very bright."
Lin Yuan said with a smile: "I have memorized your every word, thank you- ah!" Lin Yuan paused, "Yes, you are a senior in the mech control department, right? Your level is really too strong! How about later we can go to eat a quick midnight snack? You can tell me about other mech strategies, okay?"
Rosen: "......"
The sound of the youth's pleading voice made Rosen's heart turn soft and chaotic, he had almost opened his mouth to agree.
Too strange, this feeling...
For some reason, this child's body seemingly holds a shadow of Ling Yu, maybe it was because he really missed that person?
Rosen was silent for a moment before he said: "Can you allow me to ask a few questions... Who are your parents? Who taught you how to operate the mech?"
The other party's question was a bit abrupt, but surprisingly Lin Yuan does not mind, he calmly replied: "My dad was a soldier. His life was sacrificed when I was very young. I lived with just my mother and my older sister. As for the mech..." Lin Yuan was embarrassed and reddened with a bit of shame. "No one taught me. I learned by myself. I usually used whatever time I could to practice on the online battle arena, so my level is relatively poor."
"......" Rosen did not expect that this teenager actually grew up in such a difficult environment. Listening to him calmly talking about his Dad dying when he was very young, and Rosen's heart felt inexplicably pained.
Presumably by nature by growing up with a single parent family, he had tempered his brave character.
Rosen suddenly found that he actually liked the child more and more.
In his heart, he felt a bit unwilling to accept the new master who was recognized by Vermillion Bird. After all, Vermillion Bird is Ling Yu's mech, which had been very important to Ling Yu. In Rosen's heart, no second person other than Ling Yu could qualify to have the Vermillion Bird.
However, after seeing Lin Yuan, Rosen found that the unacceptance in his heart slowly vanished unbeknownst to him.
At this moment, looking at Lin Yuan's flushed red face with a dazzling smile, Rosen's heart easily accepted the boy.
- Since it is the master that Vermillion Bird recognized, naturally there is a special place for him. Perhaps it would be a good decision to hand over the Vermillion Bird to this hard-working boy.
- If Ling Yu was still here, would he also like this child too?
Thinking of this, Rosen finally took a deep breath and said calmly: "Even if I take you up on that midnight snack, there are still some small matters I have to attend to, I'll have to take my leave first. Tomorrow night at this time I will be waiting for you in the training room."
...Does this skilled master mean to continue to give him guidance?
Lin Yuan spoke excitedly without missing a beat: "Great! Then you can go on ahead, I'll see you again tomorrow night!"
The mysterious master quickly drove the mech to leave the training room.
Since it was already very late, Lin Yuan did not practice anymore and returned directly to the dormitory with Caesar.
Walking on the path, Lin Yuan finally could not help but wonder aloud: "Caesar, where'd you find that person, ah? Too skilled, even better than the Master I recognized online."
Caesar: "......"
There really wasn't a good explanation to give on such short notice.
In order to prevent Lin Yuan from feeling pressured, Marshal Rosen deliberately concealed his identity and disguised the Black Dragon as a C-class mech to fight against him. He just wanted to see Lin Yuan's level. Caesar did not tell Lin Yuan about the affair regarding the Vermillion Bird. He had originally wanted to give Lin Yuan a pleasant surprise, however, at the moment, it really wasn't the best time. He didn't know how to make up a lie for this situation
Caesar was silent for a moment, in order to cover up his worries, he quickly feigned a cough. He said calmly: "That master...cough, is a third-year, his mastery in controlling mechs is unrivaled The level of his mech is definitely one of the best in our school."
Even in the whole empire, it could still be considered one of the best.
That is Rosen, the commander of the three armed forces, even if he is not necessarily his opponent.
Lin Yuan nodded thoughtfully. "Oh, so it turned out to be the top senior student of the school's machine armor control department."
It's no wonder that he was so difficult to deal with! His ability to control the mech and his overall level are naturally a lot higher than that an amateur like Lin Yuan. However, what Lin Yuan finds suspicious is...
-the voice of that senior, isn't it a bit too mature?
It sounds like the voice of a full grown man, and the low timber sounds particularly nice in his ear.
- And where has he heard that voice before?
When the Pearl spacecraft was hijacked by the Strain Federation's troops, the voice of Marshal Rosen, the head of the Glory Legion appeared in time and rescued the entire spaceship. Didn't it seem to be a bit like the one just now?
--Wouldn't that be impossible? How did the Marshal come here and personally instruct him to operate the mech?
- Of course, it was just an illusion after all!
After leaving the training room, Rosen went straight to the residential district of ​​the St. Romia Military Academy.
Passing through the security verification at the door, he went to room C017 and rung the doorbell. Someone quickly opened the door. It was a young girl whose smile brought forth two adorable dimples on her face
The girl stared quizzically at the man standing in front of her. "Hello, who are you looking for?"
Rosen still didn't reply. Irene, who heard the voice, immediately hurried over and said to the girl: "Bertha, you should go back to your room. This guest is here for your father."
"Oh." Bertha smiled at Rosen and turned back to her room.
Irene was very embarrassed: "Sorry Marshal, I was busy making a quick late-night snack in the kitchen and didn't hear the doorbell. Bertha doesn't know you, so please don't mind her. You're welcome to come in."
Rosen calmly said: "I don't mind. "
Irene walked into the living room and sat down on the sofa. Rosen glanced at the door that the girl had just turned and closed, and asked: "Was the child who opened the door your daughter with Knox? Today she is already turned 18, right?"
Irene smiled and said, "That's right, her name is Bertha. She just had her eighteenth birthday a few days ago."
Following the dissolution of the Night Legion, Rosen invited Knox and Irene to the Glory Legion, but was resolutely rejected by Knox, the husband and wife pair came to the St. Romia Military Academy to become two ordinary instructors.
Time flies too fast, and in the blink of an eye, their child is already eighteen years old.
If Ling Yu did not escape from the constellation of Cepheus, the child of Ling Yu and himself would be the same age as Bertha, it would also be exactly eighteen years old. Unfortunately, the child that had not even received the chance to be born, just...
Thinking of such things, he couldn't help but feel a slight ache pooling at the bottom of his heart, Rosen reeled back his emotions and looked at Irene: "And what about Knox?"
Irene hurridly responded: "He went out to buy some things, he'll be back soon."
Just as her voice fell, the click of the door opening sounded outside the room, Knox walked straight into the room and handed over the food to his wife. Irene immediately turned back to the kitchen to prepare the food.
"Marshal." Knox came over and sat down on the sofa, his face was just as deadpan as he remembered.
Rosen looked at this familiar face and was quiet for a while before saying, "There is no need to prepare a midnight snack. I came over to see the both of you, I just want to chat casually."
Knox said hurriedly: " Marshal is too polite, I haven't seen you for a long time. Whenever you come here, we should naturally entertain you for a bit."
The two men fell into silence at the same time.
After suddenly seeing the people from his past that he hasn't seen for years, it was hard to think of any words to say. In particular, Knox always felt that he had gone against the command of General Ling Yu and allowed Rosen into the cell to mark him. He had failed the trust of the General. Therefore, in the face of this man who once possessed the General, in his heart, he always felt that there was something too uncomfortable about being around him.
After a moment of silence, Rosen opened his mouth: "You are responsible for the military training of the Command Department for the first month this year, right?"
Knox nodded. "Yes."
Rosen asked: "In the Command Department, is there a student named Lin Yuan?"
Knox was surprised and said: "How did you know? Lin Yuan is the squad leader of the class."
Rosen said faintly: "I met Prince Caesar today and heard it from him. Lin Yuan... What do you think?"
Knox said hastily: "Lin Yuan is a very hard-working student. He received a full 300 on the entrance exam. As a beta, he has been adept at managing the entire class. He has a cheerful personality and good temper. A lot of alphas were not convinced at first. Now, all of the students in the class have recognized him as the squad leader."
Knox paused, and started wondering: "Why is Marshal suddenly asking about this student, Lin Yuan ?"
Rosen was silent for a moment. Then he whispered: "That child... looks a little like him."
Knox certainly knows who he is referring to, and he can't help but be surprised: "Have you seen Lin Yuan?"
Rosen nodded before looking back at Knox, "You've also noticed it? Lin Yuan looks like Ling Yu back then, the eyes are especially like him... Maybe it's because they are both Asian descendants."
"..." There was a complete loss for words.
Indeed, when he first saw Lin Yuan, he almost thought that he saw Ling Yu.
In fact, their looks are not overly similar, but they give people a certain feeling and they seem to have a lot in common, especially with their shared clear and limpid black eyes.
Rosen continued: "I really like that child Lin Yuan. In the three years he's at school, I want Irene to take very good care of him. If you have any problems, remember to promptly contact me."
Knox was surprised. "Is it true? " ...Marshal means..."
Rosen nodded: "I want to wait for him to graduate before immediately joining the Glory Legion's First Guard Battalion
The First Guard Battalion is the equivalent of the army leader's personal guard, it is the closest legion to the regiment's top commander.
Rosen obviously wants to transfer Lin Yuan directly to his side.
There are many large and small legions in the empire. Every year after the cadets graduate from the military school, the military will then assign them to different legions to serve. The highborn students with powerful family connections will naturally be assigned to a good legion, and those who have no backing and a poor background are often assigned to a bleak planet to be a soldier or sent directly to the front line.
Rosen's sentence is a golden ticket to send Lin Yuan to the empires best legion.
With this man's indifferent personality, he rarely takes the initiative to care about others, let alone an 18-year-old military school student... Now, he's unexpectantly going out of his way to cater to Lin Yuan...
It shows just how much he values the child, Lin Yuan.
Knox was shocked for a moment and immediately said: "I know how to handle this, rest assured, Marshal!"
Rosen nodded.
Lin Yuan is a beta and is in every respect outstanding, but his family background is too mediocre. In places like the St. Romia Military Academy where there are a plethora of high-ranking aristocratic children, children born in poverty are easily bullied.
This was the case with Ling Yu. Because he was a beta with no backer, he joined a legion and suffered layers upon layers of difficulties. After graduation, he was directly assigned to the Vanguard Reserve of the Night Legion. Not even a year had passed before he was sent to the front line. If not for his powerful ability, perhaps he would have long been like a lot of young soldiers who had died in battle without ever having a chance to shine.
The military is actually a very complicated place.
This young boy named Lin Yuan has a personality and background similar to Ling Yu.
Back then, he wasn't able to protect Ling Yu. Now that he has the ability to protect a young boy very much like Ling Yu, perhaps this could finally resolve his cherished desire.
Thinking of the cute appearance of the teenager's red face while scratching his hair, Rosen's heart couldn't help but feel soft.
Lin Yuan's family is poor, there was no backing, and his personality is pure. Such children suffer many disadvantages in the military. A large part of the military officers' promotion system relies on lineage. It is difficult for an ordinary beta like Lin Yuan to be placed in a high-ranking position. This was the same reason why Ling Yu, despite his great ability and outstanding military service, had only been able to reach Major General.
Lin Yuan is just a first-year student, and the road ahead is still very long.
- It no longer matters I will be here.
- Starting today, I am your most powerful backer.
The author has something to say: Lin Yuan: Look for my dad, ah, found a good dad, ah, Salute ah, shake hands... Where's my mom?
Rosen very infatuated, there will certainly be good fruit to eat (including
meat
) ~ everyone can rest assured!
(
TN
: Not sure what fruit means, but meat is... juicy stuff lol. I want meat, these chapters have been nothing but sad!)
(
Another TN
: Hey, just trying to get past all of this sad stuff here! This chapter was so long! I have plans the whole day tomorrow so I won't be able to work on anything so next update might be another 2-3 days. During summer I'll forgo any kind of update schedule and just translate as much as possible, but when school rolls back around I'll probably stick to 2 a week. How's that sound?)
Chapter 036: Big and Small Prince
That evening, even after returning to the dormitory Lin Yuan had a hard time quelling his excitement. The battle with that mysterious figure still had his blood racing. His mind is still full of admiration for the master's precise and skillful operation. Laying in bed without an ounce of drowsiness, Lin Yuan simply decided to put on his helmet and log onto the holographic network system.
The mechs battle arena in the gaming hall is still very lively. Currently, even though it's rather late at night, the number of online users is still a lot and the chat messages on the main public screen are incessantly pouring out.
After looking over his list of friends, sure enough, Small Prince was currently online. Lin Yuan rushed over to send a greeting to give him prior notice: "Master, I am coming!"
Small Prince quickly replied: "Come to Room No. 11, password 1111."
Lin Yuan enters the password to enter Room No. 11 and saw Small Prince piloting a white bird.
Unlike the other night fit with a mass of spectators smashing their heads together at the magnificent sight, today, because of the password encryption in the room,
Ball
and Small Prince were the only two in the room. Without the influence of the onlookers, Lin Yuan's mood naturally relaxed.
(
TN
: User suggestion from the comment section for his online ID, thanks a bunch!)
He learned a lot of things under the guidance of that mysterious master. In order to begin to learn from this online master, Lin Yuan immediately summoned his own humanoid mech and wanted to challenge him. He didn't expect Small Prince to say: "Today you're going to be using the wolf-type."
Lin Yuan said with embarrassment: "I have never driven a wolf-type mech, I am not very skilled."
Small Prince said: "It doesn't matter, the operation instructions of the mech are similar, just different models. The stats of the mech are a bit different. The wolf-type mech has the strongest sprint speed and jumping ability out of the land mech, you can experience it yourself when you try it."
"Oh!" Lin Yuan had recalled the humanoid mech, changing the one he had just bought yesterday, the gray wolf-type mech, and began to fight against Master.
The wolf-shaped mech is truly fast, it runs like the wind. The light-cannon that is hidden in its mouth has extremely powerful firepower. Obviously, this kind of mech is most suitable in the assault unit of a Legion. It can be assumed that in grounded warfare if tens of thousands of these wolf-type mechs converged together to charge the enemy, they would be able to overwhelm the opposing force easier than a slicing a hot knife through butter.
Lin Yuan operated the wolf-type mech to run onto the field, his mood also became more and more riled up.
The running and jumping ability of the wolf-type mech is indeed very strong. With the same operation command, the humanoid mech can only jump up to two meters high, while the height of the wolf-type mech can nearly hop over a wall in one bound.
After playing a close game with Master, even though he ultimately lost in the end, this result still did not influence Lin Yuan's good mood. Compared to the previous match that where he was unable to retaliate, today he has noticed some improvement. Moreover, he became familiar with a new mech. This could all be considered a rather large gain.
Lin Yuan excitedly walked out of the cockpit of the mech, and before he could talk, suddenly a prompt box popped up saying "The other party has transferred one million points."
Lin Yuan: "......"
Although the feeling of being pampered by his master is very good, the one million points that were given before have had just been spent, and today there was another million, which instead ends up making him feel overwhelmed from the constant favor he receives.
Lin Yuan voiced out with embarrassment: "Master, you have already given me points before."
Small Prince said: "It's nothing, I have 20 million here."
... tw-twenty million?
Lin Yuan immediately become dumbfounded!
Small Prince disconcerting said: "I have been playing in the battle arena for more than ten years and I have accumulated a lot of points. I've already bought every one of the mech types, and the remaining 20 million points cannot be spent, you take should just take it for yourself to buy another mech to play."
After that, he directly and decisively turned over 20 million points.
"......" Lin Yuan has been flattered to the extent that his hands are shaking.
To be honest, when he recognized his master that day, he had always thought that the level of Small Prince was much better than himself. He would like to worship him as a master to learn a bit of his skill. Unexpectedly, the other party actually wanted to take having an apprentice seriously, the other party is several times more skilled than the master of their imagination.
- He does not only pilot birds, he actually has all kinds of mechs!
- This is an unexpected surprise!
Lin Yuan received 20 million points from his master and he was so happy that he was speechless.
The Small Prince earnestly told him off: "Ball, since I accepted you as my apprentice, I don't want to teach a newbie."
Lin Yuan said seriously: "Master, you can rest assured! I will learn well!"
Small Prince sent a smiling expression.
Lin Yuan quickly followed up with an expression of hugs to express his loyalty to his master.
The Small Prince who was embraced was in a good mood and patiently typed: "If you want to be a mech master, you must be familiar with all kinds of mechs, and know where their strengths and weaknesses are. So, no matter what type of mech you encounter in the future, you won't be at a disadvantage. Use the points I gave you to buy all the marine-type mechs first, and practice them several times."
Lin Yuan nodded: "
En en
, I've got it."
(
TN
: I think I'll start to leave some of these onomatopeias in their original Chinese forms, for those of you who read GDC or This Way of Transmigration is Definitely Wrong!, you should recognize this one as the sound of an affirmative grunt.)
Small Prince said: "I will show you the characteristics of various mechs. Come over and look at them..."
The esteemed Master began to patiently teach, while teaching, he would constantly be summoning various mechs to give Lin Yuan a demonstration. Lin Yuan looked seriously, and even later moved closer to see it - this Master is really good, he has obviously carefully passed his experience and knowledge to his apprentice. Such a good master is rarely seen on this game's battle arena.
Lin Yuan's heart was brimming with admiration for this master, and he obediently stuck himself beside his master conscientiously hanging on to his words.
Caesar was very satisfied with Ball listening carefully, his lips couldn't help but raise into a smile.
Just then, a person driving a black bird-type mech suddenly entered the room and automatically joined the auditorium.
Lin Yuan, who was far too enraptured in listening carefully, did not notice this at all. Caesar was giving a demonstration to Lin Yuan, and the room was encrypted. He did not expect anyone to suddenly guess the password and enter the room to stand to the side.
The "uninvited guest" watched for a while in the spectator seats, he who was ignored by the two protagonists finally could not help but send out a line to announce his existence -
Big Prince: "What's going on in here? Teaching in private?"
A line of big characters suddenly appeared on the chat screen of the room. Lin Yuan stared blankly at ahead, his eyes catching sight of the "Big Prince" ID. He inwardly thought that this person was somehow related to his master since he was silent and hasn't spoken.
Sure enough, Small Prince quickly replied: "...how did you get in?"
Big Prince sent a contemptuous expression. "The password is always 1111, never creative, not at all hard to guess."
Small Prince: "......"
Big Prince: "What are you doing this late? Who is this Ball person?"
Small Prince: "...my apprentice."
Big Prince: "Apprentice? You actually have the heart to accept apprentices online?"
If their royal father and mother knew that their two sons secretly registered online under the ID of "Big Prince" and "Small Prince" in the battle arena with a killing rate of 100%, and now that Small Prince actually received an apprentice... they would go absolutely mad!
Unavoidably, the eldest prince would likely continue to expose himself. Caesar immediately talked to him privately: "This Ball is my roommate, don't talk in front of him, ah!"
Xiwei
sent a puzzled expression: "Roommate? What are you doing with your dormitory roommate as an apprentice?"
(
TN
: As I'm pretty sure many of you know, this series has another installment featuring Caesar's elder brother (Runaway Guide). Now I haven't read it, but a quick skimming over revealed that the translator kept his name as Xiwei. Now since Caesar's name was translated into a phonetic English form, I would have done the same for his brother, but for the sake of consitency, I'll be leaving it like this. If anyone wants to know, I was thinking of making it Sylvie.)
Caesar: "......"
Xiwei spoke profoundly: "There are bad intentions, right?"
Caesar was silent for a moment, and said: "...I'm in love with him."
Speaking of it in here, he can't help but feel his face grow hot.
The elder prince is a whole six years older than Caesar. Their royal father was busy with government affairs and their royal mother's body was not good. When Caesar was a child, he had grown up closely stuck to his brother, and although he was a rather violent omega, inside of Caesar's heart, he was still his most respected elder brother.
In front of his elder brother, he had declared that he is in love with a person, Caesar, whose desire had always been somewhat lacking.
Xiwei wondered: "Dormitory roommate? Is it a boy, ah?"
Caesar said: "En, he is a beta."
Xiwei was surprised: "Beta? The royal family tradition has quite strict regulations. The big and influential military households all have pureblooded omega's waiting to be wed to you, and our royal father will definitely not agree to let you marry a beta into the position of a prince's imperial concubine."
Caesar said: "I know."
He paused and said seriously: "I'll do my best to fight for it "
Xiwei was silent for a moment, only to say:" Well, anyway, you are still young, not even graduated from college, our royal father should not be pushing for your marriage just yet, you do not have to worry, these kinds of difficulties can be solved slowly.
Caesar nodded: "En, I understand."
The room had suddenly grown silent. Big Prince and Small Prince seemed to be talking privately? Reading into the atmosphere, Ball continued to earnestly study his own mechs, but in his heart, he was somewhat curious-
What is the relationship between these two people? Their names are so similar, it should it be a close registered friend, right?
Right in the middle of his befuddlement, words began to float in front of his vision by Small Prince: "Ball, let me introduce you to someone, this is my big brother."
- Big brother is called Big Prince, little brother is called the Small Prince, these brothers chose to have very strange names!
Lin Yuan resisted the urge to laugh and politely said, "Hello."
Big Prince said: "En en,
a princess befitting of Small Prince.
"
Lin Yuan: "......??"
Big Prince: "That was a typo, an apprentice befitting of Small Prince."
(
TN
: My terrible attempt at translating some Chinese wordplay into English, basically sister-in-law (specifically one's younger brother's) and apprentice both share the same younger brother character. Princess and apprentice look kind of similar right?)
After finishing this sentence, he directly transferred over 20 million points and smiled and said: "This is for you, nice to meet you."
Lin Yuan: "......"
Looking at the series of zeros behind it, Lin Yuan suddenly looked dizzy.
His master had just given himself 20 million, and now this master's eldest brother just gave out another 20 million. Lin Yuan spent countless hours on the online battle arena to get the points needed to upgrade the humanoid mech that the system provided to the highest level. These two masters are just simply handing out tens of millions of points like air!
Lin Yuan looked at the 20 million points and was very overwhelmed by receiving such favor, he doesn't know how to properly respond. Just then, a string of words from Small Prince appeared: "He gave it to you, just accept it." Those points he has are useless, you should take them to change around the mechs you play."
Since his master said so, Lin Yuan had to thicken his face to accept and say happily: "Thank you, ah!"
Big Prince sent out a smiling face, " Don't mention it."
Inside his heart, he is thinking: This Ball is a really nice catch, ah. Caesar, you are certainly going to want such a good catch as the prince's imperial concubine......
After receiving the points, Lin Yuan immediately opened up the mech store, 40 million points can buy all kinds of mechs. Looking at all of the various kinds of mechs that suddenly pop from the window, Lin Yuan excitedly moves to jump up from his bed.
As a result, because of too much excitement, Lin Yuan accidentally smashed his helmet......
So...
The other two people in the room only saw that Lil' Ball had suddenly disappeared right in front of them.
The Big Prince wondered: "Ball, huh? Did he up and leave?"
Caesar explained calmly: "He was probably too excited and dropped it."
Sure enough, after a few seconds, Lin Yuan put on his helmet and reconnected online to Room 11, he bashfully types out the words to say: "Master, I just accidentally dropped it..."
Caesar couldn't help but lift his lips up into a smile. This guy really was too excited and ripped off the helmet that connected him to the network, he really wants to go in the bedroom next door and give his head a good rubbing.
Big Prince also smiled and said: "Well, you two can continue, I'll go find someone to play a few games, someone who I haven't played with for a long time."
Caesar said: " Wouldn't it be better for us to play a few games and let Ball watch? "
Xiwei thought his brother probably would like to take the opportunity to let his sweetheart who loved to learn some skills to watch them battle. He straightforwardly agreed and he moved down, he readily piloted down his mech, a black bird, to meet up with Caesar's mech, a white bird.
Lin Yuan entered the spectator stands and excitedly began to watch the battle between the two masters.
This match can surely be said to be wonderful, and it is much better than the battle videos between many masters on the Internet!
The two also piloted flying mechs, the black and white bird fluttered in the air, and every attack and dodge was done just right. The two have stayed evenly matched, even as they had been playing for 20 minutes. Both sides were still at a toss up, but within the short period of 20 minutes, a lot of techniques were used and each was amazingly accurate with no margin of even the slightest error in judgment or control of the situation. Already, Lin Yuan has felt the need to prostrate himself at their feet in admiration!
In just 20 minutes, Lin Yuan saw no more than fifty difficult level-three movements, and the conversion between the difficult movements was also very smooth and seamless. It was a gift from the heavens to watch these masters playing the mechs!
While Lin Yuan was spectating, in his heart he can't help but simultaneously immerse himself in his thoughts. How should those movements be connected? While looking at one side and pondering, one match after another, Lin Yuan felt the mist covering his eyes was lifted to reveal a vast clearing, and an entourage of ideas came pouring out.
The two brothers played six games in a row, and after more than an hour, and the final result was three wins and three losses.
Seeing that it was getting late, Caesar proposed: "I think we've had enough for today, brother, you should go to bed early, or father will have words to say to you."
Xiwei said: "Alright, then I will sleep first, then next time I'm free I'll come to play with you guys again." Big Prince withdrew his mech and went to Lin Yuan and waved his hand. "Goodbye Ball."
Lin Yuan hurriedly said, "En, goodbye!"
The other party quickly went offline and once more, the room was filled with only the pair of master and disciple.
It was too late to continue playing today. Time really flew by quickly, he would have to be up at 7:00 a.m. for military training. Lin Yuan had to go to bed, but for some reason when he said goodbye to Master, he felt a bit reluctant.
Lin Yuan pushed past his embarrassment to ask: "Master, can you come tomorrow night?"
Small Prince said: "What's wrong?"
Lin Yuan said: "I haven't used a lot of these mechs I just bought. Compared to me, you're much more proficient in this area, whenever you have free time, you can teach me a bit. "
Small Prince said:" No problem, I can be online tomorrow night. "
Lin Yuan excitedly said: "Great, tomorrow night I'll set up a room and wait in there for you! "
After he was done speaking he also sent out a hugging expression to express his gratitude to his master.
Caesar looked at the adorable Ball in front of him and stretched his arms to make a hugging motion. He couldn't help but raise his lips slightly.
He can even imagine the Lin Yuan of that moment, whose excitement makes his pair of eyes shine brightly.
Obviously, Lin Yuan truly likes operating mech. Even playing so late, he is surprisingly not tired at all. Even after parting, he still wants to continue on tomorrow... Using this kind of mentoring between master and disciple to exchange battle tactics and slowly improve his level. It really is proper, right?
Even if it is just to please him, just to casually buy an ordinary mech online and give it to him without a second thought, isn't there is no need for it to be troublesome? But Caesar doesn't want to stop there. As Marshal had said, Lin Yuan must have a skillful level to become the master of Vermillion Bird. What Caesar truly wants to see is that Lin Yuan has become a genuine mech operation master with the addition of his own help.
Only in this way could Lin Yuan be qualified to have the empire's top-level S-class mech, Vermillion Bird, his ability will most certainly not fail to live up to Vermillion Bird's approval of him. Later on, with a top-notch intelligent mech such as Vermillion Bird accompanying him and protecting him, Caesar will naturally feel a lot more at ease.
The next day's military training soon ended and Lin Yuan's anticipation of playing against the mysterious master in the evening hastily grew stronger and stronger.
After finishing the training, Lin Yuan went to the dining hall for dinner as fast as he could. He returned to the dormitory and changed out of his sweaty military uniform. After a quick shower, he urged Caesar to rush to the training room.
The mysterious master driving a black mech was patiently waiting in the same place as previously agreed.
Lin Yuan smiled and said politely greeted him before he bluntly began to challenge him.
He learned from yesterday's lessons. Today, Lin Yuan is not in a hurry to make the first move. Instead, he puts on a defensive posture and concentrates on the screen in front of him. He wants to wait for the opponent to attack and then find a way to seize the other's loopholes and counterattack.
Seeing Lin Yuan's intention to fight defensively, Rosen also launched an offensive directly.
The black mech's attack was fierce and powerful, and the speed was as fast as lightning. It was as glorious as a rainbow. Lin Yuan had no time to parry, and he was subsequently beaten and lost. He even lost five times in the first match!
However, Lin Yuan is not discouraged, he carefully observes and records each of his opponent's actions, using the interval between each battle to continuously analyze in his head.
Finally, when the other side suddenly took out the weapon and swung it towards himself, Lin Yuan picked up his shield and accurately blocked the opponent's blade!
After battling against the mysterious master for so long, Lin Yuan for the first time successfully blocked the opponent's assault!
Rosen's movement paused a little, and he couldn't help but feel a little gratified. The young boy's action was what he used yesterday. He didn't expect him to learn so quickly, the child's learning ability and comprehension was really strong.
Rosen was interested in teaching him so he deliberately slowed down his movements every time he attacked.
Lin Yuan immediately reacted and carefully studied and analyzed.
One night's time passed quickly in a round of delightful matches. When it was eleven o'clock, the other party said that it was too late. Lin Yuan reluctantly walked out of the cockpit and said with a smile: "Senior, Are you free tonight? I invite you to eat a quick late-night snack!"
Lin Yuan believed that Caesar said "this mysterious master is a third-year senior with a high level of mech operation" and naturally called out the term "senior".
Caesar's forehead can't help but drop a cold sweat.
The only person in the whole empire who dared to smile and call the Marshal "Senior", would only be Lin Yuan.
......strangely enough, the Marshal seems to be not angry at all?
It was true, Rosen is not angry at all. Listening to Lin Yuan repeatedly asking to eat midnight snacks, this "you help me, I will invite you to eat" with an earnest expression, ends up looking in Rosen's eyes to be very cute.
Rosen slightly smiled and whispered: "No need, you can go enter the national finals, that would be the best reward for me."
Lin Yuan suddenly felt a bit of pressure, "National finals? Is my level okay? I've learned nothing more than just enough mech operation to meet the military's open exam requirements, and I'm not very familiar with a lot of mechs"
Rosen said:" Don't mind that, you have twenty days worth of time, train well, alright?"
Seeing that the expression on the boy's face was a bit panicked. Rosen couldn't help but send over his encouragement: "Trust yourself, you can do it."Lin Yuan looked up and smiled: "Well then, I'll give it my best shot!"
Rosen asked Black Dragon to put a copy of his electronic notes that it had already prepared and handed them to Lin Yuan. "These notes were recorded back in the years when I was studying the mechs. I'm giving it to you for reference. The password is 0707."
Lin Yuan took the electronic notebook from the black mech. After inputting the password, the palm-sized electronic screen really switched on.
The notes recorded in the electronic notebook were like a whole book and generally neatly done. The key points that need to be paid attention to are also marked and annotated properly with red, so the electronic notes recorded by themselves are definitely more precious than those books on the theory of mech operation by severalfold!
Lin Yuan gingerly held the electronic notes in his hands and was genuinely touched: "These notes are written very nicely. Thank you!"
"...these will be very useful." Facing the young boy's sincere gaze, Rosen's heart went soft, he couldn't help but make his tone a lot more gentle. "I still have a lot of things I need to do. I can't practice with you every day. You should step up your training this month. If you end up entering the top ten people representing the school to participate in the national finals, then at that moment, come to the capital of the constellation Cepheus. I'll take you out to eat."
Lin Yuan was shocked for a moment, "Capital Star...?"
The Empire's capital,
Sheffield Star
, is located in the center of the constellation Cepheus. Lin Yuan has never once been there.
(
TN
: 斯菲尔德, nothing I could find for this made sense so I ended up taking the name of a newspaper that sounded pretty similar lol. Pinyin roughly looked like Si Fei Er De.)
This master obviously said that he would invite him to dinner in the capital star. He must be motivating him to practice and get the top ten.
Lin Yuan immediately nodded: "Alright, I must step up my practice during this time!"
Looking at the confidence of the youth, Rosen couldn't help but smile: "I hope to see you again in the capital star."
Lin Yuan smiled and said: "I hope so too!"
Rosen paused, and said, "Caesar, I have some things to go take care of, the next training will be handed over to you."
Caesar: "......"
Caesar felt an even larger pressure.
Can Marshal's sentence be regarded as a military order? If Lin Yuan is not able to get the top ten, wouldn't that mean that he did not faithfully complete the task of the Marshal? Thinking of the gaze of the Marshal's cold eyes, Caesar felt the scalp go numb.
Fortunately, Lin Yuan is very talented. The Marshal personally guided him these two days. Before leaving, he also presented a precious electronic notebook written by himself, plus his own online teaching with Ball every night... just one month, raising his level and entering the top ten in the school should not be a problem, right?
Caesar looked back at Lin Yuan and found that Lin Yuan had a look of joy and excitement as if he could win the top ten tomorrow.
Lin Yuan is obviously very confident,
......I should have confidence in the ability of this little monster, isn't that right?
Thinking of this, Caesar looked up and looked at the direction of the Black Dragon's cockpit. His eyes shone brightly as he firmly said: "I know, rest assured, I will take him to the capital star to see you!"
Rosen nodded with satisfaction and left the training room.
Until the figure of the black mech disappeared around the corner, Lin Yuan asked questioningly: "Caesar, is that mysterious master really a third-year senior? Why doesn't he want to officially meet me? I want to have a meal, and a proper chat, but he doesn't seem to want to meet me face-to-face."
Caesar: "......"
Because once he shows up, you'll be scared.
Because he is the Marshal and is an idol in the minds of many imperial people. When you meet each other, you will never smile and invite him to a meal. Instead, you will seriously stand upright at attention and give him a military salute.
Since the Marshal asked for confidentiality, Caesar did not disclose his identity.
Seeing Lin Yuan's curious look, Caesar couldn't help but smile and say: "He doesn't want to let you know who he is, for the time being, you should think that he is on a whim to pass down his teachings to the new generation. Doesn't it all play out like that in TV shows? The protagonist always has to receive the guidance of several mysterious and able masters, and then their level can advance by leaps and bounds."
Lin Yuan silently said, "I never watched those kinds of TV shows."
Caesar: "......"
Lin Yuan looked back at Caesar and wondered: "Are you and Brian very fond of watching those kinds of TV shows?"
Caesar: "......"
He never so much as looked at those kinds of childish
dog blood
TV dramas. Without thinking, he had just thought back to the plot of a drama that Brian was very fond of, he listened to Brian's blathering enough times to memorize it. This is all Brian's fault...
(
TN
: Melodramatic.)
Brian, who had just received a large number of mech parts from his father at the StarCraft Center, suddenly loudly sneezed.
"Ah, Achoo!" Brian touched his nose in confusion. "Who is cursing me?"
(
TN
: Author wanted to let you know that chapter 40 will be a real nice treat *wink wink)
Chapter 037: The Night
Snow
(
TN:
This isn't referring to Snow himself, Snow's name is pronounced like Snow while this character is the actual character for Snow.)
That mysterious master had not appeared once ever since his last visit where he left. Lin Yuan liked that master very much. He really wants to see him again, but that person had said, "Recently, I have been very busy with some matters, when you come to the Capital Star, we can have a meal together." Lin Yuan just had to hope that he would be able to enter the top ten to represent the military school and go to the Capital Star to participate in the National Mech Competition.
For the following 20 and some days, Lin Yuan's training became more and more serious and demanding.
After dinner every night, Lin Yuan went to the training room for his daily training with Caesar. After the training, he returned to his bedroom. Lin Yuan habitually logged into the holographic network and played a few games with his master, Small Prince.
The days that pass are both meaningful and merry
Soon enough, Lin Yuan grew familiar with the characteristics of all kinds of mechs under the guidance of Small Prince. Such high-intensity and professional training also made Lin Yuan's operation of mech level rise exponentially in no time at all. At first, the mech operation method he had trained under was only to deal with the military's public admission examination, but now he could easily be considered a professional mech operation master.
Now, he can even draw a tie when he is playing against Small Prince.
Big Prince, Xiwei, appeared on the sidelines a few times while both master and apprentice were practicing in online battle, privately, he asked Caesar: "This Ball is very talented, very perceptive, and has made rapid progress, is he really a beta?"
The person he was in love with was praised by his respected elder brother, this made Caesar feel very good.
Caesar proudly said: "Yes that's right, he is an extremely excellent beta. In the upcoming competition, he is sure to enter the top ten." Caesar paused. "When that time comes, I will go to Cepheus with him to participate in the national finals and introduce him to you?"
Xiwei was very interested in the young beta who his younger brother had taken a fancy to. He smiled and nodded his head as he said: "Alright ah, at that time, you can take along Ball and let us meet. I want to see him, If he can completely captivate you and throw your mind into a frenzy, I want to know what kind of person that small beta is!"
Caesar smiled and said, "I won't let you down."
As the hot topic and the center of their conversation, Ball was still operating mech, unable to extricate his mind from it.
***
A month passed by in the blink of an eye, Caesar was busy with Lin Yuan's training, and Brian was busy renovating Vermillion Bird.
After his afternoon military training, Brian takes Little Blue to the hidden valley and modifies Vermillion Bird according to his previously designed scheme. Because he got the original design of Vermillion Bird directly from his father's hand and Brian loved to disassemble all kinds of mechs from an early age, the process of modifying Vermillion Bird was going very smoothly.
By the end of the month, when the military training was about to end, the weapon equipment and internal neural network of Vermillion Bird had been completely dismantled and stored in the storage warehouse of White Feather.
Vermillion Bird's size has shrunk to one-tenth of the original size. The appearance looks completely like that of the C-class mech. Inside, even the console is that of a C-class mech. Even if the people of the Mech Association check it, they would be unable to find any flaws.
- With this turn of events, Vermillion Bird can be said to have completely gained a new life.
What is even more fortuitous is that its smart center and core structure have not been harmed in the slightest. The benefits of Brian's design can be clearly seen here. Now, it is only temporarily downgraded, if Vermillion Bird wants to rise back up to the S-level, it would just have to have the parts it has now removed and have the old parts loaded back on.
While remodeling Vermillion Bird, Brian used his free time to create a new mech for Snow.
Because Caesar's White Feather is pure white, Brian dyed Snow's mech in light silver color for the sake of distinction. The silver body when it is illuminated shines a sparkling bright white light. While under the light, it showed that it held a lot of beauty.
As for the name...
He is distressed whenever he tries thinking of a good name.
Shortly thereafter, White Feather with its incessant chatter, the completely relegated Vermillion Bird, and the newly-made mech was put back inside their respective space buttons. Brian sat perfectly satisfied riding in Little Blue towards the school.
On the way back, Brian couldn't help but ask: "Little Blue, this mech that I just finished, what do you think about it?"
Immediately after the mech was finished, Little Blue scanned its little brother thoroughly from head to toe, this newly made mech is very different from Brian's previous work. Its volume is small and exquisite while being fairly lightweight and its height is fairly comparable to that of a human. Furthermore, its silver metal armor shines beautifully when illuminated.
Little Blue honestly commented: "Master, it looks very nice."
"I know, it looks very nice." Brian said pridefully: "There's nothing ugly about the mech I made. It's just the name of this mech. I still haven't decided yet. What do you think is better to call it?"
- This incompetent master finally thought of asking for foreign aid to help.
- But don't tell me that you don't think that letting one mech choose the name of another mech is a bit too difficult of a task?
Even so, since the master had asked, Little Blue was very dutiful and responsibly searched for some suitable nouns for the mech in its vast vocabulary library, and then listed them all on the screen and responded seriously: "Master, please kindly refer to these names."
Brian looked at the list of the thousands of mechs names displayed in front of him and was dumbfounded.
Hundun? Shen Gui? Pili? Qiqi?
(
TN
: Some background information on the names and why they're absolutely horrendous lol.
Hundun
means Chaos, but it is also used for referring to a formless mass in Chinese mythology that existed before creation. Not a very flattering name.
Shen Gui
refers to a Tortoise God (from what I know they're usually pretty revered for their longevity), but a lot of results for Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles popped up too.
Pili
seems to be from some puppet show in Asia. It directly translates to something like Thunderbolt which I can't really glean a lot of information on.
Qiqi
is the Chinese name of Chip from the Disney classic, Chip 'n' Dale, which if you don't know what it is (Neither did I tbh) it is basically about anthropomorphic chipmunk brothers. The Chinese characters themselves just mean strange or weird however which really doesn't help.)
These are all chaotically random, ah! Not one of these from Little Blue sounds good!
Brian bowed his head and meditated for a moment, then smiled and touched his chin and said, "Let it be chosen by Snow... the mech given to him is better off being named by himself, lest I choose a name he doesn't like. "
Little Blue agreed and said:" That's right, Master. If you choose its name, his master would certainly not like it."
Brian:" ...... "
***
By the time Brian got back to school, it was already 11:00 p.m., At the moment, Snow was currently still experimenting in the lab.
These days, after being in the library repeatedly reading through the available documents and data, Snow finally thought of a new formula for his medicine, he replaced some of the banned drug components in the inhibitor with conventional drugs and can temporarily replace the inhibitor effect after synthesis.
Snow made use of the instruments in the independent laboratory that Shirley-
xuejie
applied for to make these new inhibitors. Today, it is just the last step. Watching the new inhibitors finally finish, Snow finally breathed a sigh of relief.
(
TN
: There is not a good English counterpart for a female senior schoolmate.)
The transparent injection fluid was covertly taken and placed into his pocket, and Snow turned around to depart from the lab.
When he came out of the lab, he saw Brian walking to the side of the path.
Brian's perception is extremely good and Snow hadn't had time to hide. His vision immediately locked onto the target, his eyes shone brightly as he smiled and said: "Snow, how come you're here?"
"......" Snow had to take a few slow breaths and he calmly said: "I just went to the lab to do an experiment."
Brian did not doubt why a first-year student would be doing an experiment. The so-called different trades, worlds apart. He didn't have an inkling how the medical division handled things. He also just assumed that Snow was doing scientific research with his classmates.
Brian took the initiative to hold Snow's hand and asked: "Are you hungry? Do you want to eat a quick nighttime snack?"
This whipped guy is taking the initiative to hold hands and intimately clasp all ten fingers...
Snow's heart felt a bit strange, however, his face stayed perfectly frozen. He faintly whispered: "En, by chance I'm a bit hungry."
Brian, who gained Snow's agreement, immediately clenched his hand with excitement and his voice became gentle. "Let's go, the dining hall is still open. I heard that the third floor is very good, I'd like to eat with you."
Brian took Snow's hand and walked in the direction of the dining hall. When he walked to the door, he saw two familiar figures - Lin Yuan and Caesar, who had just completed his mech training.
When Brian saw them, they took the initiative to say hello: "Hey, what a coincidence, did you guys also come to eat late at night?"
Caesar nodded. "En, we just finished up with some mech training. When you're hungry just do as one pleases and eat as you wish."
Lin Yuan standing next to Caesar, curiously glanced at the hands that Snow and Brian were holding together. Snow's ears were red, and immediately shook off Brian's hand and walked up to Lin Yuan and said, "That competition is in two days isn't it? How is your training going?"
Lin Yuan smiled and scratched his head and said: "I feel that I can do it, the mech operation aspect is getting easier. I just don't know how strong the other contestants will be, I hope I can enter the finals."
Snow said seriously: "I think you can have a little confidence in yourself."
Lin Yuan laughed and said: "En, I will try my best."
As the two people spoke, they naturally walked side by side into the dining hall together.
Brian: "......"
Caesar: "......"
Once again, the two alpha
bum beetles
who were forgotten behind them had no choice but to begrudgingly look at each other and turned to catch up with Snow and Lin Yuan's footsteps.
(
TN:
Shadows, lurkers, or just a general term for people who get left behind in the dust.)
***
One month of military training officially ended yesterday. The school specially gave the entirety of the military students two days off to rest and revise in preparation for the following benchmark assessment as well as the military mech competition.
Since the whole student body received a holiday at the same time, there is an unusual insurgence of people who go to the dining hall to eat late at night. They gathered together in twos and threes. Many of people there are dormitory roommates grouped together for a communal meal. There are also many first-year students who invite the male and female senior students out to eat in order conveniently inquire about the content in the military drills and exams.
The cafeteria on the third floor is just like a festival, it's very lively.
Lin Yuan and Snow had just walked up to the third floor. Brian immediately walked over and looked for a good position by one of the windows. He slid out a stool and let Snow sit down on it, he smiled and said, "You guys take a seat, I will get some food to eat. "
Lin Yuan very bluntly:" I can get it myself, I'm sure you'll take things I don't like to eat. "
Brian:" ...... "
Lin Yuan took a plate and excitedly ran, Caesar naturally followed Lin Yuan away, Brian without a better option looked expectantly towards Snow.
Snow glanced at him and said faintly: "Help me get a glutinous rice cake and a bowl of rice porridge. I am not very hungry. I won't be able to sleep well if I eat too much at night."
Brian immediately smiled and nodded. "Alright, I know!"
Brian turned and walked away, with a joyous expression to help Snow get his late-night snack, Snow even thought that if this whipped guy had a tail, it would certainly already be wagging.
Snow's heart couldn't help but feel a little funny...
But inexplicably, it seems that there is actually such a sincere person who is truly good to himself, that seems to be right?
Brian quickly brought back the plated food, two glutinous rice cakes, two bowls of rice porridge, the exact same "Couple Package."
Snow felt somewhat helpless when he made contact with Brian's "seeking praise" eyes. He took the plate in his hand and said, "Thank you."
Brian sat next to Snow, he smiled as he said, "Do you really like glutinous rice cake? I will eat it too, and I will find the opportunity to hand make one for you in the future."
Snow: "......en."
Ignoring the inexplicable burst of warmth that suddenly explodes in his hearty, Snow puts all of his attention on the food in front of him.
Is Brian personally making a glutinous rice cake with his own hands? Somehow, the thought unexpectedly makes him look forward to it
Lin Yuan and Caesar soon came back. Lin Yuan's plate was an especially magnificent sight. Various kinds of pastries were all taken by him. The presence of every single kind of pastry all at once gives out an intimidating demeanor.
Brian looked at his closely packed plate of food amassed into mountainous pile and was shocked: "Are you done getting food?"
Lin Yuan said with a smile: "I'm done getting food, I practiced all day today, I am starving to death."
After that, he no longer paid Brian any mind, stuffing his face into the mountain of food, his mouth was constantly flying open and close, he resembled a starving and spoiled little animal as he ate each pastry piece after piece. All of the food piled up onto the plate was rapidly devoured by him in half an hour.
Brian: "......"
Has he had not eaten well for several days?
Caesar is very calm, apparently accustomed to seeing such a scene, unexpectedly, Caesar's eyes while watching Lin Yuan eat were very soft and tender, occasionally he would pick from his own plate to give him the food he likes...... not afraid to support this guy's wild eating habits!
As today's facts have proved, Lin Yuan is simply an eating champion. He never fully understood the concept of "eating until you burst" until now. He had eaten so many things, yet it didn't change his face. On the way back to the dormitory, he still 100% energetically discussed the mech competition taking place in two days time with Caesar.
Brian really admired this and wished to prostrate himself at his feet.
***
When the four returned to the dormitory, it was almost twelve o'clock, but the next day was a holiday, so everyone was not in a rush to sleep and returned to their bedroom to busy themselves around.
Brian knocked on the door to Caesar's bedroom and handed back a red and white space button to him.
White Feather that finally returned to it's master's hand immediately screamed excitedly: "Master Master! The modification of Predecessor Vermillion Bird has been completed. It has now become C-class. The parts that have been removed from its original body are all in my storage space, I will keep those parts of its body safe!"
Caesar: "......"
White Feather continued to prattle on: "Also! Also!
BriBri
made a new mech, the silver model is truly beautiful! "
(
TN
: White feather said the first character of Brian's name twice (BuBu) as a cutesy nickname.)
White Feather finished all the words that Brian had wanted to say. It had saved Brian the trouble. He turned back to Caesar. "As White Feather said, Vermillion Bird has adapted to its new form and was put in your space button." If you get ahold of the top three prizes and then drop in the Vermillion Bird, the Mech Association should not question it, even if they create an investigation, they won't be able to find a problem."
Caesar nodded and patted Brian's shoulder. "You've worked hard."
Brian waved his hand: "You're welcome."
Caesar paused and asked: "White Feather said that you made a new mech?" Is it going to be given to Snow?"
Brian was a little embarrassed. "Well... do you think he would like it?"
Caesar thought about it: "If you made it yourself, then he should like it."
Brian smiled. "I also think he will like it too!"
***
As Snow entered the bedroom, he turned and locked the door. He then took out the new type of inhibitor injection from his pocket and pulled a 5 ml disposable syringe out of the drawer. The inhibitor was injected into the cyan veins on the back of his hand.
The familiar pain of the needle piercing the skin caused Snow to frown slightly, the drug was quickly injected. Snow dropped the syringe and carefully locked the remaining inhibitors in his drawer.
The formula of this batch of inhibitors had changed multiple ingredients, he doesn't know for sure how well it will work. He hopes to achieve the expected results. If this test batch is successful, it only needs to be injected every three months, which is simple and convenient.
Snow gently exhaled, just as he was going to take a shower, he heard a knock on the door.
When he got up and opened the door, he saw Brian who was standing just outside the door, Snow asked in confusion: "Do you need something?"
Brian smiled and said, "Can I come in?"
Snow was silent for a moment and opened the door and he came in.
Brian took out a necklace from his pocket, there was a rhombus-shaped pendant dangling from the silver necklace.
Snow asked: "What is this?"
Brian had a cautious facial expression as he carefully lifted Snow's hand and gently placed the necklace in the palm of his hand and whispered: "This is a space button with a mech inside. I made it myself, this is a present for you......"
Snow: "......"
Brian nervously spoke: "We have been together happily for a month and I have never sent you a gift. I don't know what you like and I can only make mechs. With that in mind, I specially designed a healer-type mech for you."
"......" Snow was silent for a while before he calmly asked: "Can you call it out for me to see?"
Brian immediately nodded: "No problem!"
Brian quickly pulled the silver mech out of the space button.
Snow looked straight ahead at the lithe mech that was just a little bit shorter than him by a few centimeters. The flowing smooth body contours made it look like a slender human. The silvery metals luster had a faint glow under the light. The face was another level deeper, there were the eyes, eyebrows, and mouth on its face. The eyes especially shone gently like two lanterns.
The design of the entire mech is very delicate, it obviously took a lot of thought.
Snow's heart suddenly welled up with warmth.
Is this his...... special mech tailored specifically for himself?
The height and shape of this mech look really pleasing to the eye, it was standing by his side like a thoughtful assistant.
For as long as he could remember, he had never received any gifts. So especially at this moment, receiving such a valuable gift, Snow did not know what to do.
He did not expect that the alpha he had chosen would be so loving to himself.
Snow's mood was a bit complicated. After a long time, he asked softly: "What is its name?"
Brian, who was titled incompetent, embarrassedly scratched at his golden hair in tufts, he smiled as he said: "As for the name of the mech, I hadn't decided it yet. From now on you will be its master, wouldn't it be better to let you name it?"
Snow thought about it and said, "I just so happened to be born on a night during a lot of snow very late into the night. My father named me
Snow
. It should also be related to snow. This mech should be called
Night Snow
, meaning 'the snow in the night', can that work?"
(
TN
:夜
雪
= Ye Xue = Night
Snow
/斯诺= Si Nuo = Snow)
Brian immediately nodded: "Yes! It can! It great that you like it!"
- Compared to the name of Little Red and Little Blue, Night Snow is much more firm and pleasant to hear, Snow is far more talented than I am in the naming department.
Brian enthusiastically launched the mechs intelligent system and greeted Snow. "Come take a look at it."
The indicator light of the mech installed in its eye quickly lit up, Snow walked in front of it and softly asked: "Your name is Night Snow, alright? I am Snow, I will be your master in the future."
The mechs resetting system had finished and it made a nod towards the Snow, saying in a cold and faint voice: "Alright, Master."
He doesn't know how Brian designed the audio system. The cool tone of this smart mech is very similar to that of its master, Snow. It is truly tailor-made.
Snow couldn't help but suddenly smile. He reached out and touched its head and said gently. "Very well behaved."
"......"
Brian looked directly at it.
It was his first time seeing such a relaxed smile on Snow's face. It was like the snow in the winter suddenly melted. Snow's smile was really...... so, so beautiful......
When there was suddenly no reaction behind him. Snow turned back and saw Brian standing there in a daze.
Snow walked up to him and whispered, "Brian."
Brian came back to his senses, "......ah?"
Snow said, "Thank you."
Then, Snow gently picked up his feet and took the initiative and planted a quick kiss on Brian's lips
Brian: "....................."
The soft touch on his lips was gone almost as quickly as it appeared.
Brian, whose brain experienced a massive shutdown after being kissed, suddenly froze in place and became a statue.
Snow looked at the whipped guy currently in a daze and was embarrassed about the action he had just done. He quickly turned and said, "I am going to take a shower. Go back first. Go to bed early, good night."
It wasn't until Snow's figure disappeared in front of him that Brian had come back from the heavens and he still touched his lips. It was Snow's fresh, cold smell that seemed to remain on his lips...
Listening to the sound of the water in the bathroom, Brian's heart felt a burst of uncontrolled desire well up.
The eyes of Night Snow flickered for a while, seeing Brian still staying in the same place and refusing to go, it finally began to get around to enforcing it's master's orders. It began to speak with a cold and faint voice: "Master asked you to go back first, sleep early, good night."
The high-intelligence mech had made a judgment on Snow's order, but the person in front of it apparently did not follow this order. The mech automatically executed the master's task and wanted Brian to "go back."
Brian was angry and said: "Hey, you are the mech I made, are you going to chase me out?"
Night Snow said faintly: "My master is Snow."
Brian: "......"
Night Snow said: "Go back, good night."
Brian: "......"
So then, that evening, Brian was shoved out of the door by his own mech.
The author has something to say: BriBri was kissed by Snow for a fool, hahahaha, light some candles!
Before opening a new copy of the data sheet copy, you must first get out the
SnoSno's
mech, the name of the Night Snow orz... I think it is at least a little more creative than Little Snow.
(
TN
: Author referred to Snow by repeating his last character in his name twice. (NuoNuo))
Ps: I have never slept before 2 o'clock since I created this story. It is really my limit to update 6k words every day. Don't call again, my eight hands are too busy to answer. I really can't do it... qaq Rich Chinese
Chapter 038: The Mech Contest
(
TN
: This one was a bit longer than what I was used to and a complete headache to translate, idioms and battle scenes really suck the life out of me lol, but I will try to keep updating around every three days.)
St. Romia Military Academy's 18th mech competition finally began to spark to life, the school-wide mech contest officially began on the weekend after two days.
This upcoming competition coincidently coincides with the celebration of the 600th Anniversary of the Empire. As long as one is among the top ten students of the whole school, they can participate in the national finals to represent the school to go to the constellation of Cepheus, it is even possible to participate in the mech exhibition in the ceremonial military parade and personally see His Majesty, Trent.
In addition, all students who have obtained the qualifications to enter the national finals have the privilege of receiving a"C-class mech piloting qualification certificate exemption". The top three players who won the national competition will also be awarded a mech worth more than 500,000 coins!
All of the aforementioned enticing conditions have made this year's mech competition so popular that the number of participants has skyrocketed in participation compared to previous years historical recordings. The number of students who signed up for the competition actually exceeded one thousand!
It is naturally impossible for thousands of contestants to be graded in a group competition or in a round-robin tournament. The school authorities have directly decided upon a
preselection
on the morning of the first day of the competition. All the contestants are numbered in succession, they are then piloted to school to provides C-class mech training inside of a training room to pass through difficult tasks, the players who can't pass are directly eliminated!
(TN: This is called a sea election that seems to be specifically used in China, I can't really find more information on it more than its a form of public nomination by the masses.)
Throughout the morning, the preselection immediately wiped out more than half of the people, and in the afternoon there were only 200 people left.
The 200 people are then divided into 20 groups to advance to the preliminary round. Each group has 10 players playing for points. The first match is limited to 15 minutes, winning was 1 point, losing meant a 1 point deduction, and a tie would mean no points exchanged. The remaining 4 people would then qualify for the next round of the competition.
*
The first day of the competition was as spectacular and swift as sand being swept away through the vast miles of the ocean.
(
TN
: Can you pinpoint the letter where my brain died? This was my best-educated guess. If anyone else wants to try and have a crack at it then- 第一天的比赛简直像是海里淘沙一样壮观又迅速.)
More than a thousand players started in the morning, and after the morning preselection and the afternoon preliminary games, there were only 80 people left.
The level of these 80 people are naturally of a skillful level. The small-time amateurs have long since been cleanly washed out. More than 60 of the 80 people are students whose main field of study is the mech control department. The remaining 20 are evenly divided from the command department or the engineering department.
- Lin Yuan and Caesar are naturally among the 80 people.
The tasks presented in the preselection were successfully passed, it was all a piece of cake for Lin Yuan. He practices these tasks with Caesar every day. He knows the various scenario scenes in the simulation training room by heart and he immediately receives full marks.
There were no particularly strong opponents in his group that were divided for the preliminary round. Thus, Lin Yuan was the only one in his group to win all nine of his matches with a complete victory and advance into the next round.
The 80 people who entered the semi-final round were re-divided into 8 groups, the first half was separated into groups A1-A4 and the second half was split off into groups B1-B4, each group had 10 people. The previous point system and competition based matches stayed the same and the top 4 players would be able to advance to the next round and then move further on to find the strongest out of the 32 schools.
Afterward, when Lin Yuan had taken a look at the group listing, he unexpectantly found Baker's name on the list of names. He didn't expect this guy to be able to enter the quarter-finals. Apparently, Baker had also found out, and also specially sent a message saying: "Boss, in tomorrow mornings semi-final, we are in the same group!"
Lin Yuan smiled and replied: "En, I saw in the arena, I will be polite."
Thinking back to when Lin Yuan had slammed down an alpha in 3 seconds, Baker was suddenly trembling in fear- not being polite? Does he mean to slam me down in three seconds, ah?
***
The next day during the semi-finals, Lin Yuan was really not polite.
The semi-final is still integrated at the school and provides mechs. The competition is carried out in a dedicated training room and the mechs are all in the C-class range. The mech type can be chosen by the students. Lin Yuan chooses the humanoid mech according to his usual preference. This type is the most familiar to him and it is also what he is best at playing.
Lin Yuan's code number is No. 77, which is divided into the A1 group. His first match is directly against Baker who is No. 198.
Baker chose a black bird type and the two men greeted each other and started the match under the direction of the referee.
As soon as the timing card lit up, Baker's mech took off immediately!
He had originally wanted to go around Lin Yuan's body and then afterward commit a sneak attack. However, with Lin Yuan recalling the battles between Big Prince and Small Prince in the past few days, he has long since become deeply familiar with the characteristics of various types of flying mechs. Inwardly, he had already been quickly thinking through the direction and route of its take-off. After configuring its direction and route, Lin Yuan unceremoniously opened the ion cannon directly in his arm, before aiming - and then firing!
With a resounding bang, Baker's No. 198 mech wings were quickly blown to pieces...
Baker: "......"
Lin Yuan: "......"
Not only did Baker's soul not return back, but Lin Yuan did not react at all.
It was easy to win in the preliminary round yesterday. He thought it was because the level of the preliminary round was too low. But today, when he arrived in the semi-finals, why did he win in less than a minute?
After ten seconds of being killed, Baker's admiration for the squad leader once again grew a level.
As soon as Lin Yuan exited the cockpit, Baker immediately walked over in front of Lin Yuan to give him a thumbs-up: "Squad leader, you're truly too amazing! With your level, you can certainly advance to the finals, ah! Come on, represent our beta and bring us honor, ah!"
Lin Yuan smiled at him feeling somewhat embarrassed and then started the next match.
What makes Lin Yuan even more surprised is that in the next few matches, in almost all of them the battles were resolved within ten minutes. The angle of his shot is incomparably precise, he almost never misses his target. Whether it be catching loopholes, counterattacks, sudden assaults, or sneak attacks, each time he is able to succeed.
Lin Yuan won nine matches in a row and finally aroused some interest from the groups of opponents.
——No. 77, the first-year student from mech command department who likes to use humanoid mechs is actually a beta?
- That beta is too fierce, I still have not fully reacted to how I lost!
——Everyone in this competition, when you face No. 77 in a match, one must, by all means, be careful, that beta is super-ferocious!
Lin Yuan is the name of the beta monster that spread all throughout the school in a single day.
In the afternoon of the same day, there was such a post on the forum inside the school -
"Who said that betas are not sharp, take a look at our command department, our squad leader is the sharpest!"
This provocative and hostile post is undoubtedly a
pig teammate
- a classmate like Baker is an expert at inciting hostility.
(
TN
: I've seen this in other novels, but from what I remember it's just a videogame terminology for a teammate who ends up working against the team. So while Baker is their classmate, his post is going to have a negative impact.)
Baker excitedly wrote of Lin Yuan's victorious and brilliant record of today's first round in the preliminary and semi-final matches in the forum post. In passing, the squad leader of the classroom gained many points of popularity. Within a few short hours, he gained a lot of beta adoration and a lot of alpha hatred.
With more and more replies appearing, this post quickly became one of the top ten hot topics of the day.
When Lin Yuan went to the dining hall to have dinner, there were actually a good number of several bold beta senior girls who came to him to see the new hot and buzzing attraction. They spontaneously took the initiative to find Lin Yuan and asked their junior schoolmate out to eat, and conveniently exchange some tips on mech piloting.
——The group of older schoolgirls looked over at Lin Yuan with a meaningful stare and in the end, made Caesar be in an extremely bad mood.
——The scene of Lin Yuan's being surrounded by a group of people as some spectacle even further ignited the fury in Caesar in an instant.
Caesar remained calm and collected as he made his way into the crowd, and reached out his hand to embrace Lin Yuan's shoulder. He smiled and rather elegantly said, "Sorry to be of inconvenience senior sisters, I have an appointment with Lin Yuan tonight for training, there is no more time for you to further accompany him. Next time I will treat you to dinner."
Just as he had finished speaking, he quickly grasped Lin Yuan's shoulder and took Lin Yuan out of the crowd.
Lin Yuan: "......eh?"
When did you make an appointment for training? Didn't you say that today would be our day off?
Lin Yuan was forcefully dragged away by Caesar, but there was still no response as to what this was all about.
From the bottom of his heart, Caesar cursed the "pig teammate" Baker a hundred times.
You are gaining a lot of popularity this way, aren't you? This popularity is also given to Lin Yuan and attracting a horde of
peach blossoms
......
(
TN
: Love interests... Is someone perhaps a bit jealous?)
Although Lin Yuan doesn't understand what's going on with Caesar, he does understand that Caesar had come to rescue him from being surrounded in the middle of a crowd of unfamiliar schoolgirls, Lin Yuan nonetheless was very happy. He's not bothered about Caesar lying about making plans, he immediately followed after Caesar to return to their dorm room.
With the dust finally settling after the first day's competition, Lin Yuan went to the bathroom and soaked in a nice hot bath to relax his tense mind. After coming out of the bathroom, he habitually took the medicine from the drawer and took it with a swig of lukewarm water, only to see Hobby was restlessly waiting alongside him, his mouth salivating.
Lin Yuan smiled and put the medicine carefully back in the drawer. He lifted up Hobby and held him as he said, "Are you hungry again, ah?"
Hobby immediately nodded his head with all his might.
Lin Yuan has been training very late every day for the past few days. He often forgets to feed Hobby. Fortunately, Hobby is very smart. He can go to the refrigerator to feed himself, contrary to what one would expect, it was very unlikely that he would let himself be starved.
In any case, he is not planning on training tonight so Lin Yuan held Hobby in his arms and brought him into the dining hall to feed him personally.
When Snow came back, he caught sight of Lin Yuan right in the middle of feeding his housepet, he walked to the dining hall to sit down and touch Hobby's ear and asked: "How was the result of the semi-finals today?"
Lin Yuan said with a smile: "Not bad, I've won all of my matches in the semi-final!"
"All wins?" Snow said with astonishment. "The level of players who can enter the semi-finals are not at all low. There are still many brother and sister seniors who are masters of the mech control system. If you can win against them all, then you're seriously amazing."
As Snow said so, Lin Yuan's heart began to feel a bit strange.
Throughout the entire month, he had been constantly studying the notes that the mysterious master had left for him closely and for innumerable times, they were really helpful. Coupled with this month's repeated observations and discussions with Master Small Prince and Big Prince on the Internet, Lin Yuan began to sense his own level noticeably growing.
It was just the result of today's competition, but it still made him somewhat surprised.
Originally he thought that there would be a series of twists and turns one after another, but he did not expect that it would go so smoothly with him winning all of his matches.
- It is no wonder that Lin Yuan can't figure it out.
Of the people who came to practice with him this month, one is Marshal Rosen who is the commander of the three armed military forces, and the other is the Empire's, Prince Caesar. These two are the owners of S-class mechs. How could Lin Yuan who was under their tutelage as their apprentice be weak?
Lin Yuan is talking to the top tier experts of the Empire every day!
The techniques and awareness he developed in training were all a top-notch level in the Empire!
When he ran across a slightly more ordinary master in school, it was an immediate one-minute quick kill tempo......
No way, his starting point was too high.
Of course, Lin Yuan, who knows nothing about this, can only attribute this to -
"Probably my luck is better?"
Lin Yuan smiled and quizzically scratched his head: "There were 8 groups in the semi-final. I was randomly assigned to the A1 group. The players in the A1 group didn't seem to be particularly strong, so I won it relatively more easily. It's possible that a lot of the experts were put into other groups. Caesar's group had a lot of strong people, I heard that there were two third-year seniors from the mech control department. "
Snow, as far as the mech competition is concerned, does not especially understand it. After listening to Lin Yuan's explanation, he just nodded along and said: "In any case, you could easily take the first group in the semi-final, shouldn't the final ought to be relatively easier?"
"Yes, that should be right!" Lin Yuan said excitedly. "The final is a knockout competition in accordance with the results earned during the semi-final. The first place in the A1 group is faced against the fourth place in the B1 group. Caesar is the first in the B1 group. I am the first in the A1 group. I don't have to immediately face him!"
- In Lin Yuan's heart, Caesar is a true master.
Lin Yuan regarding Caesar's level is far too understanding, it because of his understanding that Lin Yuan is aware of just how scary Caesar is.
The scary part of Caesar is not only his super fast hand speed and his clean and neat technique but also his mental calmness. Regardless of the circumstances, Caesar can calmly grasp the situation and make the most accurate judgment. In the middle of a real match, this kind of calmness is a very important advantage.
Many of Lin Yuan's techniques were entirely taught to him by Caesar. Lin Yuan also saw with his own eyes that Caesar was able to connect several extremely difficult moves seamlessly together with amazing speed, seeing it in person made him exclaim in admiration.
Lin Yuan did not have any confidence in winning against Caesar.
Since, in the semi-finals he won first place in the A1 group, his opponent in the final will be the fourth place in the B1 group. For the beginning of the knockout competition, he will be staying away from Caesar, Lin Yuan nevertheless rejoices.
Snow exchanged a few more words with Lin Yuan and then went back to the bedroom.
Caesar just happened to be exiting his bedroom when he saw Lin Yuan feeding Hobby. He walked over and stroked Hobby's ear and in a low voice said: "Lin Yuan, tomorrow's match your opponent is the top four players in our group. These players are senior brothers from the mech control department. Even though he is the fourth place, his strength is fairly impressive, you mustn't underestimate the enemy."
Caesar's heartfelt concern makes Lin Yuan feel very warm.
According to reason, everyone was participating in the same competition and should be considered a rival. However, Caesar did not care about this at all and even lent himself for training and shared a lot of his mech piloting techniques. He has been assisting with his training for the past month. On the eve of the finals, he still ran back to encourage him......
This kind of friend is really too loyal.
Lin Yuan couldn't help but look up towards Caesar and show his smile. He spoke with a sincere tone: "I know, I'll be sure to be seriously prepared. Thank you, Caesar, this month if not for you, I don't think I'd even be able to pass the semi-finals."
Facing towards Lin Yuan's grateful gaze, Caesar's heart suddenly became soft and shifted into a muddled and shambled mess.
Caesar gazed at Lin Yuan tenderly. "You don't have to be so polite to me. I hope that you can advance forward to the top ten."
Lin Yuan smiled and said: "I will do my best. I also want to go to the national finals and go see Cepheus."
Hobby, who heard "Cepheus" immediately shrank back his body in fear and buried his face in his wide and large ear.
***
At 9:00 the next morning, the finals of the mech contest finally officially began.
Unlike the semi-finals where the divided groups carried out the matches in the training room, the final is taking place in the school's central gymnasium.
The center gymnasiums floor area is extraordinarily large, so much so that it is enough to accommodate more than 100,000 spectators. The space left empty in the middle is also very vast. It is a place specially dedicated to mech competitions and large-scale program performances.
The 32 contestants who were able to advance to the finals are undoubtedly of the highest leveled students in the school. The difficulty of the finals is naturally a few notches higher than the semi-finals by a few levels. At 8:30 in the morning, the entire gymnasium was surprisingly already packed full, and the cheerleaders who came to cheer on for their classmates even pulled up their written slogan placards on the spot, cheering, with their encouraging shouts resounding throughout the whole audience.
Snow came to see the competition. Of course, he wanted to see how Lin Yuan did. Brian was his number one bum beetle and naturally wanted to follow Snow. The two had come to the venue quite early in order to find a good view and the right place to sit down.
At 9 o'clock, the competition officially started.
The first event is a brief final opening ceremony, the 32 finalists who entered the final round took turns in piloting their respective mechs onto the playing field. Humanoids, birds, snakes, wolves, dragons, spiders...... various colors, and various shapes of mechs were neatly arranged in the huge open space of the central gymnasium. The audience's blood was racing, their applause and cheers thundered through the heavens!
In the large radio announcement, the masters of each mech are introduced one by one.
Then it became time for No. 77 to be introduced......
- Contestant No. 77, red humanoid mech pilot, first-year command department, fellow student, Lin Yuan.
When Lin Yuan heard the voice in the announcement, he operated his humanoid mech and courteously waved his hand towards the audience. Without further effort, with a bright flash, its eyes shone like a lantern and seemed to be greeting the whole audience.
He had chosen a red mech today. The entire red mech bathed under sunshine gives the same impression of being encircled in dazzling flames. The rhythmic flashing in its eyes paired with its greeting gave it both a mischevious and a brimming with a confidance look.
The sound of ear-splitting cheers rang out from the audience.
Snow amidst the audience stands was a little surprised as he said: "Is Lin Yuan's popularity that high?"
Brian touched his nose and moved up to Snow's ear and said: "Only 6 of the 32 players who entered the school finals are beta. Lin Yuan took the lead in his group and scored the best among the beta. Naturally, he will get a lot of support from the betas."
Snow nodded and said faintly: "Oh. No wonder why when Lin Yuan entered the arena the cheers were so loud, those alphas are always so aloof and out of touch with reality, thinking that everyone else is beneath them, they should let this beta Lin Yuan give them a proper lesson and a beating."
"......" Brian a bit bewilderedly asked: "Do you...... hate alpha, ah?"
Why is it that every time he speaks of alphas he uses this kind of disdainful and contempt ridden tone?
Snow spoke frostily: "You don't mean to tell me that what I say is wrong, do you? All alphas think that their genes are superior, betas and omegas lack any consideration in their eyes, especially since some alpha chauvinistic pigs even consider omega as their own personal plaything to be locked up at home. They only think of omegas as no more than a birthing machine...... Forget it, I don't feel like speaking about them anymore."
Snow's tone is full of disgust as if just mentioning alphas is an insult to his mouth.
Brian was silent for a moment before he no longer was able to resign himself to this, he covertly moved his hand to reside on Snow's hand. In order to hear what he wanted, he spoke accordingly: "Not all alphas are like that. I am also an alpha...... Do you see me like that? "
Snow stared blankly for a second and wanted to take back his hand, only to find that Brian had a tighter grip.
Turning his head to meet with his fawning and expectant gaze, Snow's heart inexplicably grew soft, with a stiff tone, he said: "You..... You're not like them."
Brian's pair of eyes lit up. "Where am I not like them?"
Snow thought for a long time and finally came to the conclusion, "You are the one I chose, naturally you are different from those of the alpha chauvinistic pigs."
Brian: "..............."
Although there is no word in this sentence that praises Brian, rather only in his own perspective was there any praise. Nonetheless, Brian is quite happy to be a special presence in Snow's heart that is "different from those other alphas"!
***
Just at that time, the audience suddenly burst into a peal of enthusiastic applause, the match had already officially begun.
Such a large space was divided into four fields, East, West, South, and North. The match between the A1 and B1 groups is on the eastern field. The match carries out a scoring system, each attack against an opponent follows a deduction of 1 point, 11 points is the cut-off. The first to reach 11 points will advance to the next round.Groups A1 vs. B1, first match.
No. 77 humanoid mech, the pilot Lin Yuan is playing against No. 299 wolf-type mech, pilot Danny.
Because it is an unfamiliar opponent, the depths of his strength is simply unknown. Lin Yuan follows the principle of what the mysterious master said - calmly brake, in the beginning, immediately assume a defensive stance.
Danny is a third-year contestant from the mech command department. He obviously underestimated the ability of this first-year beta junior brother. When the match started, he rushed over aggressively with a gray wolf mech.
The sprint speed of the wolf's mech was practically as fast as a tornado. The light cannon contained in the mouth is aimed straight towards the abdomen of the humanoid mech, ready to attack. A pair of claws adorned with sharp electromagnetic blades are simultaneously turned on. As the claws are advancing towards the humanoid mech's neck, they are suddenly grabbed and thrown off course
Such a fierce offensive approach directly caused the audience to break out in an explosion of applause!
Lin Yuan is surprisingly not nervous at all, calmly calculating the distance between the two of them and began to quickly drawback!
*
The two people pursue and attack one another, one falls back, quickly retreating to the edge of the arena. Seeing that the humanoid mech could no longer retreat, the gray wolf mech drew his sword and nearly chopped off the humanoid mech's neck- but in a split-second, Lin Yuan unexpectedly maneuvered into a flip 18 degrees to the side. The sharp blade was precisely evaded along with the simultaneous artillery shell attack. The humanoid mech then lifted up its right foot and opened the electromagnetic gear hidden in its toe, and directly swung its leg towards the other's abdomen!
(
TN
: This whole paragraph gave me a huge headache since the author never really specified who was who during any of this so I am taking the opportunity to throw in exactly who is who during all of this lol.)
With a loud roaring bang, the wolf-type mech that was given a powerful kick to the abdomen was immediately thrown back!
The red indicator light on top of the wolf-type mechs head immediately lit up. The judging panel on the large central screen had simultaneously given the score of 1:0!
Lin Yuan, who was in a defensive position, actually got the first point!
At such a scene, the audience was suddenly dumbstruck...
It was plainly obvious that the No. 299 wolf-type armor was aggressively rushing over and the humanoid mech was continuously retreating back. They all looked on as a strike was about to hit its neck, but inexplicably, in the end, rather, it was No. 77 that received the point?
How did he hit his opponent's weak point, the audience could barely see everything clearly...
No .77's movements were really too fast and the transition of the situation was done almost in the blink of an eye!
The following matches were wholly following the rhythm of Lin Yuan.
Danny suffered through lots of embarrassing losses in the face of his first-year junior schoolmate, his heart began to suffer feelings of indignation and his attacks began to increase in violence. But oddly enough, each time he tries to launch an attack first, Lin Yuan always seems to be able to continuously defend, every time the score goes to Lin Yuan.
1:0...... 3:0...... 7:2...... 11:3.
Lin Yuan won this match with a score of 11:3.
Soon, the competitions of several other arenas were over. The broadcast began to announce the results -
"No. 77 Lin Yuan, successfully advanced to the next round."
"No. 65 Caesar, successfully advanced to the next round."
"No. 198 Will..."
The top 16 promotion will proceed to fight in the second round of the competition.
The second round was once again a single match knockout competition. Lin Yuan was faced against the victor of the B2 group, Will, piloting a black bird.
With precise operation, no arrogance nor a hot-temper in his mentality, a quick reaction ability...... The red humanoid mech operated by Lin Yuan runs across the playing field, it's nimbleness and agility simply resembles that of a vigorous human. The audience only sees a burst of a red whirlwind dash in front of them leaving behind a heady blast of wind, leaping, turning, raising a weapon, and bringing the blade down - the connection between these difficult movements is truly too beautiful!
Once again, he effortlessly won this match with a score of 11:5. The applause from the audience almost collapsed the roof!
- Lin Yuan, from the command department is a first-year young beta, he looks to be just like a valiant dark horse that completely unexpectedly made an appearance. He actually stormed right through the semi-finals in the school-wide mech competition of St. Romia Military Academy!
How inconceivable is this?! The audience is practically stunned!
The top eight together with the ninth and tenth place acting as substitutes in case of injuries can represent the school to participate in the national finals. The following top eight knockout competition is actually of little significance. The only difference that it makes is the amount of the scholarship given by the school and the final trophy cup, nothing more.
However, Lin Yuan did not let himself relax as a result. In the afternoon of the quarter-finals knockout competition, he was still earnestly fighting just as concentrated as before.
In the end, everyone who had looked upon Lin Yuan had been shocked until their eyes became lifeless, he had murdered his way into the finals to ultimately take second-place!
As a first-year beta, among all of the difficulties building up all the way to the top, encountering God and killing God, encountering Buddha and killing Buddha. He is simply fierce and unstoppable!
Lin Yuan himself is actually very calm and collected because he still had not fully accepted this result at the moment, his soul has still yet to return.
After advancing to the top eight, he was aware that he could go to Cepheus to participate in the national finals. His manner already began to loosen up. He didn't think too much during the afternoon of the quarter-finals. He just tried to relax his mind and try his hardest and enjoy every match. It was completely out of his expectations...... that it would even be possible for him to go this far.
Standing on top of the podium, Lin Yuan's head was still up amidst the clouds and mist.
......uh, is this finished already?
......what's all this about the runner-up?
Until the moment when Headmaster Belfast personally held the trophy and walked over to confer the award to him, Lin Yuan, whose head was still thoroughly muddled from the competition, finally had his soul returned to him and he humbly received the trophy cup offered to him from the headmaster's hand. Holding the heavy trophy with both hands, he was unsure how to properly hold it.
Belfast smiled and patted Lin Yuan's shoulder. "You are a good person with great moral integrity, on behalf of the school, go to the Cepheus competition and continue to do your best."
Lin Yuan immediately fell into a proper stance and facing the Headmaster, gave him the standard ceremonial military salute: "Understood! Headmaster! "
***
After the game, Lin Yuan held the trophy while returning back to the dorm together with Caesar.
The trophy of the runner-up is silver, and Caesar's first-place trophy is gold. Lin Yuan has been studying the trophy in his hand all along the way. The trophy is shaped like a flying eagle, and the sculpture is highly realistic. The school's emblem is also marked on the pedestal.
Lin Yuan said excitedly: "I didn't expect this at all, I actually got second place......"
In fact, when Lin Yuan finally faced Caesar in the final, if Caesar relaxed even a little, Lin Yuan could have definitely won the championship.
Caesar did not expect this little guy to go through and temper himself these two days of competition, he actually improved so quickly that he can now draw a tie against him. At this point, Caesar immediately raised his vigilance and dealt with it seriously. He finally won the match with a score of 11:9.
It's not that Caesar doesn't want Lin Yuan to win this championship, but he knows that if Lin Yuan wins the title as a beta, this unforeseen situation in all of history would definitely incite a lot of alpha resentment. Later on in the school, Lin Yuan would be in an extremely difficult situation.
It is easy to dodge a spear in the open, but hard to avoid a stab in the dark. An excess of the limelight does not bid well.
So as a result, Caesar won this championship, since it is still necessary to keep the masses under control.
If it is said that the shot hits the bird that pokes its head out, then those in the higher years who are not convinced by the results of their senior brothers and sisters can go straight ahead and come to me with their anger.
Looking back at Lin Yuan and seeing him look down with a trophy and studying it carefully, Caesar's heart couldn't help but soften.
Such an outstanding guy, but because he is a beta, he cannot give off a true lustrous brilliance. Because his family background is too ordinary, he must always be careful and to be on guard against everything...... This world is just too unfair to betas and omegas.
- Fortunately, I am here.
- I will do everything in my capability to protect you. Here in the thickets of thorns of the military, I will be your most solid backing.
Caesar suddenly stopped and said, "Lin Yuan."
Lin Yuan, who was still carefully studying the trophy, stopped him in his tracks and looked back at Caesar. He said quizzically: "What is it?"
Caesar smiled and extended his hand outwards. "Come, congratulations, we finally both received a trophy, we can go together to the national finals competition to cheer on each other."
Lin Yuan also smiled as he reached out his hand to shake hands with Caesar. "Let's cheer on each other!"
When night fell, the synthetic stars above the vast celestial body cast warm light and created a shadow of the hands of the two teenagers closely woven together. Lin Yuan's eyes were filled with excitement and joy. In Caesar's gaze, nevertheless, his obliviousness did not change the feelings of friendship and tenderness.
The author has something to say: Last night the number digit was tired to the point of dropping down in the middle of the night.......
Fortunately, the first big volume [Military Academy] finally ended successfully, and the next chapter opened a new volume [Cepheus]
Please continue to support it~ ~
Band together to Xiao Yuan and Snow to demand hugs! Seeking encouragement!
As for BriBri and the Small Prince, these two bum beetles do not need encouragement and will automatically follow closely! Rich Chinese
(TN: Ah, such a bad headache, but there is no such thing as rest during translating! Next one will be out ASAP.)
Volume II: Cepheus
Chapter 039: Departure
Following the major mech competition, the military training examinations go on as planned. As far as those who earnestly participated in their training, those people had absolutely no trouble passing through. This exams passing rate of the new students had reached 100%. Originally after passing the exams, they should have still been formally attending classes, however, this year coincidently coincides with the 600th anniversary of the Lacey Empire. The capital of the constellation of Cepheus is about to hold a large-scale celebration. All human-inhabited planets within the imperial regime are on a vacation for 10 days.
A full 10-day vacation is undoubtedly a rare opportunity for students to relax. Many students can just go home to see their parents or amuse themselves by traveling to other regions.
However, for Lin Yuan and Caesar, every minute of the 10-day vacation has become extremely valuable.
- Because they must go to the capital of the constellation of Cepheus to undergo pre-match training.
Unlike the single-player matches held in the school, the national finals are all group-based team competitions, divided into an obstacle course,
stress competition
, tactical competition, and as well as the final group showdown. Each event has its own grading criteria. The team competitions not only have extremely strict requirements on the individual ability of each player but it also pays attention to the teamwork between the groups. There is an additional stipulation from the Mech Association that all of the competing schools go to the capital star for training three days prior to the competition.
(
TN
: Word for word what it said, I even asked an undoubtedly more proficient translator than myself (I love her translation of Seizing Dreams, I'm still fangirling about that) and alas no clue what kind of competition this is lol. Lord Google offered me nothing, if it's ever mentioned again with more detail I'll come back and change the name.)
The military instructor who will lead the group to Cepheus is currently Lieutenant Colonel Knox.
On February 27th, Lieutenant Colonel Knox summoned the top ten students to convene together. He spoke seriously: "The National Finals is a school-based group competition. Everyone bear in mind that from here on out, all of you act as one unit, honor is won together and failure is lost together! Our school has won the title of champion in the National Finals for four consecutive years. This year's championship trophy must not be lost! I hope that you can trust each other and cooperate together to display the best talent in our school! "
Everyone immediately earnestly replied back: "Understood! Instructor!"
Knox nodded. "Tomorrow morning, at 7:00 on the dot, We will convene at the school gate. I will be taking you to the final competition at the capital star for the three-day match pre-training. I'm sure by now you're thoroughly aware of the rules and regulations of the competition. After arriving in the capital star, your meals and accommodations are all taken care of by the Mech Association. If you want to meet any friends in private or go to other places to mess around, you must request a leave of absence from me."
Knox paused for a moment and with a penetrating gaze looked at the faces of the ten students one by one: "Does everyone understand that?"
Everyone immediately replied with bright voices: "We understand, Instructor!"
***
Walking back to the dormitory, Lin Yuan felt somewhat suspicious and asked: "Caesar, was the master who guided me before senior Leo?"
Just recently during training, Lin Yuan carefully observed and compared each of the top ten students for a bit. There are a total of three people that are third-years in the control department, two boys and one girl. Among them, there is Ace who is a boy with a surprisingly soft voice and another boy named Leo's whose voice is somewhat deep and low. Lin Yuan and the mysterious master only talked through the mech each time they met, so in the end, it was impossible to determine what the other party's true voice was.
From everything he has to go on, only senior Leo is suitable.
Strangely enough, Leo seemed like he didn't recognize his appearance? Lin Yuan even took the initiative to smile at him, but he unexpectantly remained indifferent?
Caesar turned his head and looked at Lin Yuan with a completely bewildered gaze, he couldn't help but smile as he explained: "It's not Leo. Don't start being so anxious, that master didn't participate in the competition. He lives in the capital of the constellation of Cepheus, he'll be waiting upon us. When we arrive at the capital, he will treat you to dinner."
Lin Yuan excitedly nodded. "Oh, so it turned out to be like this!"
It's no wonder that the competition overall felt a bit off. The mysterious master is so powerful, but he never saw a player with such a high level on the playing field. So as it turned out, he didn't compete. Otherwise, the champion title would have certainly been his.
After coming around to this idea, Lin Yuan no longer felt confused. After returning to the dormitory, he immediately went back to his bedroom to bathe.
***
Inside the living room, Brian turns on the ultra-high resolution big screen TV to watch a soap opera, this time watching a science-fiction themed one. It was mainly about various clones and with them, feeling resentment and animosity. Caesar went to sit next to him and asked: "I'm setting off with Lin Yuan tomorrow morning to go to the capital star. What arrangements do you have for the ten-day vacation?"
Brian said: "I will also be going back to the capital star tomorrow. I will be celebrating my grandfather's 200th birthday for two days. Everyone in the Bayh family has to be present."
For Mr. Aston's grand 200th birthday celebration, not only does everyone in the Bayh household have to show up, but even the royal family sends congratulatory gifts.
Caesar's royal uncle, Berg, married Mr. Aston's youngest son, Drew, who in turn gave birth to his only son, Brian. The imperial family and the Bayh family have had close relations with one another prior to receiving connections through the event of marriage bringing them together. It was also because Mr. Aston is looked upon in the empire as a mech master reckoned to be the first or second best. His prestige in the entire empire even surpasses certain military
generalissimos
.
(
TN
: Commanders of more than one military unit, the real big-wig generals lol. I also just thought this word looked interesting so I used it.)
His Majesty, Prince Caesar, and Marshal Rosen's S-class mechs were all made by him. His own flesh and blood son, General Drew's mech, was completely ignored. The old gentleman's temperament is very eccentric, he only gives mechs to those who are pleasing to his eye. Even at an elderly two hundred years old, he is still just as in glowing spirits immersed in researching parts all day as he was before. He hadn't taken a lot of disciples but each and every one of them ended up as a master......
Such a respectable person of virtue and prestige from an older-generation celebrating a birthday, as one can well imagine when that moment comes, the occasion will be sure to be bustling with noise and excitement.
Right as the two are chatting, Snow also comes back.
Brian hurridly got up and walked over to him and asked, "Snow, how do you plan to spend these ten days?"
Snow said flatly: "There is nothing planned."
Brian puzzledly scratched his head. "I am going to return to my home, I may be unable to keep you company."
Snow said: "It doesn't matter."
After he finished speaking, he turned around to return to his bedroom and closed the door to take a bath, keeping to himself.
Brian felt somewhat lost and went back to the sofa to sit down. He turned his head and turned to Caesar and said: "Actually, I really want to take Snow to the capital star to hang out for a few days, but, since my grandfather's grand birthday celebration is happening, my relatives like my uncle and aunt all have to go back to the capital star. If by chance I was seen together with Snow, it would be unfavorable for him......"
Caesar completely understood Brian's distress and nodded as he said, "You are right to go without him. After all, your current relationship is not suitable for you to lay all of your cards on the table, the Bayh family is completely gathered, in this case, you would certainly be asking for trouble if you took him."
Brian was silent for a moment, "But, you are going together with Lin Yuan to participate in the competition and I will also be going to the capital star. We are all leaving. Wouldn't that just be leaving him all alone in the dormitory?"
It goes without saying that Snow had no friends with his indifferent and cold personality. If his roommates were all gone, he would be the only one left behind. Thinking of him staying all alone in a deserted room for a whole ten days with not even a person who would accompany him and chat, Brian felt very distressed.
Caesar suggested: "Wouldn't it be better to book a tour group for him and let him choose a place to have fun in for a few days?"
Brian thought about it: "I'll ask him if he wants to go anywhere."
Brian got up and went up to Snow's bedroom and he knocked to open the door and went in.
Snow quizzically asked: "What? Aren't you going home tomorrow? Shouldn't you be packing your bags?"
Brian suddenly took a step forward and embraced Snow tightly. He rests his chin on Snow's shoulder and begins to lightly rub his chin against him. He lowers his voice as he speaks: "I am going home soon, I can't see you for a whole ten days..."
Snow: "......"
This Alpha's fawning actions and gentle tone can always quickly strike Snow's weak spot.
Snow's body was stiff for a moment, he hesitantly reached out to placate Brian by rather softly stroking his head and saying softly: "Ten days and nothing more, don't worry."
Brian deeply inhaled, Snow's faintly cold smell was particularly nice to sniff at, he was very reluctant to let go.
After holding him tightly for a while, Brian was finally was able to let go of Snow and look at him earnestly as he said: "I have a VIP membership card from the Central Travel Agency, I can help you custom-order a nice travel route. There are ten days for you to go out and have fun, do you have a place that you want to go?"
Snow said: "No need, I will just use this vacation time to experiment. "
Brian immediately began to frown as he said: "After so many difficulties we finally get to have a vacation, what is this experiment you're doing, ah?"
Snow said: "The design of senior Shirley's graduation project has finally reached the last few stages. I am her personal assistant. I will be staying these last few days to lend her a helping hand."
Hearing Shirley's name, Brian's face immediately turned black. "It's that senior girl again, don't stay with her all day!"
There was a distinctly strong smell of
vinegar
in the air.
(
TN
: Someone's jealous again~ What's up with these Alphas and chugging vinegar all the time?)
Snow hurriedly said: "I have nothing to do with her."
Brian's face still looked out of sorts. "She looks at you with an obviously abnormal gaze, she must definitely be interested in you! For what other reason would she have you be her assistant? You are only a first-year and you only just recently entered school. Trying to find an assistant to do experiments and she doesn't try to find a second-year student, but instead calls upon you? Is this not an attempt or what? For a full ten days, she actually lets you stay alone with her for experimentation?!"
Brian's two eyes are already burning with anger
Snow felt somewhat regretful for pulling senior Shirley out as a
shield
. This shield is completely useless and only brings out adverse effects.
(
TN
: Using poor Shirley as an excuse...)
......how should I calm an alpha down when he is angry?
Snow gave it a thought, didn't the last time when he kissed him seem to work out well?
So Snow stood up on his tiptoes and gently kissed Brian's lips, interrupting Brian's wrathful interrogation.
Brian: "....................."
The thoughtless words that he wanted to say without thinking were blocked by Snow's kiss and the soft, cool touch on his lips was fleeting as if it were only but an illusion flashing through his dazzled mind.
Brian blanked out for a second and immediately hugged Snow's waist and firmly kissed back!
"
Wu
......"
(
TN
: Interjection of surprise.)
Last time, wasn't the kiss nice and fast? Why was this storyline not right......
Snow hurriedly pushed him as hard as he could, but he was tightly embraced by both of Brian's hands.
The superiority of the Alpha's physical strength made Snow's struggle become completely futile. Brian's dexterous tongue seized the opportunity to pry open his jaw, immediately exploring the inside of Snow's mouth. After frantically sucking and wrapping Snow's tongue around him the kiss wildly began to pick up in heat.
Snow stiffly stretched his back taut.
Inside his mouth, he feels greatly affected by their combination of saliva and the nimble actions of the Alpha's tongue. Under the tyrannical ministrations and such fierce friction, the back his spine suddenly picks up a trace of a subtle desire, powerful enough to make him tremble, which then goes along his peripheral nerves and directly charges into his brain.
With the kiss of the Alpha, his whole body was toyed with and grew weak. Snow even found himself having to swallow the other party's saliva.
"Mmm...ngh...mmm...mmm..."
Brian kissed even more enthusiastically and in addition the technique of this guy's motions and kissing are significantly more than
X
times better than last time.
(
TN
: The exact number was left out for some reason? There was just the letter n there so just use your imagination.)
The effect of Snow's homemade inhibitors is still in the verification stage. During this time, close contact with Brian has been avoided. Today's deep kiss makes the Omega pheromones in the body start to fluctuate again!
Brian's frantic French kiss made Snow go almost completely soft in his arms.
- I did not expect that my own pacifying action would actually stir up a fire in the upper body.
It wasn't until Brian finally emptied out all of his desire that he ended his kiss and withdrew back from Snow's mouth. Snow was holding onto his last bit of strength, tightly clenching his fist, gasping for breath and looked at him: "......are you satisfied now? "
Slightly blushing face, moist lips, and his blue eyes are lightly covered with a film of glistening water. As he looks up and attempts to feign a cold and indifferent gaze at me, it is simply the ultimate temptation......
Brian took a deep breath and painstakingly kept his intense urges under control. He smiled and said, "Okay, I believe that you have nothing to do with Shirley. But, do you really have to experiment with her for ten days?"
Snow is faintly said: "I only came towards the end of the experiment, I'm only giving a senior sister a helping hand, nothing more." Snow paused and added: "In addition to me, there are two second-year assistants...... Don't think too much."
Brian finally let go of his worries, "That's good, I am going to pack my bags now, wait for me to return!"
After he finished talking, he also moved closer and tenderly kissed Snow's forehead, he then perfectly contented, turned around and left.
Finally, Brian was sent away. Snow sat back next to his desk and drank half a glass of cold water from the top of the table.
His heartbeat was a little bit out of control, his entire body started to heat up, and some parts of his lower body even reacted......
This kind of situation is not very optimistic.
Snow took a deep breath and whispered: "Night Snow."
The silver mech inside his necklace space button immediately turned into a fully humanoid model and stationed itself right in front of Snow, calmly saying: "Here, Master."
After a moment of silence, Snow said, "......can I trust you?"
Night Snow cooly said: "Master, when I was finished, Brian's first order issued to my smart center, that was, to the master named Snow...... eternal loyalty."
Snow: "......"
Eternal loyalty to Snow?
Is this the first order that Brian gave to this mech?
Snow didn't know what to say at the moment. Not long ago, Brian had carefully put the mech space button into the palm of his hand, now there was a kind of indescribable warmth in his heart.
That whipped guy......
Sometimes he was quite foolish, but he is truly good towards him......
Night Snow's tone suddenly became gentle. "Master, don't worry, as your mech, I will always be loyal to you and only loyal to you...... even if it is my creator Brian, I am not qualified to betray you."
Snow was silent for a long time, before finally reaching out his hand towards the mech.
Night Snow's eyes flashed and also reached out its hand and gently placed Snow's hand in the palm of its own hand.
This kind of formal agreement between the master and the mech finally let Snow fully let his guard down and open his heart.
Although mechs do possess intelligence, when all is said and done they are still machines, there are so many unpredictable thoughts in human beings, let alone what kind of emotions may affect them. Night Snow was just a recently completed mech and its memory is still in a blank period. As long as the newly created mech reaches an agreement with their master, they will be dead-set loyal towards them.
Snow still can't completely believe in human beings. He can only believe in his own mech.
Thinking of this, Snow whispered: "Night Snow, I want to tell you a secret, you are not allowed to tell it to anyone."
Night Snow nodded: "Understood, Master."
Snow said: " I am actually an Omega."
Night Snow said: "I knew, Master."
Snow: "......"
It really didn't have a strong reaction, probably because it was not fully aware of the seriousness of an Omega being mixed into a military school.
Snow paused. "First, you help me detect the concentration of Omega
X
pheromone in my bloodstream."
(
TN
: Censoring everywhere! Baidu said that this certain 'j口j' censor meant harmonious, but that's likely just a euphemism for lust or sexual desire.)
Snow stretched out his arm and immediately put his finger on the needle in Night Snow's detector and took a drop of blood for data analysis, and soon announced the final results, "Master, the pheromone value in your body is 7.0mg / L."
7.0mg / L......
The pheromones in Omegas will fluctuate slightly with changes in mood and physiological state. The normal concentration of pheromones in an adult Omega's blood will fall between 7.0 and 9.0. After reaching 7.0, omega pheromone will present itself on the body through scent, reaching more than 9.0 will signal the start of their estrus period.
Snow had also sneaked his blood into the laboratory yesterday. The pheromone concentration was 0.1, which was almost negligible. That is because the utility of the omega inhibitor reduced the pheromone in the omega body indefinitely.
However, today it suddenly reached a concentration of 7.0.
In addition to the influence of Brian's French kissing, there is another reason - it is pretty clear that the inhibitors injections are as unstable and unreliable as the previous ones, after encountering Alpha contact, especially intimate contact, the inhibitor in his body actually immediately collapsed.
Fortunately, Snow had added a lot of ingredients to cover up the smell and did not cause Brian's to detect anything, otherwise, the situation just now... would have absolutely gotten out of control!
Snow took a deep breath and took an injection from the drawer and injected it into the blood vessels of the arm. After waiting for about five minutes, Snow let Night Snow re-test, and the newly measured value quickly dropped to 0.1.
- This kind of method could no longer be used.
There are tens of thousands of Alphas in this school. Snow can't avoid all of the Alphas all the time. Even if you walk on the road and pass an Alpha, the smell of the pheromone from the other party will also affect the effectiveness of the inhibitor in his body. The replacement of several ingredients in the process of making these inhibitors has made the effect of the drug decrease. To make the best inhibitor, you must still have to buy and use banned drugs in the formula.
Snow calmly considered for a moment before he finally got up and walked up to his closet and took out the safe hidden inside of the closet.
He takes out a small box of nerve anesthetic, a sharp electromagnetic knife, a set of clothes that look ordinary but it actually had a large pocket hidden in its sleeve, and as well as a pair of black leather boots from the safe.
Snow rapidly puts on the skintight clothes and the leather boots, he hides the needles of the nerve anesthetic in his sleeves and the knife was hidden in the secret pocket under a zipper on the side of his leather boot. He then said: "Night Snow, return back to the space button."
Night Snow immediately obeyed the order and returned to the necklace on Snow's neck.
Snow took out an ID card and a spaceship ticket from the drawer, stuffed it into his bag, then switched off this bedroom lights, pretending that he was already asleep, and then quietly spoke to Night Snow-
"Wait for them to all to fall asleep, we will then leave immediately."
The light gold handwriting on the spacecraft's ticket flashed with a faint fluorescence in the dark of the night, which is the unique design element that will naturally be on the VIP Spacecraft's Supreme ticket.
The two lines of words gradually became clear in front of them......
Terminal: the capital of the constellation of Cepheus, Sheffield.
Departure time:
February 28
, 2:30 a.m..
(
TN
: Just a lil' reminder that it is currently the 27th as of now~)
***
In the bedroom next door, Lin Yuan is lying in the bathtub and soaking in a hot bath, while he also excitedly thinks about the scenario of their arrival to the capital star and then going to a place to meet up with that mysterious master.
I don't know what sort of person that master will be?
Lin Yuan felt very excited when he thought of seeing his face in person. When that time comes, I must properly express my gratitude to him. Without his guidance and those meticulously copied electronic notes, I would have never improved so fast. I smoothly entered the top ten out of the entire school without a hitch and even got second place.
It would be better to take the initiative to invite him out to dinner......
In any case, the top ten contestants in this competition have been sent out scholarships. The amount of the runner-up, Lin Yuan scholarship, was a very impressive 20,000 crystal coins, this is definitely the largest sum of money he had ever seen in writing from his childhood to now as a first-year student!
After he finished up taking his bath, he came out of the bathroom and habitually opened up the locked drawer. Lin Yuan took out the small box of medicine and ate a piece for the day.
Just then, there was a sudden knock on the door.
Lin Yuan put the medicine back in the drawer and opened the door to see Caesar standing outside the entrance.
Lin Yuan inquisitively asked: "What's wrong?"
Caesar gave a slight smile and said: "That mysterious master you have always wanted to see just contacted me a moment ago. He has been quite busy in recent days, but he invited you to meet up with him after the end of the competition next week. He has already booked a place to eat, at that time, come with me and we'll go together."
Lin Yuan immediately said excitedly: "That's great!"
Caesar paused and went on to say: "And my big brother wants to meet you too."
Lin Yuan surprisedly asked: "Your big brother?"
Caesar nodded, "My home is in the capital star, my brother is also a mech fanatic, he grew particularly fond of playing with mechs since he was a child. When he heard that I have a roommate that ended up taking second place, he really wanted to see you. I don't know if you would be inconvenienced?"
Lin Yuan scratched his head and said: "I actually don't have a problem. However, didn't the instructor not say that you need to request a leave of absence if you want to meet with friends privately? To leave without permission when we are training, is that not something truly bad?"
Caesar hurridly said: "It's no problem, I can talk to him about it tomorrow night. After arriving at the capital star tomorrow night, the instructor will arrange for us to check in at the hotel first. The training will begin the day after tomorrow. Tomorrow evening is free time, I'll just happen to be taking you around the capital city to enjoy the nightscape and conveniently he'll invite you to dinner "
Lin Yuan excitedly said:" Well that's good then! I've been invited out to the capital star tomorrow night! I also want to go see the capital stars nightscape! There should be lots of delicious food I haven't eaten before......"
Sure enough, he is always really keen on food.
Looking at Lin Yuan's excited appearance, Caesar's gaze couldn't help but become soft and tender. "No worries, I will take you to eat the specialty dishes of Sheffield Star. You should pack your bags first, get everything sorted out and go to bed soon since we still have to get up early tomorrow morning."
Lin Yuan excitedly nodded and said: "En, goodnight!"
After he turned back to his bedroom, Lin Yuan quickly started packing.
The competing team members need to stay in the capital for one week. This week's accommodation and meals are entirely arranged by the school. Lin Yuan has nothing important to bring, he just casually brings a few changes of clothes and then opens the drawer to bring that bottle of medicine.
When he opens the drawer he only discovers that the drawer was completely empty......
Lin Yuan stayed frozen in place.
......what about my medicine????!!!!
Lin Yuan stared blankly for a moment, thinking that he must have been hallucinating, he took a closer look and found that there was truly nothing in the drawer.
Because of the importance of this medicine, he had been locking the medicine in this drawer and taking a piece daily following his bath. After eating the medicine just then, Caesar had suddenly knocked on the door. Lin Yuan didn't have time to lock the drawer and went straight out to talk to Caesar.
When I came back, the medicine was gone?
What a joke! I definitely just put it back after I finished eating it, ah, how could it suddenly disappear?
Lin Yuan stared doubtfully at the drawer and attentively began to rummage around it, he looked around for a long time but was still unable to even find a trace of the medicine bottle. However, at the edge of the drawer, he discovered a strand of pure white pet hair......
"......Hobby! Give it back to me!"
Lin Yuan turned over his room looking for his housepet.
Wasn't in this room, neither the bathroom, but after opening and pulling apart his closet, it turned out that Hobby was hiding in his wardrobe.
Holding the bottle right in its hand, he was happily immersed in eating the medicine, his mouth chewed incessantly. It was very fragrant and sweet......
Lin was very extremely angry. He immediately grabbed it and snatched the bottle from its hand. With one look, he quickly found himself frozen to the ground where he stood.
This good-for-nothing foodie, in such a short period of time actually finished off the entire bottle of medicine?!
Lin Yuan used all his strength to swat his head. "Hobby! Who told you to steal this? This is not something you can eat!"
......
wuwu
, his owner is very angry.
(
TN
: Crying sounds like boohoo.)
......owner definitely knows that I really hate people patting my head.
Hobby looked up at Lin Yuan feeling a bit aggrieved, his eyes were practically gleaming with tears ready to roll down and begin weeping.
Lin Yuan helplessly had no choice but to grab the large photoelectric tablet and hold it in front of him. His face unsightly as he asked: "Why are you stealing my pills?! What if you receive any number of side effects?"
Hobby bowed his head in confusion and wrote out: "Owner, isn't that candy?"
Lin Yuan: "......"
Hobby continued to write seriously: "I have looked at it carefully. There are no signs on it. There was also no logo labeled on the bottle. If this was medicine, there would have definitely been a logo right? Isn't this the candy that Big Sis' Lin Yao had made for you? Big Sis' Lin Yao has also made this kind of white candy before, it was very delicious."
Lin Yuan: "......"
Habib: "Watching you eat it every day, I also wanted to taste it......"
Lin Yuan: "......"
- Suddenly, in the end, he was a bit confused as to whether he had been keeping a good or bad pet.
It's true that my sister's culinary talent is very good. Our family opened a cake shop on the planet of Rennes. She not only constantly makes various kinds of cakes and pastries, but also makes candies. She can use various raw materials to synthesize different flavors of candy in the store to sell. Sales were always pretty good. When Hobby was at home, he would also often eat the candy made by Lin Yao.
Furthermore, Dr. Fornt's medicine is indeed contained in an inconspicuous bottle of candy. There is no logo whatsoever attached to it on the outside...... No wonder why Hobby had always been impatiently drooling beside him all of those times before. This pet has obviously misunderstood, mistakenly thinking that this is candy that my sister had given me......
Although the mistake was not committed intentionally, the problem still remains that the medicine was eaten by the idiot as if it were candy. If he goes to the capital star to compete in the competition, what should be done in the case that a strange illness manifests?!
The author has something to say:
Author: Little companions, do not give up the treatment, ah!
Snow: I have not given up treatment, but the treatment plan is always wrong......
Lin Yuan: I have been taking my medicine on time, but now my medicine is gone......
Caesar + Brian: We like what we hear and see!
(
TN
: Anything relatively smutty gets censored a fair amount, sometimes I just have to go with my intuition lol.)
Chapter 040: Capital Star
The medicine that Dr. Fornt gave to Lin Yuan was never labeled. The medicine was placed in an inconspicuous bottle that one would commonly put candy in. Then on top of that, back when he was at home, his sister would always be constantly making these kinds of candies. Hobby had mistakenly thought it was candy that Lin Yao made. That glutton had just gone and stole it. Even though Lin Yuan is very angry, but when all is said and done, Hobby did it unintentionally. He cannot be seriously angry towards such a foolish housepet.
Looking at Hobby's drooping head with his weeping eyes gleaming with tears, Lin Yuan ended up beginning to worry.
Will there be any side effects from this little guy eating the medicine? Human and animal constitutions are different. If medicine made for human consumption is eaten by a house pet, even I don't know what kind of consequences will come about.......
The more Lin Yuan thinks about it, the more uneasy he feels. He bluntly grabs Hobby and carries him in his arms, then he immediately turns and goes out the door.
Currently, it was already very late at night and it was raining heavily outside. Holding Hobby in his embrace, Lin Yuan opened up a large umbrella and kept him carefully concealed all the way through the school until he reached the school gate. Arriving at a pet hospital on a street, he placed Hobby on the table. He went straight toward the doctor and anxiously said: "Doctor, could you please give him an examination, he accidentally took my medicine. I don't know if there will be any problems."
The doctor looked at the youth in front of him calmly and asked: "What medicine did your pet eat?"
Lin Yuan thought for a moment and said, "I don't know what the name of the medicine is......"
The doctor no longer asked any more questions. He directly grabbed Hobby's clawed paws and drew a little blood to let the robot assistant next to him do a lab test. Fairly quickly, the robot posted the various data gleaned from the lab test on the screen and the doctor carefully looked it over and said: "Don't worry, there's no problem, as long as the drugs aren't toxic they can be eaten by pets and will not have much of an impact."
Lin saw nothing unusual about Hobby, this calmed him down, feeling relieved, he said: "Thank you, Doctor"
Holding Hobby, he started to make his way back and the rain had started falling harder. Lin Yuan feared that Hobby would become terribly frozen. He began undoing the buttons on his coat and entirely held him in his embrace, using the clothing to carefully wrap him up.
- Hobby withdrew back from the warmth of his owner and felt even more upset.
A few years ago, if the owner had not taken it back from the space station, he would have already frozen to death.
This owner has always been very good to him, feeding him delicious food every day...... Later upon going to the school, he had secretly hidden inside the owner's luggage. After the owner found out, he was also not angry. He even took a risk to bring him along to the school.......
But today, the owner was really angry.
Because he had inadvertently caused a calamity.
He had really thought that the inconspicuous bottle contained the candy made by Big Sis' Lin Yao, so the gluttonous portion of his brain wanted to steal it. Moreover, when he was eating it, it truly tasted just like candy. It was very sweet and delicious, so as a result, he ended up eating a lot......
It was naturally completely outside of his expectations for it to be a very important medication for his owner.
If he had known that it was actually medicine, he would have rather been beaten to death than to go eat it......
The more Hobby thinks about it, the sadder he becomes. He pulls back from Lin Yuan's tight embrace and holds onto the clothing, afraid that he would no longer want him......
By the time Lin Yuan returned to the dormitory, it was already half past one. He put down the umbrella and took off his coat only to discover that on his clothes, the entirety of the area around his chest was wet. Feeling perplexed, he lowered his head and looked down, only to see that Hobby was shrunk back from his embrace, somberly weeping.
In those big eyes, drops of tears continuously flowed out and Lin Yuan stared blankly for a moment.
......This is the first time he has seen a pet that could cry.
Lin Yuan suddenly felt a burst of pity well up in his heart, his original anger has also all but vanished.
Even though Hobby deserved to be punished, in the end, it was not intentional. He also has part of the blame. If he had told him beforehand that it was medicine, he would have never mistaken it for candy and stolen it.
Yuan saw that all this time he had been upset enough to weep. Since his heart had become soft, he felt he had no other choice but to stroke his ear gently. He said in a low voice: "It's okay, I haven't blamed you...... Be good, go to sleep, alright?" Lin Yuan took Hobby in his arms to the side of his bed and made him a small area to nest in before he also went back to his bed to lie down.
Although there is nothing abnormal about his body, Lin Yuan's heart could not help but feel very uneasy.
During this time, I have always been taking my medicine on time, and I have not felt any problems with my body. What did Dr. Fornt actually mean when he said my constitution is different? Would I immediately fall ill without this medicine? Although I don't know anything about medical science, I have never heard of having this sort of a different constitution that requires to be controlled by taking medicine every single day to prevent illness, ah? What the hell is going on here?
It's currently already half past one, and it's not good to disturb Dr. Fornt in the middle of the night...
Lin Yuan is laying down on the bed, tossing and turning, but still doesn't feel the slightest amount of sleepiness.
Hobby had shrunk himself back from the inside of his own nest and was also completely unable to sleep. His heart was filled with self-blame and sadness. He made trouble and harmed his owner. For pets this was simply an unforgivable sin. The owner had become soft-hearted and no longer scolded him about it, but Hobby nevertheless incomparably hated himself.
However, the medicine that has already been eaten cannot be spit out again......
What should I do now?
The owner tossed and turned over in bed and obviously couldn't fall asleep. Is he uncomfortable? Is he sick?
Hobby was terrified that his owner would be met with a mishap. He wanted to go check on him to put himself at ease, in the end, he mustered up all of his courage to secretly climb up on Lin Yuan's bed and then lightly extends his claws to scratch at the palm of his hand.
Lin Yuan felt the furry paws on the palm of his hand and switched on the light. He saw Hobby's eyes gleaming with tears right away and the fur on his face was entirely soaked with tears. Lin Yuan gave him a smile as he stroked his ear. "It's alright, I already said that I don't blame you, yet you still cry."
Hobby immediately shook his head with all his might.
Lin Yuan quizzically handed the photoelectric tablet to him. "What's going on?"
Hobby wrote with concern: "Owner, you need to go quickly see a doctor! Is your body uncomfortable anywhere?"
Actually, Lin Yuan is somewhat hesitant to think about whether he should go see a doctor or not, but he simply didn't feel any abnormalities in his body. Plus, it is already half past one in the wee hours of the morning. He can't simply call upon a doctor in the middle of the night, only to say "I don't feel unwell, just check me out anyways", right? That kind of thing would get him shooed out by the doctor......
Hobby saw his owner's hesitance and immediately typed: "If you don't want to go see a doctor, you can also ask Caesar for help! He has a mech, and that mech can help you examine a blood sample and if any problems arise it can also check it out! "
Lin Yuan thought about it then said: "It's so late, Caesar should asleep by now, right?"
Hobby hurriedly typed out: "He has always gone to bed very late at night, I've previously observed it."
Just as he finished speaking, he vanished like a wisp of smoke.
Fortunately, Caesar never locked the door from the outside when he went to bed. Hobby immediately knocked his head against Caesar's bedroom door to open it.
Caesar had just been talking over with
Wang Xiong
a good location for their meet up. He had just been planning to sleep when he saw a lump of white hair suddenly slamming the door open with its head and rushing straight in with obvious tear marks on his face.
(
TN
: This is Xiwei's princely title.)
Caesar clutched it up in confusion. "What's wrong? Who is bullying you?"
Hobby immediately picked up the tablet in his hand and bowed his head as he wrote: "Your Royal Highness, I did something wrong, I mistook the owner's medicine as candy and ate it all up......"
It was then followed by a row of crying expressions.
Caesar: "......"
Hobby wrote with tears gleaming in his eyes: "What if the owner is sick? You need to quickly go see him, I am afraid he will be met with a mishap......"
- Medicine? What medicine is Lin Yuan taking? Is he sick?
Caesar was very worried. He did not hesitate to pick up Hobby and walked directly to Lin Yuan's bedroom.
When he walked to the bedroom, he saw Lin Yuan half leaning on the headboard. Caesar put Hobby aside, walked slowly over to Lin Yuan's bedside to sit down. Looking at Lin Yuan, he softly asked, "What happened? Hobby said that he ate your medicine. Are you sick? Is it serious?"
Lin Yuan hesitated for a moment, then said: "Actually, I don't know what the medicine is...... I had a serious illness when I was a child. Dr. Fornt, who was our next door neighbor, saved me. Dr. Fornt said that I had a relatively unusual constitution and my immune system is inherently flawed. I have constantly been using this medication to adjust for years." Lin Yuan paused, and somewhat worriedly said: "I don't usually feel unwell, but if I didn't take medicine, my heartbeat speeds up and my whole body becomes feverish...... Hobby thought the medicine I took was candy. I am afraid that something will go wrong on this trip to the Capital Star."
- Without taking any medicine his heartbeat speeds up and his entire body becomes feverish? What is this strange disease?
Caesar has also never once heard of this kind of disease. Seeing Lin Yuan's pale complexion of his face, Caesar couldn't help but feel a burst of distress well up from his heart and hurriedly said: "Don't be worried now, modern medicine is so developed that a majority of diseases can be completely cured. The Imperial Central Hospital over in the Capital Star has some acquaintances I know, when the time comes I will get you a complete examination." Caesar paused."Do you feel uncomfortable anywhere now?"
Lin Yuan shook his head. "Nothing. "
Caesar was silent for a moment, he then opened his mouth and gave out an order: "White Feather, come out and give Lin Yuan a blood test."
White Feather immediately came out of the space button and turned into its white humanoid mech form, it excitedly took a drop of blood from Lin Yuan's vein. The little blood sample was taken in for the examination and analyzed, then the data was quickly brought out neatly arranged in columns. "Master, Master! The results of the lab tests are completely normal and no toxins whatsoever are found in the blood sample! There are no problems in any of the biochemical indicators of liver function and kidney function! While I was at it, I also measured his heart rate, pulse, and respiratory rate and found no problems there either! Lin Yuan is indeed an extraordinarily healthy human! Every bit of data falls within the expected standard!"
Lin Yuan: " ...... "
Caesar helplessly said: "Okay, you can go back. "
The pesky White Feather was put back into the space button, Caesar then took the pure white space button that he wore on his wrist, and handed it over to Lin Yuan.
Lin Yuan lifted his head to look at him in disbelief.
Caesar spoke in a low voice "Let White Feather accompany you so that if any problems arise in your health, it can be there to immediately discover it. White Feather has an automatic function of detecting and analyzing the vital signs of its host."
Lin Yuan: "......"
Among the C-class mechs, to possess this kind of ability is undoubtedly among the finest mech. The selling price of such a mech certainly exceeds more than 500,000 crystal coins. With such a precious mech, Caesar actually handed it over so quickly, Lin Yuan suddenly did not know what he should say.
- For many humans, mechs are more than just their belongings.
- Especially the kind of mech that follows its master for many years, it can be regarded as the master's closest companion.
Caesar surprisingly, without the slightest hesitation, lent White Feather to him and Lin Yuan could not help but feel somewhat moved from the bottom of his heart.
Lin Yuan said nothing for a moment, then said: "You're passing over such a thing...... Can I?"
The passed over thing, White Feather, was actually very happy and shouted: "Lin Yuan quickly accept! I will take very good care of you!"
Caesar suddenly smiled, he gently pulled up Lin Yuan's hand, adjusting the mech space button to fit the size of his wrist, then carefully placing it on his wrist. He softly said: "If you accept beforehand, you will have White Feather to look after you and I can be more at ease."
Lin Yuan: "......"
Seeing Lin Yuan's manner of drooping his head down embarrassed and at a complete loss, Caesar's gaze could not help but become gentle and soft. "Don't worry, tomorrow morning we will leave for the Capital Star. After we arrive, I will immediately take you to the hospital for a comprehensive examination. The Capital Star's medical science level is very high, even if you really have immune system disease, the doctors can give you the corresponding medicine."
Lin Yuan looked at his wrist where the pure white space button was, his heart was overflowing with warmth, but he still does not know what he should say.
Caesar used his hand to give him comforting pats on his back. "Well, lay your worries to rest and go to sleep. We will get up early tomorrow morning."
Lin Yuan silent for a moment before nodding and saying "En."
Caesar stood up and turned his body to leave when Lin Yuan suddenly opened his mouth and said: "Caesar, thank you."
Turning his head back and looking towards the sincere gaze of Lin Yuan, Caesar's heart went soft, he could not help but think - there is no need for you to say thank you, to protect you, is something I originally wanted to do the most.
***
Once Caesar left, Lin Yuan touched the space button on his wrist and finally let out a long sigh of relief.
To tell the truth, he was genuinely worried before, particularly worried that his health would give him problems and would affect the competition. If it was a single-player game, it wouldn't matter if he didn't get the award, but this time it is a team competition where he is acting on behalf of the school. If his personal problems end up affecting the school's achievement record, Lin Yuan would simply have no face to come back and see the principal.
However, a few comforting sentences from Caesar surprisingly miraculously dispelled all of the insecurity in Lin Yuan's heart.
Lin Yuan looked back and saw Hobby who was nestled at the edge of the bed, who withdrew from a guilty conscience. He couldn't help but poke at his big ears. He smiled and said, "Come on now, don't blame yourself. This time you cannot be entirely at fault here. I should have been more clear and told you earlier that it was actually medicine, alright...... You called Caesar over, that can be considered to balance out your rights and wrongs. I'm not angry at you. Just in the future, don't go around eating anything you see."
......owner, are you forgiving me?
Hobby anxiously looked at Lin Yuan, up at Lin Yuan's smile, and immediately nodded happily.
Lin Yuan thought about it and said, "I am going to Cepheus with Caesar tomorrow. I can't take you with me to this competition. It seems that Snow wants to stay here and experiment. I will hand you over to Snow then. You have to be well-behaved and do what he says."
Hobby obediently nodded his head.
Lin Yuan finally let go of his worries, he puts Hobby back in his nest, and he also lays himself back on his bed and falls asleep.
Strangely enough, after Caesar came to comfort him, Lin Yuan who had been tossing and turning and completely unable to sleep, unexpectedly became at ease and could sleep until dawn.
***Inside the next bedroom, Snow is preparing to leave for the Space Station.
Just as he began walking to his bedroom door, he heard voices conversing coming from outside the door, it seemed as if Caesar was talking a bit about something to Lin Yuan.
- It's almost two o'clock, why are they still not asleep?
Since some people in the dormitory aren't asleep yet, Snow does not feel good about wearing this attire and walking straight out the door.
Slightly wrinkling his brows together, he locked in the door, turned and pulled open the window, and from the inside of his sleeve, pulled out an extremely fine metal wire. He secured the hooked part on the edge of his window and the other end was wrapped tightly around his hand.
Snow took a deep breath and suddenly leaped up, turned his body over, and jumped out!
His supple and strong body quickly slid down along the metal wire, both of his feet in the leather boots tread on the side of the wall to make a few clever buffers, and then - settled steadily on the ground!
Snow looked up towards the direction of his bedroom, he flicked his finger and pulled the metal wire back into his sleeve before he turned and left.
In the dead of night under the rain, a single teenager draped from head to toe in black clothing wore a gigantic hat, covering a head full of soft platinum-blond hair. He walked quickly toward the space station with a wooden expression. His cold and indifferent back quickly disappeared into the dark of the night.
***
The following morning, Lin Yuan, Caesar, and Brian got up very early.
Because Cepheus is about to hold the 600th anniversary of the Empire, the celebration has begun to make waves. The spacecraft from the Po Military Star to the constellation of Cepheus has finally increased to two flights a day. One flight sets off at 2:30 in the wee hours of the morning and arrives at 12:30 in the afternoon. There is another one in the morning, the flight sets off at 8:00 and arrives at 6 in the afternoon. The distance from the Po Military Star to the constellation of Cepheus requires a full ten hours of navigating.
Lin Yuan and Caesar go to follow after the school team. Brian had booked his own ticket and so the three of them were all on the 8:00 a.m. spacecraft flight.
After getting up at half past six, the three took out some food from the refrigerator to have breakfast. Lin Yuan held Hobby and wanted to hand him over to Snow. Brian also wanted to bid farewell to Snow. The two went up to Snow's door and knocked on it. But a long time passed with no response.
Lin Yuan asked: "Is Snow still asleep?"
Brian said: "His routine is very consistent. He wakes up very early every day. Should we wake him up then?"
After he finished speaking, he felt himself grow curious and wanted to push the door open, but he found that the door had been locked from the inside.
Lin Yuan smiled and said: "Today's a vacation, he probably wants to sleep a little while longer, don't disturb him."
Brian thought for a moment and said, "It looks to be that way, Snow has to do experiments during these days. I reckon that there would be no time to take care of Hobby. You hand Hobby over to me. I'll take him along with me to Cepheus, it'd be no trouble if I took care of him for a few days."
Hobby immediately began shaking his head desperately.
Don't joke around, if I went back to the Capital Star, and I was found out by Queen Anna. I'd be seized and taken back into the laboratory for breeding......
Lin Yuan glanced at him shaking his head as if his life depended on it and completely ignored it. In the end, he handed him directly over into Brian's hands. He then poked his big ears and said: "You don't want to make more trouble for me."
"......" Sure enough, Lin Yuan's sentence has a great deterrent force behind it and Hobby immediately became quiet.
Brian didn't know at all that Hobby was Queen Anna's pet. When he saw him aggrievedly drooping his head, he couldn't help but smile and say: "Rest assured, I never used to abuse any pets. I have to go to my house and have fun for a few days. I will make you some delicious food."
Hobby's dejectedly nestled himself into Brian's embrace without speaking another word and in his heart, he countlessly prayed that he would never be discovered by the Queen......
***
At 8 o'clock in the morning, everyone passed through the interstellar gateway check and boarded the Pearl No. 097. Interstellar Spacecraft.
Lin Yuan, Caesar and two of the top ten seniors from the mech control department entered into a cabin. Lin Yuan took the initiative to greet them and that group of people soon became familiar with each other. They chatted about the topic of mech operation along the way. Time went by quickly without them realizing it and suddenly it became afternoon.
After executing a space jump, the spacecraft finally reached the capital star of Cepheus- Sheffield.
Lin Yuan excitedly threw open the side-window inside the cabin and went to the window to see the view outside.
Unlike the frigid cold of the Rennes planet and the sweltering heat of the Po Military Star, the capital of the Empire, Sheffield, has four seasons like spring, a warm climate that is best-suited for human habitation.
From a far-away universe, a great distance away, this planet is like a water-blue crystal suffused with the glossy luster of gems, surrounded by a few small silvery white moons that rotate around it in an orbital pattern, surrounded by white nebulae underneath it. This planet has the same hazy beauty of dreamland that resides in the middle of clouds and mist.
One of Lin Yuan's original purposes for entering himself into the examination for the military academy was to be able to share a house in the Capital Star in the future, taking his mother and sister to come live here. At this moment, looking at the Capital Star right in front of his eyes, Lin Yuan's heart was unspeakably excited.
After landing at the Sheffield Space Station, Brian went to his home and Caesar and Lin Yuan followed after the team and Instructor Knox. The ten participating contestants rode together in a large suspension car and were going straight towards the hotel booked well in advance.
Throughout the entire journey, Lin Yuan has been curiously watching the scenery outside. Various kinds of high-grade suspension cars are arranged in the sky's stratification and operated neatly in succession to one another. Along the streets, one could almost not see the tops of the high-rise buildings and seeing the bright, colorful lights on the roadside would make the whole world shine as bright as day. Lin Yuan's heart couldn't help but lament - the Capital Star is indeed too prosperous!
The suspension car arrived at the hotel very quickly.
The Grand Royale Hotel is one of the most famous seven-star rated hotels in Sheffield. The Mech Association has always spent money generously. The students who participate in the National Finals each year are arranged here because it is the closest hotel to the stadium.
The rooms in the hotel are suspended in the air, like a Ferris wheel of the ancient earth era.
After conducting the check-in procedure at the lobby on the first floor, a specialized airship will take the guests and their luggage up to the airborne rooms. Knox booked 5 standard double rooms and allocated two to a room, arranging acquaintances together. Lin Yuan and Caesar were naturally arranged in the same room.
When he returned to the room, Caesar walked up to Knox and said: "Instructor, I want to go out to see a friend with Lin Yuan tonight."
Knox nodded and said seriously: "This is Lin Yuan's first time in the Capital Star, pay attention to his safety when you take him out, remember to gather at 9 a.m. tomorrow."
Caesar nodded: "I know."
The two returned to their room together and put their luggage down. Lin Yuan could not help but walk over to the window. Looking at the streets and pedestrians beneath his feet, he excitedly said: "It feels really good to live up in the sky!"
This floating hotel utilizes the forces of gravity to fix the room in the sky. There is also a layer of transparent windows up on the ceiling. After partitioning the transparent window, you can directly see an array of celestial matter and stars in the sky and feel very close to the sky. When it rains, you can also see the beautiful scenery of the rain slowly sliding down the transparent roof.
Of course, this kind of floating hotel is very expensive to build and is extraordinarily costly to run, and it is hard to see on a remote planet. Lin Yuan obviously has never stayed in this kind of floating hotel before, so living in a room in the air, his eyes are full of excitement and curiosity.
Caesar walked over to him and smiled as he said, "Go and change your clothes. My brother has already arrived at the restaurant. Let's go meet him first. After eating dinner, we can go to the hospital and give you a thorough check through."
Lin Yuan immediately nodded, "Okay."
Lin Yuan took the clothes and turned towards the bathroom to change. When he walked out the door, he discovered that Caesar was right in the middle of changing his clothes next to the wardrobe.
——The boy in front of him has a healthy honey-colored skin, the exposed skin of his entirely bare body is finely defined, the proportion of his body with his broad shoulders and long legs is close to perfection, on his abdomen, there are six perfectly sculpted abdominal muscles, which are illuminated by the lighting in the room. Even the muscles on his arms are brimming with power and beauty.
Lin Yuan was momentarily stunned and quickly removed his gaze.
They are both boys, and they are also roommates who have known each other for a very long time. It should be a very common picture to see the other person changing clothes. But without knowing why, for a split second, the strong and rich pheromone smell spread through the air being emitted by Caesar's Alpha body s, caused Lin Yuan to suddenly feel his scalp numb, his heartbeat stalled, and there was even a strange lustful desire surging up violently from the deepest parts in his body.
Caesar quickly changed his clothes and smiled as he said: "Are you ready? Let's go."
After he finished talking, he took the initiative and walked over to grab Lin Yuan's shoulder to take him out. However, Lin Yuan abruptly grabbed Caesar's wrist and shook it off as hard as he could!
......in the air, it begins to inexplicably exude the smell of a sweet Omega pheromone.
Caesar halted his breathing, and when he turned his head back, he saw that Lin Yuan's complexion had some unnatural flushing, his eyelashes continuously fluttered, and his breathing became distinctly hurried. Caesar suddenly became rigid. "What happened to you?"
Lin Yuan clenched his fist tightly, his voice slightly trembled and he said: "I...... I do not feel well......"
He immediately stepped back and wanted to run back into the bathroom and avoid the range of the influence of Caesar's pheromones.
However, just after he moved two steps back, there was a sudden burst of an intense heat bubbling forth and flowing throughout his body. The heat flow began to rush directly toward the sensitive part of his lower body. Lin Yuan's knees unexpectantly softened and he nearly fell on the floor.
Caesar immediately and deftly stepped forward. He reached out and supported him. He worriedly asked: "Where do you not feel well? Why is your complexion so unsightly......"
Caesar gently felt out Lin Yuan's forehead with his hand and found his body temperature was terribly high.
Lin Yuan in the throes of pain tries to avoid Caesar's touch. In the depths of the body, it seems that a violent wild animal is frantically screeching and trying to think of ways to break through the layer of imprisonment. Lin Yuan is weakened by the heat flowing through his body. There is no longer much to say about his strength, even the sight in front of his eyes is gradually beginning to grow fuzzy.
His body grows hotter and hotter, while his mind also grows increasingly dizzy.
Being held in Caesar's embrace, Lin Yuan's whole body was trembling and he was also practically unable to speak.
The smell of Omega pheromone in the air grows richer and richer. Caesar finally reached the last of his patience: "White Feather!"
White feather immediately came out of the space button and stuttered out: "Ma-Ma-Ma-Master! I-I-I I have discovered the presence of an Omega pheromone in his blood, pheromone concentration data is 8.5mg / L., This must be due to my smart center malfunctioning, I-I am re-testing......"
Caesar frowned and said: "Hurry up and give me the test results!"
"Yes! Yes!" Bai Yu sped up the test. After a few seconds, he was once again shocked and said: "It's-It's-It's still 8.5 mg/L.! How could this be! Isn't he a Beta? How can there be Omega pheromones in his body, ahhhhh? "
Caesar looked at the person in his arms in surprise.
The delicate and pretty face of the boy is completely flushed red, the eyelashes are incessantly fluttering, and this abnormally high temperature of the body......
- This is not an illness at all!
- This is obviously a precursor to an Omega's estrus!
Suddenly, Caesar's mood felt complicated.
It turned out that my nose has never had a problem!
Obviously, Lin Yuan is an Omega that has injected an inhibitor to hide his identity!
Lin Yuan was in a daze and only perceived that he was being carried in Caesar's embrace. In his fuzzy line of sight was the abstruse eyes of Caesar, his ears picked up a muffled voice, and it seemed as if it carried a trace of a complicated emotion: "Lin Yuan, are you an Omega?!"
Lin Yuan's addled mind has already completely made whatever he was saying to him inaudible.
The good smell coming from Caesar's body made Lin Yuan instinctively made him unable to help to want to get closer. Lin Yuan stretched out his trembling hands and lightly pulled at the clothes on Caesar's chest. "Caesar......I ......I don't feel well..."
The smell of Omega pheromones in the air grew more intense!
Caesar's face slightly changed, he took a deep breath to calm himself down, and then directly picked up Lin Yuan, going straight towards the mech still in a daze, said: " White Feather, immediately purify the air! Change forms and let us into the cockpit!"
White Feather liveliness came back, it immediately purified the air inside of the room and then sent the two directly into its cockpit.
Caesar calmly said: "Go back to the Imperial Palace!"
"Yes! Master!"
The pure white mech bound upwards and flew out directly from the open porthole on the roof, while simultaneously unfolding its huge pair of wings. At the fastest possible speed, it flew in the direction of the Lacey Empire's Imperial Palace!
(
TN
: Just a braindead translator right here who translated for like 12 hours straight~ Next chapter won't be explicit smut (just some kisses and such), but don't worry! It is out there! Pinky promise! Anyways I'm going on a trip on Thursday so if the next one takes something like 5 days to come out that's why, but I'll try to get it out soon since its such a cliffie!)
Chapter 041: Breaking Through the Imperial Palace
The distance between the Royale Hotel and the Imperial Palace is very far, practically more than half of the distance spanning the Sheffield Star. It would take more than an hour to reach the destination at the speed of a suspension car. However, White Feather is an S-class mech, and its flying speed can transcend even the speed of light. Caesar permits White Feather to immediately employ its highest speed and forge ahead, they end up reaching the location of the Lacey Empire's Imperial Palace in less than three minutes.
Under the curtain of night, the Imperial Palace is solemn as well as serene. One pure white building after another are constructed and carved into the shape of pentagons to resemble a manmade star Atlus to shine along with the twinkling group of celestial bodies in the sky. The warm yellow lights illuminate the entire Imperial Palace into being just as brightly lit as you would normally see it in the daytime. Wearing pure white military uniforms, the Royal Guard Squadron frequently walks throughout the Imperial Palace.
The seemingly tranquil and peaceful Imperial Palace is actually brimming with crises. There are at least three layers of high-intensity electromagnetic defense nets surrounding the Imperial Palace. Foreign vehicles and mechs that rashly intrude upon the Imperial Palace without passing through the inspection and verification will only be met with those invisible defense nets and twisted into pieces!
As a Prince, Caesar naturally possesses a pass to enter the Imperial Palace.
However, as soon as White Feather entered the boundary of the Imperial Palace, he was directly faced with the Royal Guards who were currently on call to maintain the security of the Imperial Palace!
Hundreds of silver-white Royal Guard warships suddenly assumed an encircling position and quickly gathered their power together, precisely pointing their cannons at White Feather!
White Feather had to suspend itself high up in the air!
Caesar faintly knit his brows together and directly connected to the Captain's commandership of the Royal Guard Squadron through an internal password. His face was completely calm as he said: "
Admiral
Regg, it's me."
(
TN
: Admiral as in captain of a ship like in the navy. Equivalent to the rank of general, the ships that they are use the characters for naval vessel/warships and never referred to as mechs. Also, Air Marshal could have been another possibility, but since there's already Marshal Rosen I didn't want to use Marshal again.)
- Royal Guard Squadron Captain Regg, is ranked on an equal footing to the top four-star generals within the Army's main forces, however, he does not participate whatsoever in the Ministry of Military Affairs. They were only in charge of protecting the safety of the members of the royal family members and only took orders personally from His Majesty, Trent.
This Royal Guard Squadron was formed just as early as the beginning and founding of the Empire. The main part of the Squadron consists entirely of strong and robust Alpha elites and following the death of the older generation of guards, to follow, their descendants continue to inherit their positions to ensure the Royal Guard Squadron's absolute loyalty to the royal family.
Appearing on the projection screen was the handsome and profound facial features of the Royal Guard Squadron's Captain. He had no expression whatsoever on his face. He nodded to Caesar and said flatly: "Your Royal Highness Caesar, I know it is you. However, all who enter the Imperial Palace in a vehicle or mech are all required to pass through a strict inspection. I implore you to cooperate with the Royal Guard Squadron and carry out a routine scanning of White Feather."
Caesar: "......"
To enter the Imperial Palace, the personnel does a routine inspection, this has been an established rule of the Imperial Palace for a long time now. But with today's situation, Caesar cannot allow himself to abide by this rule! Once the Guard Squadron comes to inspect White Feather, they will soon find that in the cockpit of White Feather, apart from His Royal Highness is also an Omega on the verge of entering estrus!
Not to mention that the Guard Squadron is entirely all Alpha, Caesar simply can't expose Lin Yuan's current condition at this moment in front of everyone!
Looking back at Lin Yuan who was sitting on the sofa, the agonizing youth was encompassed with lustful desire as desperately broken moans fell from his gaping mouth. His whole body was entirely flushed a seductive red and because of his restless struggling, the buttons on his clothing had even been torn open, exposing a wide expanse of a fair chest......
Caesar will absolutely not present Lin Yuan like this and send him over to face the Royal Guards to receive an examination from that crowd of Alphas! What's more, with Admiral Regg's temperament, he will also absolutely never allow Caesar to bring a stranger into the Imperial Palace!
Caesar creased his brows together in displeasure and with a cold face said: "I have a very urgent matter to attend to. If you don't let me, I will have no other choice but to harshly break through! If my Royal Father asks, I take all the responsibility for any consequences! - White Feather!"
"Yes!", hearing the master's order, White Feather immediately switched on its full body attack system. Hidden under its wings was a gigantic light energy cannon which was directly aimed at the Royal Guard Squadron's Captain Regg's command warship!
- The people of the Royal Guard Squadron immediately looked at each other in dismay.
It's just a routine inspection, nothing more. Everyone who enters the Imperial Palace will be subject to inspection. What's going on with His Royal Highness today? To go so far as to actually permit White Feather to open the highest level of an S-class mech light energy cannon attack system?
Caesar simply had no time to explain to them.
Lin Yuan's situation is
pressing in on one's eyelashes
, if this drags on any further, he will definitely be sure to completely enter his estrus cycle......
(
TN
: Imminently urgent.)
No longer wasting any more time speaking to them, Caesar immediately pilots White Feather to forcibly break through the Royal Guard Squadron's encirclement!
The formidable might of the S-class mech made the Royal Guard Squadron's warships not dare to rashly advance forward. Both sides were thrown in a deadlock for a moment. White Feather finally saw an opportunity, abruptly launched up and flew directly into a high altitude of tens of thousands of meters in the airs, and simultaneously withdrew from the scope of the Royal Guard Squadron. The direction toward
Caesar's Palace
is directly flown at the fastest possible speed before the Royal Guards could respond to the abrupt perpendicular descent!
(
TN
: Yep. He has his own palace. Rich kid confirmed.)
Coming in through the roof porthole to directly land inside of the Palace, White Feather immediately ejected the cockpit placing its Master and Lin Yuan on the ground. Caesar without the slightest hesitation initiated the highest order and immediately switched on the Palace's external total isolation system!
The exterior of the Palace where Caesar lived was immediately surrounded by a thick layer of metal without a single gap in its coverage.
This kind of metal is made of special materials, even if it is bombarded by light energy cannons it can come out completely unscathed. It was meant to only be turned on during a situation of extreme crisis where it can block the attack of any weapons and thereby safeguarding all of the personnel inside of the Imperial Palace.
By the time that the Royal Guard Squadron had finished hurridly chasing after him and managed to make it over, they found right away that Palace of His Royal Highness Prince IV had the emergency isolation system of the highest defense mode turned on -this is practically a black alert that the Imperial Palace will only launch when it encounters an enemy attack!
Everyone was suddenly dumbstruck.
Regg looked at the Palace in the highest defense mode in front of him. He looked towards the intelligent communication device in front of him and coldly ordered: "Prince Caesar forcibly broke into the Imperial Palace, immediately inform His Majesty!"
"Understood!" The intelligent spheroid communicator in front of him began to spin at high speed and went up.
***
Emperor's
XX
Department, within the Central Council Hall.
(
TN
: Censored or left out for whatever reason.)
His Majesty Trent, Marshal Rosen, the five-star and four-star top generals of the Empire, and as well as all of the representatives of the Military Department all being gathered together is extremely rare. Because of this, the personnel is fully manned, such a grand scene naturally has a major resolution that needs to be voted on.
Such a large conference room is nearly packed full of people.
The celebration held every 100 years is holding an upcoming ceremonial military parade, this has been a traditional event ever since the founding of the Empire.
The military parade for the upcoming 600th-anniversary celebration is even grander than the previous ones. The Empire's six major Legions - Glory, Hydra,
Blue Nebula
, Star,
Comet
,
Dark Moon
- will pass through the Central Star field one after another, showing off the latest military equipment to the people. His Majesty Trent and important members of the Military Department will face the major legions and conduct a military review.
(
TN
: Taking some creative liberties with three of the names. 幽蓝 (Blue Nebula), 流光 (Comet), and 月影 (Dark Moon) are changed up a bit. I just made the names sound better in English, but closer translations would have been Remote/Serene Blue, Streamer (Of light), and Moon Shadow. If you have any input or opinions feel free to leave a comment below and I'll take it into consideration~)
The Central Star region has deliberately set aside an unused area for the public to watch, while the TV channels throughout the Empire will be broadcasting live from the spot.
Such a grand large-scale celebration must absolutely not allow any accidents to occur, in particular, the public security field must pay great attention!
This fully manned general assembly is for this final vote on the detailed process proposal for the ceremonial military parade.
The detailed process of the military parade was actually determined as early as the beginning of this year. No more than one week before the celebration, some details were slightly revised and even though they were minute changes, it still required the higher-ups in the Military Department and His Majesty's ultimate verification.
The detailed process was issued out on the electronic screen in the hands of all the members and the voting session was carried out in a tense and orderly manner......
Right at this moment, the space button on the wrist of His Majesty, Trent suddenly produced a slight, almost unnoticeable vibration. The master and mech interlinked and Trent right away understood the news that
King Lion
wanted to report -
(
TN
: Yep, that's what it is, hard not hearing Lion King when I type it out lol. This was the fourth S-class mech made by Mr. Aston mentioned in a previous chapter.)
Just a moment ago, Caesar piloted White Feather, breaking through the encirclement of the Royal Guard Squadron and forcibly charged into the Imperial Palace!
Trent lightly scowled.
The conference was very quickly finished up. After leaving the high-rise Military Department building, His Majesty, Trent immediately called King Lion out and with a calm and collected look, ordered: "Quickly go back to the Imperial Palace!"
King Lion raised no objections and immediately let His Majesty enter into the cockpit and rocketed up.
The pure gold mech flies through the sky just like a dazzling and resplendent golden meteor that streaks across the night sky!
***
Inside the Fourth Prince's Palace.
Caesar took Lin Yuan back to his bedroom and gently placed him on his bed.
Lin Yuan's whole body was emitting heat, his consciousness was also in a daze. In his body, waves after waves of heat wracks his body, making his limbs limp and powerless. From the deepest depths of his body, there was a strange feeling emptiness, making him desperately long to be held in a person's embrace......
What the hell is going on here?
Lin Yuan was a bit at a loss, the strange limp and numbness in his limbs felt like ants were nibbling and nipping at the inside of his body, it felt absolutely unbearable underneath his clothes so he couldn't help but to desperately move his hands and tear at his clothes and pants.
Soon enough, the buttons on his shirt were ripped off by him and fell down, the fair skin exposed under the widely opened lapel quickly become coated with an alluring flush. His pants were half pulled down and hangs loosely wrinkled around his knees. Under the pure white briefs, the distinct outline of his inexperienced length had already stood up.
—Looking at Lin Yuan like this, Caesar's heartbeat has almost stopped!
The fragrant sweetness of the rich Omega pheromones in the air is undoubtedly challenging his rationality!
Let alone, lying on his bed is the person who he has secretly liked for a very long time. Also, Lin Yuan's not at all aware how captivating he is in this state......
I want to embrace him, I want to take him completely......
But, here in this kind of circumstance, he simply cannot go embrace Lin Yuan!
An Omega's love-making period will persist for around 3-7 days and while in the love-making period, one can receive a carefree and uninhibited rounds of sexual pleasure, however, tomorrow will be the competitions pre-training and the official competition is in three days. This is one time only per year National Finals! He and Lin Yuan are acting as the crown champion and runner-up of the schools mech competition. They are representing the school to participate in the National Finals. If at this time, they are met with a mishap, they'll certainly be sure to take the consequences upon themselves!
The result of a momentary impulse would end up with both of them being punished by the school for not attending the competition......
This is in no way Lin Yuan's desired results, nor the situation that Caesar wants to see.
Lin Yuan has always been so earnest and put forth such great effort. In order to prepare for this competition, he practiced very late every day. The whole month of hard work should not be completely in vain. Regardless for what reason he had mixed himself into the military academy, Caesar only knows that he should protect him. Otherwise, once Lin Yuan's Omega identity is exposed, it will definitely attract countless troubles toward him!
In those years, General Ling Yu was already the head of the entire Dark Night Legion and a member of the Military Legislative Assembly. There were countless loyal and devoted high-ranking officers under his command, but because of his identity as an Omega violated the Military Departments law, he was then written out of the military registry and sentenced to lifelong house arrest......
Presently, Lin Yuan has nothing to rely on, he is merely a powerless cadet with no authority, and that's all. Once his identity as an Omega sneaking himself into the military academy is exposed, the Military Department will definitely discipline him even more severely!
Fortunately, as a Prince, Caesar has received Omega pheromone resistance training. In this kind of situation, he can use his resolute willpower to resist against his instincts...... However, the smell of Lin Yuan's pure pheromone nearly makes Caesar begin to crumble. He can only use even more intense pain to barely preserve his rationality.
Caesar violently forces his fingernails into the palm of his hand and his palm was quickly dripping with blood......
The stabbing pain let him retrieve a trace of reason, Caesar immediately turned around to find the transparent injection fluid inside the sealed cabinet.
His elder brother is an Omega and ever since the start of his estrus cycle, he has been continuously injecting Omega pheromone inhibitors since the age of eighteen. A single inhibitor has been stored in Caesar's Palace to prepare for sudden outbursts in the case of an emergency.
It had been originally prepared for his elder brother, I never expected to suddenly use it on Lin Yuan's body today.
Caesar took a deep breath and with great difficulty, resisted the intense impulses in his body. He went over to the bedside to sit down, and gently lifted Lin Yuan up.
Lin Yuan smelled the closeness of the Alpha's presence and immediately seized Caesar's arm. He looked as if he was seeking out warmth and leaned his entire body into Caesar's embrace. He reached out his arms and hugged him lightly.
"I...... so uncomfortable......"
Lin Yuan was completely inexperienced in this respect. He could only instinctively rub against the Alpha's embrace, his hands indiscriminately touching him, and his soft lips could not help but go over and kiss Caesar's lips.
"......" Caesar felt that the strings of his sanity almost snapped.
Holding his breath to keep himself calm, Caesar grabbed Lin Yuan's arm and injected the inhibitor into Lin Yuan's vein.
However, Lin Yuan did not settle down because of this. The strong sense of emptiness in the body has made him lose his sense of reason. The good smell of the Alpha in front of him makes Lin Yuan want to get closer and closer!
Lin Yuan clung tightly to Caesar and buried himself in Caesar's embrace. Feeling unwell, he begins recklessly stroke him and kiss him..
Caesar is almost completely collapsed.
This is absolutely the most dreadful omega pheromone resistance training since the beginning of history......
"......White Feather." Caesar's breathing is unstable and his voice has also become rough. "Quickly test the concentration of pheromone in his body."
White Feather hurriedly went forward to take a drop of Lin Yuan's blood for testing, and soon brought out the result: "It is 8.7mg / L.!"
Once the pheromone concentration in an Omega's body exceeds 9.0, it will officially enter the love-making phase.
Once the estrus cycle has started, it is unable to stop. Even if at that moment, the medicine is injected, it will be useless. You can only find an Alpha to come mark him and completely possess him. Otherwise, Omega will lose all reason and frantically hurt his own body.
The omega pheromone in Lin Yuan's body is getting higher and higher, just a moment ago it was 8.5, but now it is still continuously rising to 8.7 even after the injection of medicine, this is not a good phenomenon.
Caesar was silent for a moment, before he finally took a deep breath, hugged Lin Yuan, and kissed him with great force!
In that split second of touching the soft lips of the youth, Caesar's back suddenly felt an intense burst of numbness suddenly rush and spread throughout his entire body, and the rational wall in his mind was approaching a crisis, and his lower body was hard enough to be painful......
calm... need to stay calm...
Caesar was desperately giving orders to himself in the bottom of his heart, while lifting up Lin Yuan's chin and deepening the kiss.
Caesar is very clear that he is just doing this to pacify him......
Because Lin Yuan desperately needs to release all his pent up desire, in this case, kissing and stroking his hard length will give the Omega's body a little bit of comfort and satisfaction. The pheromone in his body needs to stabilize first and as long as the time for the drug to work is enough......
However, when I kiss Lin Yuan, I don't want to stop.
The fierce conflict between reason and instinct made Caesar's temples feel a burst of pain, and a certain lower part of his was almost hard enough to burst!
The youth's soft lips, his inexperienced mouth, his warm smell, were even countless times more beautiful than in his dreamland.
Lin Yuan, who is in an absent-minded state is extremely obedient. He does not resist at all, instead, he delightfully embraces Caesar due to the close proximity of the Alpha pheromones. His unpracticed tongue actively probes the Alpha in front of him. Their two mouths are suddenly filled with the taste of each other. The pheromone on their bodies also began to rapidly intertwine.
This kind of intertagling of saliva from the French kiss makes every pore on his entire body feel well enough to make him almost want to scream......
So much so that he's itching to immediately throw him down and completely take him......
The color of Caesar's eyes grows increasingly darker, his kissing has also become even more passionate, wrapping around Lin Yuan's tongue and repeatedly sucking and kissing him senseless into a moaning mess. He flipped him over and climbed over on top of him only to feel Lin Yuan's thigh begin incessantly rubbing against that certain part of his. Lin Yuan's unconscious and untrained response greatly stimulated Caesar and nearly made him go out of control!
No good, I can't kiss like this anymore......
Caesar suddenly grabbed the needle that he had just used to inject the inhibitor into Lin Yuan and used all of his might to stab it into his palm!
The hollow of his palm has already long since been badly mangled and mutilated, but the severe pain from the needle piercing into him finally drew back Caesar's rationality.
Caesar took a deep breath to let himself calm down as much as possible. He looked down at the bulge in Lin Yuan's underwear before slipping his hand in and with his unwounded right hand, lightly grasped that sensitive place and gave it a few quick tugs.
"......mmm......."
A satisfied sigh immediately spilled out of Lin Yuan's mouth and his hands both tightly held onto Caesar's shoulders.
Caesar's right hand began to skillfully stroke up and down along his fully erect member, Lin Yuan's breathing began to break out into hearty moans which immediately began raising in urgency.
It was the first time that the inexperienced 18-year-old had ever encountered such an intense situation. Because of Lin Yuan's high fever and his extreme delirium, he entirely did not know what he should do. He was forced to instinctively hold the person in front of him.
Caesar's warm kiss and his skillful ministrations along his erect length made Lin Yuan's whole body feel as comfortable as if he was high up in the clouds.
With Caesar's fast-paced strokes along the entirety of his shaft, very quickly, Lin Yuan gave in and released directly into the other party's hand.
After coming down from the aftershocks of his climax, Lin Yuan finally became somewhat content and no longer flailed about.
Caesar asked White Feather to test his pheromone value again and it remained at 8.7, it neither rose or fell.
......this is not the way to go.
Relying on a short kiss to placate omega perhaps would ordinarily work, but for Omega who is almost faced with an estrus cycle, this sort of approach is like giving a few drops of rain to a person in a barren desert, it cannot quench their thirst.
When Omega is rapidly approaching estrus, they will have more and more intense desires for an Alpha......
Caesar is silent for a moment before finally building up a firm resolution in his heart and gently lifting up Lin Yuan's face.
In this situation, he had a large absence of any preparation before being faced with an estrus cycle and his high fever has left him delirious. As an Omega, Lin Yuan apparently has lost his sense of reason and even his pair of clear and beautiful eyes can not even find any focus in their focal length.
The person he is in love with is unexpectantly an Omega and also in this unwilling situation by the sudden appearance of an estrus cycle.
Caesar couldn't help but sympanthizingly stroke Lin Yuan's sweat-soaked hair and gently kissed his forehead. With a hoarse yet tender voice, he said: "Lin Yuan......I'm sorry......"
Lin Yuan looked blankly in front of him, he entirely did not hear the apologetic tone of Caesar.
Caesar lightly sighed and let Lin Yuan lower his head. Underneath his slender and white neck, there was the concealed place for the Omega's gland. Caesar softly touched that place with his hand and no longer hesitating...... bit down as hard as he could!
His hard teeth pierced through the soft skin and veins. The Alpha and Omega pheromones immediately began to mix together!
Such a strong stimulation made Lin Yuan's body suddenly tremble violently, frantically struggling to escape, but was forced to stay in place by Caesar.
Caesar's teeth once again clamped down and at the position of the nape of his neck, he quickly left a deep mark that could not be erased.
This is the ceremony of an Alpha marking his own Omega......
This kind of a mark will give the Omega the scent of the Alpha.
The temporary mark can be preserved for at least three months and after those three months, the mark will disappear. In the case that one would want to be completely marked, to do so requires you to formally do it with your partner, make love, spend the entire estrus period together, and then release your seed and knot into the receiving party......
Caesar cannot completely mark Lin Yuan given the situation, so he has no other choice but to do this kind of temporary way of marking. By doing so allows him to strongly press down Lin Yuan's sexual desire. Even though this was the case, he was forcibly marked without his knowledge, so Caesar would be sure to apologize.
- Sorry, for marking you under these circumstances without your consent, to only just temporarily suppress your estrus.
—I hope that you can participate in your beloved mech competition. I hope that you can win Vermillion Bird with your own strength.
- If this is unacceptable to you after you become clear-headed, I am willing to bear all the consequences.
Caesar softly looked at Lin Yuan and somewhat of his distressfully stretched out his fingers and gently caressed the distinct imprint of the mark on the nape of his neck.
For Omega, caressing the mark on the nape of their neck by their Alpha is the most direct and effective way to comfort them.
Sure enough, the marked Lin Yuan, under the comfort of Caesar, finally gradually began to stop struggling.
The chaotic impulses inside of his body started to become stable and the effect of the inhibitor quickly stats being effective. The concentration of the pheromone begins to slowly decrease and soon finally falls below 7.0.
Lin Yuan finally could no longer prop himself up and resist his fatigue, he closed his eyes and fell into a deep sleep.
Looking at him fast asleep in his arms, Caesar's heart grew so soft that it almost started melting.
He couldn't help but lean over and kiss Lin Yuan's forehead gently. He spoke softly in his ear: "Lie down for a good sleep now, I will help you settle everything...... Lin Yuan, I love you......"
Lin Yuan who was fast asleep, suddenly pursed his brows somewhat uneasily.
He once again returned to the seaside lodge and heard the gentle voice of that one man. "Son, you will be a Beta in the future, right? An ordinary and happy Beta, okay?"
Lin Yuan saw in his dream the four-year-old self using a melodious and tender child's voice to reply: "Alright Dad! I was originally a Beta anyways, ah!"
- I was originally a Beta, wasn't I?
The author has something to say: Not right ah Xiao Yuan, the author says that you are an Omega ah!
(
TN
: Hahaha... somehow I finished it. I'll be going on a 4-day trip now so there might be a good 5-6 days before the next time I update. In the meantime I'll probably just be going through and editing the previous chapters.)
Chapter 042: The Little Omega Monster
(Edited)
Caesar had just placed Lin Yuan flat on the bed to let him get some proper sleep when he saw his communication device suddenly light up. It was news from his elder brother: "I waited for almost half an hour in this restaurant. How have you guys not arrived yet?"
- Lin Yuan's situation just now was too urgent and because of it, Caesar was deeply troubled and had neglected to inform his elder brother.
Seeing the arrival of this message, Caesar immediately replied: "Elder brother, sorry, the dinner gathering tonight is canceled, I had something happen here!"
Xiwei quizzically asked: "Does this have to do with Ball?"
Caesar was unable to explain to him in detail and had to say: "That's right, we can come back to this discussion later, I want to ask you to do me a favor real quick."
"Alright." Xiwei did not ask again and returned directly to the Imperial Palace.
At this moment, His Majesty, Trent had already long since piloted King Lion and returned to the interior of the Imperial Palace.
The captain of the Royal Guard Squadron, Regg, immediately and respectfully reported the details of this evenings state of affairs. The entire process of Caesar's forced entry into the Imperial Palace was even recorded by the hidden surveillance cameras above the Palace.
After watching the entire course of events replay back, Trent immediately piloted King Lion to the front of the door to the Palace where Caesar lived.
Outside of Caesar's Palace, the highest level defense system was activated.
- Caesar had always been sensible, why would he suddenly forcibly enter the Imperial Palace today, what could have driven him?
Trent slightly wrinkled his brows and ordered King Lion to connect to White Feather's communication device.
White Feather, who received the communication request, immediately stammered out: "Ma-Ma-Master! It's Ki-Ki-King Lion! His Majesty has returned! Ah, ah, ah, it's over, we will certainly be punished by His Majesty......"
Caesar quickly interrupted White Feather, with a tranquil expression he said: "Hurry up and purify the air inside the house."
"......Oh!" White Feather complied with his master's order and immediately started up the air purification system. All traces of the mixed scent between the Omega and Alpha pheromones inside the room were quickly removed and purified clean.
Caesar turned back and gave Lin Yuan a nice quilt. Then he stood up and walked to the living room and accepted the communication request from his father.
His Majesty, Trent's face immediately appeared on the projection screen in front of him.
On closer inspection, the looks of the two father and son have quite a bit of resemblance. Their facial features are equally handsome and profound. The bridge of their nose is cut straight downwards as if it had been sharpened with a knife. When their deep brown eyes coldly gaze at other people, it gives out a suffocating feeling as if being oppressed under a kingly aura. Coupled with their tall and straight figure, it naturally reveals a pureblooded Alpha with the most powerful scent.
His Majesty, Trent's temper is ordinarily relatively mild and his mood rarely fluctuates.
However, at this moment, he nevertheless used his sharp and ice-cold eyes to look at his little son through the screen. The immense pressure that came from the silence even made White Feather feel threatened into immediately shrinking back its neck.
- Caesar neither servile nor overbearingly met his Father's gaze.
Because he must stand with a straight back and obstruct every storm for Lin Yuan. If he ever toppled over, Caesar can't bear to think what the ending for Lin Yuan would be. Thinking of that optimistic and cheerful little guy who would be expelled from the military registry by the Military Department because of the exposure of his Omega identity and then even shut into a dark underground prison for the rest of his life...... Caesar felt like a knife was being twisted into his heart!
- He will never let Lin Yuan be met with such misfortune!
Therefore, he must advance pass his birth father, His Majesty of the Empire!
The father and the son looked silently at each other for a moment, Trent said faintly: "Why, don't you want to explain now?"
Caesar calmly looked at his father in King Lion's cockpit and in a low voice said: "Father, could you please come inside my Palace, I have something to say to you alone."
Trent came out of the cockpit of the mech and put King Lion back into the space button on the platinum-golden ring on his thumb.
The captain of the Royal Guard Squadron, Regg, immediately stepped forward. "Your Majesty......"
Trent waved his hand calmly. "You all step back, alright?
We
will have a chat with the Fourth Prince alone."
(
TN
: Better late than never but, here the King is using the Imperial "I" often translated as "We" (Note: he doesn't refer to himself like this in front of Caesar). I also want to mention that Caesar often refers to his parents as the royal version of Father and Mother (not all the time if he's having a soft moment with them) and calls his elder brother Prince elder brother. It sounds stuffy to always do that in English so I often just leave it out and try to make everything else sound formal instead. Occasionally I will throw it in if it calls for it.)
"Yes, Your Majesty." Regg immediately led the Royal Guard Squadron's warships to speedy retreat.
Caesar saw their retreat and in turn, shut off the defense system outside the palace.
The Palace doors were opened and Trent entered the Palace. He immediately saw that Caesar was standing in the living room. After seeing His Majesty, he immediately bowed in a standard royal ceremony and respectfully said: "Father."
Trent coldy swept his gaze at him, then turned and walked to the sofa in the living room to sit down and looked up at him. "Why don't you explain now, what can't you let others know and what also permits you to boldly order White Feather to forcibly break into the Imperial Palace?"
Caesar went up to face his Father and said, "Father, do you still remember Lin Yuan?"
Trent nodded. "I remember, why?"
Caesar went on to say: "He took second place in the school-wide mech competition on campus. I went with the school team to the capital star to participate in the National Finals. I didn't expect him to be an Omega. Back when we were at the hotel, his pheromone level suddenly increased. I took him straight back to the Imperial Palace in order to take the inhibitors elder brother previously left behind."
Caesar paused and continued: "The situation at the time was very desperate. If I didn't give him the inhibitor injection in time, his pheromone would rise again and he would enter the pre-estrus phase, so I ordered White Feather to forcibly enter the Imperial Palace."
Trent was silent for a moment and softly asked, "Then what about Lin Yuan now?"
Caesar said: "He is already asleep."
Trent said: "That is to say, you used an inhibitor to control his pheromone concentration?"
Caesar honestly said: "Not only that, but I also bit into his Omega gland and temporarily marked him...... because at the time the pheromones in his body were very chaotic, I had to mark him to forcibly suppress his body's pheromones fluctuations."
Trent looked with a deep gaze at his own son. After a long time, he lowered his face: "Caesar, you must be aware, an Omega who disguises their identity to sneak into a military academy violates how many Imperial laws and Military Department orders? Such a major crime will receive what kind of punishment?!"
Caesar nodded. "I know."
Trent spoke coldly: "Yet you still tell me all this? You think your Royal Father will help you shield Lin Yuan?"
Caesar is silent for a moment, only to say seriously: "Father, I don't want to deceive you, because for this matter I simply can't rely on my own power, it's impossible to keep this in the dark. Once discovered by outsiders, the consequences will definitely be even more serious. So, I decided to tell you the entire truth, I hope to get your help."
Caesar looked at his father, his eyes were completely calm: "I love Lin Yuan, I want to use every ounce of my strength to protect him."
"As an Alpha, We are bestowed with power countless times stronger than Beta and Omega. Is it not to be able to protect the people you want to protect at the crucial moment? If you can't protect the one you love the most, then what use is my ability as an Alpha and my status as a Prince?!"
"If by any chance, something happened to Lin Yuan, I can only choose to go to the Military Department and give myself up. I marked him and I injected him with an inhibitor, if the court-martial convicts him, I am his biggest accomplice...... I am willing to accompany him together to prison."
"......" Trent looked at Caesar silently.
Caesar let out a softened voice: "Father, if you understand that I want to protect the feelings of the person I love, your son begs of you to help us...... In the entire Empire, there is only you who has the ability to conceal this matter. "
"......"
The message in the speech is a true, correct interpretation and the sentences are reasonable. As a Father, Trent unexpectantly found himself unable to retort for a while.
Trent couldn't help but look up at his little son who had just turned 18.
The chubby child in his memory always followed behind his elder brother as a bum beetle. Back when he was busy with government affairs, he rarely worried about things in the Palace. In the blink of an eye, the small Prince named Caesar quickly grew up.
The 18-year-old boy stands tall and straight with a strong build just like his own. He looks just like the younger version of himself.
Even now, he can go so far as to calmly look face to face with his father, for the one he loves, he braves the dangers and forcibly goes into the Imperial Palace without an explanation, but also throws out the, "I love him" and "I will accompany him into prison" preconditions to ask for Father's help?
- As an Alpha, We are bestowed with power countless times stronger than Beta and Omega. Is it not to be able to protect the people you want to protect at the crucial moment?
- If you can't protect the one you love the most, then what use is my ability as an Alpha and my status as a Prince?
This is what the 18-year-old Prince said, straight out of his mouth.
By speaking a few simple words, he easily overthrew the Empire's centuries-old tradition.
The world is dominated by genetically superior Alpha genes. Betas are forever in the lowest rungs of society. Omegas only need to be responsible for bringing up children and reproduction. This is the societal rule that human beings have developed since the evolution of the three genders of ABO.
But, Caesar said that the Alphas possess the strongest abilities not for conquest and possession, but rather for protecting the people they care about.
This sentence has been heard by others, especially by those Alpha bigots who are the chauvinists of the senior generation. They will surely mock this Alpha and say his brain is faulty.
However, when Trent heard these words, he suddenly felt incomparably gratified.
- Caesar grew up.
He has his own beliefs, his own loved one, and has the courage to work hard and fight for his beliefs.
No Father doesn't hope to see his son mature, let alone the King of the entire Empire such as Trent.
He has always regarded this small son of his as something to nurture as the heir to the throne. From ages big to small, the teachers who looked after Caesar were all personally selected from the most erudite scholars of the generation. The trainer who taught Caesar fighting skills was also once the champion of fighting in martial arts.
- After Caesar grew up, sure enough, he did not let his Father down!
As an honorable Prince, Caesar will not just arrogantly display his title as a Prince and throw it around, but will instead act calmly and keep a low-key profile, he knows to weight the pros and cons and utilizes the appropriate behavior, and before his Father he wouldn't lie and he would never speak incomplete sentences filled with empty words. In the act of feigning Vermillion Bird's death, he had successfully deceived the museum and the Mech Association with a few words.
For an 18-year-old child to accomplish this is already super rare.
What's more, he has not been bound by the Empire's centuries-old traditional, outdated way of thinking. He has his own beliefs in his heart pertaining to the relationships between Alpha, Beta, and Omega, he has his own unique way of thinking.
- And this way of thinking just so happens to closely coincide with Trent's own way of thinking.
There is nothing more gratifying to someone than such a thing.
If there is one day when he grows old and the whole Empire is handed over to this little son of his, perhaps he can genuinely rest assured then?
Thinking of this, Trent raised his head and looked at his small son, he couldn't help but make his tone a bit gentler: "Caesar, you said that you fell in love with Lin Yuan, did you know that he was an Omega?"
Caesar shook his head: "When I first liked him, I always thought that he was a Beta, I also just discovered it today."
—The little Beta monster has unexpectedly turned into a little Omega monster, Caesar is also extremely surprised.
As a Beta, Lin Yuan is already ferocious enough to shock people, if they knew that he was actually an Omega, he estimates that the jaws of all of the Alphas in the entire school will drop, especially the Alphas who suffered a crushing defeat at his hand during the competition. If they knew that the one who defeated them was actually an Omega, he reckoned that they would ashamedly
go hit a wall
.
(
TN
: I think this is supposed to mean like finding themselves stupefied without another option? Where did this slang come from? Put it back!!! Edit: User suggested that this might be a reference to an ancient Chinese way to commit suicide by hitting their head against a wall until they die. (Or until they bleed perhaps lol.))
Listening to what Caesar says, it is obvious that he likes Lin Yuan.
Even while knowing that Lin Yuan was a Beta, he still went right after him in spite of even the set traditions of the royal family's lineage. When he, himself was young, his budding love was that of the purest and most beautiful romance without the slightest entanglement of any political interests.
As a Father, Trent could not bear to shatter his son's beautiful dream.
Moreover, this kid surprisingly took a fancy to Lin Yuan...... His eyes are actually very good.
The corners of Trent's mouth couldn't help but lightly raise upwards and he said in a soft voice: "Since you have already brought your beloved directly into the Imperial Palace, I cannot give you my approval, but on the contrary, it seems that I would be unreasonable?"
Hearing his Father's words, Caesar immediately excitedly said: "Father, do you agree to help us?!"
Trent nodded helplessly. "You already said that if he went to jail, you would accompany him. What can a Father do? Leave you tied up and under house arrest? Since you have clearly requested to be bound with Lin Yuan, I will assist you and I can only also incidentally assist him as well, isn't that so?"
Bringing his gaze face to face with his Father's smiling expression, Caesar's face suddenly grows hot.
This feeling of bringing his beloved one to come to meet his Father is still quite embarrassing......
Trent thought about it and said: "It is not difficult to continue to conceal Lin Yuan's identity. The Royal Guard Squadron will definitely keep their mouths guarded like a closed bottle. The crucial point is the school. Over there, you can't let the instructors or the student body know about this matter. Do you think Lin Yuan can still participate in this competition?"
Caesar said firmly: "I believe he can!"
Trent smiled: "Even if he is the Omega that you marked, it doesn't matter?"
Caesar said: "It doesn't matter, I support him participating in the competition, his strength is stronger than many of those Alphas and he's eager to excel."
Trent nodded with satisfaction. "Okay. Then, in that case, act like nothing happened today. You and Lin Yuan will continue to participate in the competition tomorrow. When you return to school, you will wait another day before leaving, take along some inhibitors and let the Royal Guard Squadron personally escort you. I will greet your headmaster and the Guards' will not rigorously inspect the vehicles. Lin Yuan will continue to go to school as a Beta and then find a way to graduate no matter the means. You can marry him and bring him back as your Princess then."
Although this method has a bit of risk attached to it, there is his Royal Father backing him. As long as he always accompanies Lin Yuan at his side, he will be given an inhibitor injection once every three months. It is certainly no problem to graduate from the military academy without a hitch.
As for the future, I want to marry him as my Princess......
Now, Lin Yuan is only his friend and it's a long ways away from taking that step, but it's not too late to slowly work hard.
Caesar finally breathed a sigh of relief and gratefully looked at his Father: "Thank you, Father!"
He had thought for sure that he would be punished by Father today. He didn't expect his Father to be so fair and reasonable!
Trent's gaze moved onto his son, he smiled, stood up from the sofa and said: "This particular instance, Father can help you two, next time you mustn't be so impulsive, remember that you are a Prince,"
Caesar immediately guaranteed: "I know!"
Trent paused and said: "When Lin Yuan wakes up, take him to meet me."
Caesar became embarrassed as he looked in the direction of the bedroom and nodded. "Alright."
***
Lin Yuan has not yet woken up when Xiwei has rushed back.
Going directly inside the Palace where Caesar lived and seeing Caesar, Xiwei hastily asked: "What happened to Ball?"
Xiwei did not know Lin Yuan's name, only the username of Ball.
For a whole month, he accompanied them on the holographic network to play mech battles. Xiwei indeed grew very fond of that hard-working and earnest Lil' Ball, who was also the one who his younger brother fancied, naturally, a large part of his heart he had already grown close and dear to him. Furthermore, both of them were mech fanatics and they also shared many common interests. When the three people were together, more often than not, Big Prince and Ball would amicably chat, leaving Small Prince out hanging to dry off to the side.
Caesar met his elder brother's worried gaze and without better option, opened his mouth to explain: "Ahhh, he is an Omega. Today, the concentration of his pheromone suddenly rose. I had no other choice but to take him back to the Imperial Palace to find an inhibitor......"
Xiwei was surprised: "He is an Omega? You liked him for so long, yet you didn't find out about it?"
Caesar: "......"
Xiwei gave his little brother a cold look. "This is truly too stupid, the one you like is an Omega yet you didn't even see it coming."
Caesar: "......"
After being chided by his elder brother, Caesar had to sheepishly touch his nose. His nose had actually already picked up the scent of Omega pheromones before. However, at that time he thought that there was a problem with his nose. He didn't investigate it carefully...... Moreover, his present inhibitor was so powerful that it could pass along each stage of the military academy's blood serum test? So to say, Snow is also definitely an Omega?
Before Caesar could even deeply think about it further, Xiwei no sooner directly bypassed him and walked into the bedroom.
In the bedroom, Lin Yuan was sleeping on Caesar's large bed, he was probably sleeping so deeply because of mental exhaustion.
Xiwei walked up to his bedside and looked at him. The spotless white quilt covered his body revealing only a head. The boy slept sideways on the bed, his jet-black hair looked as if it was color washed by ink......
He was called Ball, his face was also a bit round with a small amount of baby fat on his face that makes people want to pinch it.
The more Xiwei looked, the cuter he became and he couldn't help but say: "You said that this was Ball? Your eyes are actually not bad."
Caesar looked at Lin Yuan and smiled as he said: "His name is Lin Yuan."
Xiwei turned to look at him. "You brought him back to the Imperial Palace, does Father know?"
Caesar said: "Father was just here a moment ago, he knows about all this and agreed to help us cover it up." Caesar paused, "That's right, there is something I need to ask of elder brother. I need to bring a few inhibitors back to school."
Xiwei simply nodded, "This is no problem. I will give you some to you later."Caesar paused. "And...... I was also forced to temporarily mark him, his body will have the scent of my pheromones, would this lead to suspicion from others?"
Xiwei patted his brother's shoulder and smiled: "Rest assured, I have medicine that masks the smell."
Caesar: "......"
Elder brother really has every medicine one could think of on hand so as to not get married simply by any means, fair or foul.
The two were chatting. Lin Yuan, who was sleeping in bed, suddenly turned over and somewhat discontentedly grumbled: "So noisy."
Caesar blanked out for a second and immediately pulled his elder brother out of the bedroom and said with a light voice: " Let him sleep peacefully for a while. I'll have White Feather go with you to get the medicine after the competition is over, I'll look for a chance to properly thank you."
Xiwei nodded and turned around with White Feather.
Caesar returned to the bedroom and found that Lin Yuan had actually woken up.
He evidently hasn't figured out the situation, half-consciously rubbing his eyes, looking somewhat confused around the interior of the Palace......
This room is too strange. The bedroom is unbelievably large, the bed is also exceedingly large, practically seven or eight people could lie down side by side on such a big bed. Even performing a somersault would be no problem. Isn't such a large area a bit too extravagant......
Moreover, the platinum-gold design engraved on the headboard looks very refined, obviously from a rich and honorable household.
The furnishings in the house are extremely elegant, the ceiling is closed, but the roof is open with portholes. A glittering group of stars in the sky can be seen through the transparent glass. The floor of the room is covered with thick and pure white carpet, just as if it was snow.
......where is this, ah?
Lin Yuan dazedly scratched his hair and raised his head and his vision caught sight of Caesar.
Caesar went to his bedside and sat down, he softly said: "Did that noise wake you up? Do you feel any discomfort in your body?"
Lin Yuan saw Caesar and felt a bit relieved, but he still doubtfully asked: "Where is this? What was wrong with my body back then? My heartbeat abruptly sped up and I felt so strange everywhere. Have you taken me to a hospital to get it examined?"
When Caesar heard these words, he felt a bit baffled.
What was wrong with your body? Go to the hospital for an examination? Don't tell me this little guy doesn't know that it was an oncoming estrus??
Caesar was silent for a moment, trying to put the softest possible voice: "Lin Yuan, you don't need to hide it from me, I already know."
Lin Yuan looked at him skeptically: "What do you know?"
Caesar: "......"
Lin Far: "??"
Caesar embarrassingly did not know where to start, "I'm saying I already know that you are an Omega and in order to suppress your estrus, I had no other choice but to temporarily bite into the gland on your nape. For marking you...... you, you will not blame me then?"
Just with Caesar mentioning it, he actually began to blush!
Lin Yuan: "..............."
What is he talking about, ah?
What Omega? What mark?
Lin Yuan was silent for a while before he said, "I don't seem to understand what you are saying."
Caesar hurriedly said, "Don't be angry, the mark on you is only temporary. If I didn't mark you at the time, the Omega pheromones in your body would continue to rise, it was certain to enter the love-making period, if that had happened you would have been unable to participate in the competition." Caesar paused and softly said, "Lin Yuan, as an Omega, no matter what your reason is to sneak into a military academy, it is known to be a punishable offense. Of course, I will help you hide this secret and when the competition is over, I will bring a batch of inhibitors back to school."
Lin Yuan: "............... "
The script is wrong?!
How did I suddenly become an Omega? Also love-making period? Also marked?
Lin Yuan pinched his palms as hard as he could to make himself wake up. Recalling the "mark" repeatedly mentioned by Caesar. His fingers subconsciously drifted to the nape of his neck and touched it. Sure enough, in that place, they felt the imprint left behind by Caesar......
Lin Yuan suddenly felt a burst of numbness spread across his scalp and his face also became complicated.
When Caesar saw his blank appearance, it became apparent that he had not clearly understood the situation until now.
Caesar suddenly felt that something was a bit off. If he was an Omega, he should be aware that his physical condition is caused by the onset of estrus. He should also have had the knowledge to know about marking, ah. Could it be that......
Caesar astonishingly asked: "Could it be you don't you know that you are an Omega?"
Lin Yuan was awfully puzzled but still said very seriously: "I've always been a Beta, ah. Caesar, aren't you mistaken somewhere? What are you doing marking a Beta? Also, I am not in any such estrus cycle, I have a defect in my immune system. Ever since I was a child, if I didn't take my medicine, my heart would beat faster and my body would grow feverish. Didn't I already tell you earlier??"
Lin Yuan used the"How are you so stupid?" and "You went so far as to mark a Beta" look towards Caesar.
......Caesar was left dumbfounded and speechless.
(
TN
: Kinda ends off abruptly, but yeah. I'm back thanks for being patient!)
Chapter 043: Identity
Lin Yuan undoubtedly knew that with Caesar's personality, it was impossible for him to stage this kind of senseless joke. However, what Caesar had said, he was utterly incapable of believing those words!
In his eighteen years of life, he had always been very sure that he was a Beta. Ever since he was a child, his biggest dream was to become an outstanding soldier, give his mother and sister a better life, and to find a gentle and kindhearted Beta girl to marry and have children with. Get married, have kids, and just all around live in peace and work happily!
But now, Caesar actually said that he is an Omega? Is this really not a joke?
Lin Yuan has lived on the barren and desolate planet of Rennes ever since he was a child. He had been entirely surrounded by Beta. For him, Omegas are a totally alien existence. He only knows that at the time of birth, Omegas must be registered in the Omega Association. Starting at the age of fourteen, all Omegas are arranged to go to a city and will be sent to the capital star to study under a specialized school. Before their first estrus at eighteen arrives, they are given a genetically matched Alpha assigned by the Omega Association and from then on, they stay at home to focus on bearing children for the later generation!
- How can I be an Omega?
- An Omega who is capable of giving birth to a child? An Omega that has irregular estruses every year? An Omega that needs to do nothing and only needs to be confined at home to serve an Alpha and bear offspring?
Lin Yuan looked at Caesar questioningly and repeated: "Caesar, you must have made a mistake. How could I be an Omega? I have been a Beta for the past 18 years."
Dr. Fornt had looked after him ever since he was a child. He understands his body the most thoroughly. He is a very talented doctor, he had even opened a private hospital on the planet of Rennes. He said that he had an innate immune system defect that would cause problems. It was certainly unlikely for it to be a mistake!
Maybe the situation just resembled an Omega's love-making period? And so Caesar misunderstood it?
How could Caesar be so stupid......?
He had clearly explained it to him, yet he still mistook him as an Omega, but to also to mark him? What the hell was he thinking?
Caesar saw that his frame of mind was very complicated when he received Lin Yuan's "look at this fool" expression.
Lin Yuan had always thought of himself as a Beta......
Obviously, in the environment that he grew up in, as well as his family, it had already instilled in him long ago this kind of "you are a Beta" notion. This belief had been deeply rooted in his heart, even over the past eighteen years everything that he had done had been done under that prerequisite.
He had thought that he was Beta, so he gained entry into the military school of St. Romia believing that he could become a soldier; He had thought that he was Beta, so he could calmly become friends with those Alphas Karl, Caesar, and Brian; He had thought that he was Beta, so he went on to participate in a major mech competition and with great effort, out of the entire school and with a great performance record, he became the runner up.
He didn't even know that he was an Omega and he didn't even know that the medicine he had been taking was an inhibitor!
Who is deliberately hiding this from him? Why would they hide it from him?
Looking at Lin Yuan's both surprised and confused appearance, Caesar suddenly felt distressed.
Letting him know the truth must be a major blow to him.
If in the past 18 years, he had earnestly worked hard to build up a dream from the bottom of his heart, then his identity as a Beta is the foundation of that dream.
Now to tell him that he is actually not a Beta but an Omega, his entire world would collapse.
All his efforts through these years have been entirely in vain......
He originally thought that Lin Yuan's had a reason to sneak into the military academy. Caesar did not expect him to be unaware of the whole matter.
This kind of situation unexpectantly made Caesar feel even more pained.
Facing Lin Yuan's eyes filled with bewilderment, and Caesar found himself somewhat reluctant to steel his heart to further continue.
However, as an Omega, Lin Yuan must know the truth and always be on guard to stay and attend school under the cover of Caesar. If someone discovers his identity, the consequences will absolutely be even more grave.
Caesar does not want in the slightest to keep Lin Yuan in the dark from this crucial problem.
Caesar took a deep breath and gently put his hand on Lin Yuan's shoulder. Looking at Lin Yuan's eyes, with a gentle tone, he softly said: "Lin Yuan, I haven't lied to you, you are really an Omega, the medicine you have always been taking before is not a medicine to control your immune system, but a kind of pheromone inhibitor that can disguise you as a Beta."
Lin Yuan: "......"
Caesar said: "Back when your body was feverish, I had White Feather give you an examination. White Feather found Omega pheromones in your blood, the concentration rose at one point to 8.5mg / L., when the concentration of Omega pheromone is higher than 9, you would enter your estrus cycle. In order to control your pheromone fluctuations, I injected you with an inhibitor and temporarily marked you."
Lin Yuan: "......"
Coming into contact with Caesar's serious gaze, Lin Yuan's thoughts were suddenly swept away leaving only a blank space in his mind.
Just now when his head grew feverish and dizzy, he ended up losing his consciousness. Anything that happened afterward has already become too unclear in his memory, but the imprint on the back of his neck is still there. Obviously, Caesar did not lie, Caesar truly marked him.
............how could this be?
............how did he suddenly become an Omega?
Lin Yuan stared blankly and in a low voice, he refuted: "But, Dr. Fornt said that it was a problem with my immune system. It was like this since I was a child. Could he have been lying to me?" Lin Yuan stopped and lightly tightened his fingers, doubtfully saying: "My mother is also a Beta, ah, if the mother is Beta, then they cannot give birth to an Omega son, right??"
Lin Yuan had two questions, Caesar was simply incapable of answering.
This is also what Caesar wants to ask.
- That Dr. Fornt and Lin Yuan's mother, why should they lie to him?
Presumably after marking his Omega, it will give rise to having an intense desire to wish to hold and protect them. Looking at his Omega tightly gripping his fingers and his helpless face, Caesar feels very distressed.
Strongly resisting the urge to force him into his arms, Caesar handed the communication device over in front of Lin Yuan and softened his voice as he said, "Lin Yuan, wouldn't it be better for you to ask them personally?"
Lin Yuan nodded. He took the communication device from Caesar and dialed his home number.
***
In front of the immersive projection screen, the scene of the home's kitchen appears.
His mother and sister are bustling around the kitchen, his sister is making a cake, the sweet smell of cream seems to be floating through the air and the familiar and comfortable scene makes Lin Yuan's heart unable to help himself feel a burst of bitterness.
"
Xiao
Yuan?" Mrs. Lin smiled and looked at her son who had just appeared on the screen.
(
TN
: Nickname kinda thing for people you're close to, means small or little.)
Lin Yuan is sitting on a bed in a bedroom, the bedroom is very large and the furnishings also give the impression of being high quality.
Mrs. Lin couldn't help but ask: "Where are you? Hotel?"
"En." Lin Yuan paused. "I am in the capital star representing the school to participate in the National Finals."
Lin Yao immediately came closer and gave him a thumbs up: "Xiao Yuan, I heard you got second place in the end, I still don't dare believe it! You are too amazing! Oh! That's right, I am right in the middle of making your favorite pastry when it's done I will mail it to the school to give it to you!" "
Lin Yuan scratched his head and smiled as he said: "Big Sis', no need, I can buy anything I want to eat at school. It is too much trouble to send food over with StarCraft and it's costly too......"
Lin Yao hurridly interrupted him. "It's not the same. I can certainly make it tastier myself and better than the storebought one. So, I will send it to you tomorrow. The vacuum sealed packaging will make sure it won't go bad. You can save it up and eat it slowly!"
Lin Yao finished talking and turned around to continue to toss around her pastries.
Lin Yuan was silent for a while before he said: "Mom, are you free now? I have something I want to say to you."
"Alright." Mrs. Lin untied her apron and explained a few words to her daughter. She grabbed the communication device and took it with her to the inside of her bedroom, her eyes tenderly looked at her son. "What's wrong? Xiao Yuan?"
Lin Yuan: "......"
Confronted with the gentle woman who had faced every torment to bring him up, Lin Yuan's voice lingered in his throat. He was actually momentarily incapable of asking anything...... Are you my biological mother? Why am I an Omega? Have you been lying to me from the beginning?
Lin Yuan took a deep breath and said: "Mom, the medicine you gave me, I accidentally lost it and my body suddenly had a problem......"
Mrs. Lin's face immediately became deathly pale, "Xiao Yuan, you, are you alright now? Where are you? Are there any Alphas nearby? My God...... Why are you so careless!"
Lin Yuan saw her face and his heart suddenly grew cold.
It seems to be true......
After an awfully long period of silence, Lin Yuan only quietly said, "Mom, I'm fine, a fellow student discovered my issue in time and injected me with an inhibitor."
Mrs. Lin: "......"
Lin Yuan looked at her and said: "In fact, I am Omega right? Even now, you still refused to tell me the truth?"
The rim of Mrs. Lin's eyes immediately became red, she began choking with sobs as she said: "I'm sorry, so sorry Xiao Yuan...... Mother didn't have the heart to tell you, That's why I hid it from you...... Actually...... Actually, I'm not your biological mother......"
Mrs. Lin sorted through her disordered emotional state as she recalled the circumstances during that time and disjointedly explained it to Lin Yuan -
"Fourteen years ago, my husband Lin Weicheng unexpectantly brought back a little four-year-old boy from a battlefield. He said that it was the son of his comrade-in-arms. His comrades-in-arms sacrificed himself on the front line and gave him the kindness of saving his life. He asked me to take care of the child as if he were a biological son...... He also told me that this child was an Omega born on an uninhabited planet, so he never went to the Omega Association to register him. The child was injected with an inhibitor at birth because his father wanted him to become Beta."
"In those years there was an underground organization that was secretly carrying out a gender-changing experiment, as long as the inhibitor was injected from an early age, after getting through estrus between the ages of 18 and 20 for three years, the Omega would completely lose fertility and become Beta......"
"You had thought that you were a Beta since childhood and you had also been very happy as a Beta. I didn't expect you to enter the examination for the military academy...... After I discussed it with Dr. Fornt, a bottle of inhibitor tablets was made for you to take to school. Mother lied about it being medicine to regulate your immune system defect...... I really couldn't dare tell you...... I had thought that as long as you took the medicine on time, you could completely become a Beta. I didn't expect such an accident to occur...... Sorry, Xiao Yuan, I'm so sorry...... Mother is so sorry for you......"
Looking at the woman in front of him with her face covered in tears, the rims of Lin Yuan's eyes also become slightly red.
Her health has always been bad and her personality has also always been so delicate. In fact, if she told him the truth earlier, he would have absolutely properly treasured that bottle of medicine and taken the medicine on time in order to become a Beta.
He would have been able to bear that kind of truth despite her not thinking that he could......
Even if he knew the truth about his biological parents dying in the war, even if he knew that she was only his adoptive mother, then what about it? For Lin Yuan, she and Lin Yao had always been his closest relatives in this world......
However, Mrs. Lin's inability steel her heart and hiding it has now instead led to an irreparable situation.
Lin Yuan asked: "That so-called gender-changing experiment, is it possible to continuously take the medicine until the age of 20 years old?"
Mrs. Lin said softly: "That's right, even if you accidentally stop taking the medicine, as long as you inject an inhibitor in time and completely control the estrus period."
Lin Yuan paused. "If...... if I was marked by an Alpha?"
Mrs. Lin was shocked and said: "Mark? You, you're not saying...... didn't your classmate give you an inhibitor?"
Lin Yuan was silent for a moment. "Because at the time, the pheromones in my body were rising chaotically, in order to suppress the pheremones in my body, he just temporarily...... temporarily...... marked me......"
Seeing his mother's deathly pale face, Lin Yuan was uneasily said: "......you can't then?"
Mrs. Lin: "......"
Lin Yuan continued speaking: "My estrus is really controlled by the inhibitor. Can I continue to take the medicine and still become a Beta?"
Mrs. Lin said nothing for a moment before she choked out with sobs: "You cannot, Xiao Yuan...... You have been marked, your Omega gland will be completely activated, even if you continue to inject more inhibitors, you can only control the estrus period and nothing else...... You can't become a Beta......"
Lin Yuan: ".............................."
After a long time being lost for words, Lin Yuan could only softly say: "That is to say, in the future, I have no other choice than to become an Omega? "
Mrs. Lin's burning red eyes did not answer.
Lin Yuan was silent for a moment. "Then, my biological parents should be an Alpha and an Omega, right? Who are they?"
Mrs. Lin said: "Back when Wei Cheng brought you back, he only said that you are the child of his savior. Your parents have already sacrificed their lives......"
Lin Yuan asked: "What about their names?"
Mrs. Lin sadly hung her head down and said: "I don't know that either."
Lin Yuan was silent for a very long time, he eventually took in a deep breath and smiled as he said: "Well, mother, don't feel so pained...... You have been raising me for so many years like this, in my heart, you will always be my mother...... take proper care of your body and wait for your son to come back to see you during vacation!"
Mrs. Lin's face was streaming with tears as she nodded her head as hard as she could manage. "Xiao Yuan, take care of yourself at school. I will have Dr. Fornt give you a batch of inhibitor pills later and express deliver it along with your sister's pastries......"
Lin Yuan nodded. "Okay......"
After hanging up the call, Lin Yuan's smile faded away and his head somewhat fell down towards the ground.
- It turns out that I am truly an Omega, a fatherless and motherless Omega born on an uninhabited planet.
In that dream, the man who said "You just become a Beta, okay?" should be his biological father. He already died in battle? So him saying to "Become a Beta" turned out to mean injecting inhibitors to change his gender then?
Finally, he had learned the truth. Lin Yuan nevertheless felt that his heart was blanketed in a cold sheet of ice.
Everything that he originally worked hard for seems to have suddenly lost its meaning.
His entire world was turned completely upside down, he doesn't even know what should be done next.
Caesar saw that he was hanging his head and not talking, his heart couldn't help but burst into deep pain.
Lin Yuan is obviously terribly sad from the bottom of his heart. Just a moment ago, he had unexpectantly even assumed a smiling face to instead turn to comfort his adoptive mother...... He had undoubtedly just suffered such a heavy blow, he was only pretending to calmly say: Come back to see you during vacation......
Just now, if the speech of his adoptive mother was given to others in his place, perhaps they would simply be unable to accept it. Under their broken heart, they couldn't help but blame their adoptive mother. Lin Yuan, however, accepted it very quickly. He didn't even show a thread nor hair of blame towards the adoptive mother who had left him in the dark for so many years......
This little guy is too strong, strong enough to make people feel an ache in their hearts.
Caesar finally couldn't help but step forward and with every ounce of his strength, tightly pull his Omega into his embrace.
Lin Yuan's body suddenly stiffened.
Strangely enough, Caesar's hug does not make him feel disgusted in the slightest, probably because of Caesar's mark...... Lin Yuan instead feels that this hug is incomparably warm, warm enough to make his nose feel painful, nearly shedding tears.
Caesar tightened his embrace around Lin Yuan and gently caressed and stroked that mark on Lin Yuan's nape.
It was precisely this mark that changed everything, it made it so that Lin Yuan could no longer complete the gender reconstruction project and completely turn into a Beta......
Under a freak combination of factors, his mistake had changed the fate of Lin Yuan by his own hand......
But, Caesar did not regret it. At that time, he could only do so, otherwise, the consequences would only be even more serious.
Caesar tightened his arms around him feeling some distress and said softly: "Xiao Yuan, don't be sad, even if you are an Omega, it doesn't matter. I have already helped you deal with everything so far. As long as you are willing, you can continue to have a Beta identity while studying at school, you can also become a soldier as you like and live your life. I will support you and let you get the most freedom......"
Lin Yuan's stiff body gradually relaxed under Caesar's placations.
He didn't even notice the alteration of Caesar's address. He called him "Xiao Yuan" and only his closest relatives would address him like that.
After a good while, Lin Yuan just then hesitantly extended his arms and gently returned Caesar's hug, burying his face in Caesar's embrace.
The shirt on Caesar's chest was immediately soaked in tears.
The little guy who had always been strong and optimistic unexpectantly wept......?
With a pained heart, Caesar immediately further tightened his embrace and gently moved along his back over and over with his
right hand
.
(
TN
: Yeaahhhh his other hand is still pretty messed up apparently.)
In Caesar's warm embrace, even if it is someone as strong as Lin Yuan, there was no way no matter how strong he was to continue to hold on in the end.
- Eighteen years of belief has thoroughly collapsed.
- The dream he had been striving to build was completely shattered.
- The ordinary and happy Beta suddenly became a motherless and fatherless Omega and his world was almost completely subverted.
He desperately needed to vent his innermost feelings of going crazy in despair rushing forth and Caesar's embrace finally gave him an opening to unburden himself. Strong unwillingness, frustration and a sense of loss, all kinds of emotions mixed together, converging into the kind of tears that uncontrollably bubbled forth from the rims of his eyes.
Between Alphas and Omegas, there has always been a strong attraction by nature. Let alone, Caesar has already marked Lin Yuan. Lin Yuan can't help but lay down his guard in front of Caesar and have a sense of dependence. This belongs to the nature of an Omega.
Lin Yuan did not know if the reason he was dependent on Caesar was because of the mark or not.
All he knows is that at this moment, Caesar, who gave him a hug, is the only bit warmth left in his world that has been subverted.
Lin Yuan outstretched both of his hands and as if he had grasped onto his last hope as he tightly returned Caesar's embrace.
***
The next morning, after eating a simple breakfast early in the morning, Caesar found Lin Yuan a new set of clothes to change into.
Because they were still required to participate in the pre-match training, Caesar did not look for excessively formal clothing for Lin Yuan but instead had him put on a set of relatively more casual clothes. The clean and neat white casual clothes made Lin Yuan look very energetic.
Although he didn't sleep well last night, he probably had a lot of things on his mind. After he got up in the morning, his expression quickly returned to normal. No longer was he at a loss over the issue of his Omega identity, he ate the delicious food from the inside of the Imperial Palace and even showed a cheerful smile.
Lin Yuan soon swept the plate clean in front of him, after eating his fill, he wiped his mouth off and then said with a smile: "Caesar, your home is truly very nice, do you live in this room by yourself?"
The size of this bedroom is practically almost comparable to that of the quadruple suite in the school.
Caesar sheepishly touched his nose and somewhat awkwardly explained: "Cough, actually, I am a Prince, this is the Empire's Imperial Palace."
Lin Yuan: "......"
Could there possibly be even more alarming news?
After waking up yesterday, Caesar said: "Actually, you are an Omega, I had no choice but to mark you because of it."
After waking up today, Caesar said: "Actually, I am a Prince, this is the Empire's Imperial Palace."
In just the short span of two days time, Lin Yuan suddenly felt that his brain was entirely not fast enough to use.
At this moment, Caesar said: "My Royal Father wants to meet you......"
"Your Royal Father?" Lin Yuan looked at Caesar in shock, "You mean...... His Majesty, Trent?"
Caesar nodded his head, "When I took you back to the Imperial Palace yesterday, Father became aware of everything. If by any chance your identity as an Omega leaks out, it will stir up great troubles. But you can rest assured, I have already come to an agreement with my Father, my Father will help you with anything for as long as you'd like, you can continue to study in school as a Beta until graduation."
"Can I?" Lin Yuan said incredulously, "His Majesty...... he will really help me?"
Caesar smiled and said: "Do not worry, it's going to be alright."
Even though Caesar had said as much, Lin Yuan still felt a bit overwhelmed from receiving such a huge favor.
Along with Caesar, they walked together to His Majesty, Trent's Palace, looking at the white buildings constructed inside of the Imperial Palace. Furthermore, inside such a big Palace were red carpets and the delicate and exquisite carvings on the roof. Lin Yuan even had the illusion of being in the middle of a dream.
This is the Imperial Palace after all?
He is actually standing in the Imperial Palace and was immediately going to see His Majesty of the Empire?
Just as Lin Yuan is still in shock, His Majesty Trent and Queen Anna walk inside the room together.
Caesar immediately bows to make his salutations as he says: "Royal Father, Royal Mother,"
Lin Yuan: "............"
Lin Yuan stared blankly for a moment, before hurridly imitating the appearance of Caesar's bow and salutations, "His Majesty............ Queen............"
My God, is he really seeing His Majesty and the Queen?
Lin Yuan's heart was curious to death and wanted to raise his head to see what the King and Queen really looked like in real life, but he was afraid by doing so would make him look like he had no manners, so he was forced to obediently hang his head and not dare to move about.
At this time, the calm voice of a middle-aged man sounded at the top of his head, his manner of speaking seemed to be carrying a smile: "Lin Yuan, come over here and take a seat."
Lin Yuan immediately saluted: "Thank you, Your Majesty!"
Caesar took Lin Yuan to the opposite seat and sat down, moving closer to Lin Yuan's ear, he said, "Don't be nervous, this is my
Royal Mother's Palace
. Today is a private meeting. My Father's temper is very good."
(
TN
: I know earlier it said they were walking to Trent's, but what do I know? Change of plans? Connected Palaces?)
Only then did Lin Yuan get the courage to raise his head and it just so happened that he locked his gaze with His Majesty, Trent's.
His Majesty's gaze is very gentle, there is not the slightest sense of oppression at all, that is, this gentleness is the same one that the elders use to look upon the younger generation. The Queen's eyes were even more gentle, just like...... his mother at home?
Queen Anna's gentle gaze towards him only made Lin Yuan grow embarrassed.
Trent started to open his mouth to speak: "Lin Yuan, your matter has already been talked over with me and Caesar. You can rest assured that your secret as an Omega and will not leak out. You can continue to attend school......" Trent paused and then smiled as he said, "If you are good enough, you can serve in the best legion after graduation. In the future, you can even become a General of the Empire."
Trent's words incessantly shock Lin Yuan and left him unable to respond, even Caesar looked back at his Father entirely in awe.
Chapter 044: Old Affairs
The Imperial law expressly stipulates that all Omegas must be registered in the association at the time of birth and must strictly obey the arrangements of the association. The Military Department also has a ban forbidding Omegas to join the army. After finding out that he was an Omega, Lin Yuan felt very disheartened. He had thought that he could no longer attend school. The Military Department would expel him from the military and he would even be arrested and imprisoned......
Why would His Majesty give him a favor that went outside the law?
Coming into contact with Lin Yuan's doubtful gaze, Trent couldn't help but feel a smile raise on his lips.
The youth in front of him has a pair of clear black eyes, these jet-black eyes were extremely clever. Fair skin and hair as if it were dipped in ink were the physical traits also inherited from his biological father, but his optimistic and lively personality, however, does not resemble that indifferent father of his in the slightest.
Looking at this youth, there will always be a very strange sense of familiarity settling at the bottom of his heart.
***
Many years ago, when Trent was still a Prince, together with Ling Yu and Rosen he had attended the St. Romia Military Institute of Military Affairs in the Command Department. Rosen and Ling Yu were Trent's most adored
junior brothers
.
(
TN
: As in they were his younger fellow students.)
At the time when Ling Yu had his accident, Trent had been the Empire's Imperial Monarch for less than five years. The political power in his hand was not stable. In addition, there were too many people in the Military who were unable to stand Ling Yu and with Trent's own power, there was simply nothing he could do to save him
Even though Trent was His Majesty of the Empire, in the end, the Empire was not his alone to have the final say.
Over the past six hundred years since the founding of the Lacey Empire, the power has been divided into the hands of several influential families. The founding Emperor of those days was a valiant Generalissimo, he also paid special attention to the so-called camaraderie shared between comrades-in-arms. Following the establishment of the Empire, he accompanied the founding Emperor to lay down this regime. The generalissimos had all been promoted as the heads of the major legions, it could even be said that they were overflowing with heavenly power.
It was a pity that this esteemed ancestor died far too early. The one who had taken up the Imperial Throne was a mild-mannered Prince. At that time, the war had erupted between the Lacey Empire and the Strand Federation. The newly-appointed His Majesty completely lacked prestige in the military and those generalissimos refused to obey or comply with his orders and furthermore divided up the
commander-in-chief's
military power. Later, the Military Department even independently left the Government's Legislative Assembly, becoming its own separate institution.
(
TN
: I'm assuming that this is the title referring to the Kings or Emperors seeing as they're supposed to be the ones commanding over the entire military.)
Over time, the power of the Imperial family began to gradually decline.
The Emperor who no had any military power in his hands just became a figurehead and puppet for the Military Department.
This kind of scene lasted for nearly five hundred years. When Trent took on Imperial throne from his Father's hands, the internal trouble and outside aggression even made him unable to move a single step. Just precisely balancing the power of each influential family together was a difficult problem, not to mention still having to face the Federation's hostile forces constantly harassing their border.
Fortunately, although Trent was young in those days, he still kept his composure. After becoming the Monarch, he put out a mild temperament and did not openly confront the Military Department. He secretly cultivated himself to gradually form his own power.
Rosen and Ling Yu were the two talented field commanders that Trent personally selected.
Rosen's family, the Bessemer clan's power had already begun to wither away and Ling Yu was just a Beta with no strong backing. The Military did not care about the two at the time and even thought that the two of them certainly wouldn't go far. The one in charge of supporting the Glory Legion is nothing more than a compliant chess piece for the Military to order around; the Dark Night Legion was responsible for expeditions, they would spend all day long at the front line acting as cannon fodder and it actually saved them from experiencing a lot of troubles.
Until those two S-class mechs personally made by Mr. Aston saw the light of day!
Black Dragon and Vermillion Bird were the two mechs created during a corresponding time period. The only ones capable of perfectly matching the
spiritual essence
of Black Dragon and Vermillion Bird was only that of Rosen and Ling Yu! Ever since the possession of those two mechs, the influence of the Glory Legion and the Dark Night Legion grew even stronger, especially Vermillion Bird, that smear of bright red assaulting the enemy on the front line was simply unstoppable!
(
TN
: I'm now kind of conflicting on continuing to refer to this as spiritual kind of things rather than mental strength. For now, I'm just gonna kinda switch back and forth between them since they kind of mean the same thing? Just sometimes referring it to mental strength makes a lot more sense. If I'm able to make up my mind or one of you feels like doing it for me I'll go back and change it to one or the other and keep it consistent from then on.)
Reports of victory from the frontline come through again and again, and more and more mails began requesting to promote Ling Yu to a General......
What is even more terrifying is that these two legions were carried along by Rosen and Ling Yu without any outside help and a great number of important high-ranking military officers in those legions had followed them for many years and were absolutely loyal to their generals. These two legions had a scarily formidable cohesiveness!
Some of these senior figures in the Military began to perceive a crisis.
They attempted every possible method to try to kill Ling Yu, deliberately giving the Dark Night Legion all kinds of dangerous missions. However, thanks to Ling Yu's excellent commanding ability, Ling Yu led the Dark Night Legion time and time again to successfully complete these missions!
The brass of the Military Department hated it enough to make their
teeth itch
, but from beginning to end there was no reasonable justification to eliminate the Dark Night Legion.
(
TN
: Angry enough to bite something.)
It was at this time, Ling Yu's inhibitor suddenly failed and his identity as an Omega was exposed!
Finally, the Military Department, at last, received an opportunity to punish Ling Yu!
Trent has always harbored suspicions about whether Ling Yu's inhibitor failure was caused by someone in the Military Department sabotaging it, was it even possible for there to be a traitor in the Dark Night Legion? He had been injecting inhibitors for so many years and there had never been a problem. How could it suddenly fail in the middle of a battlefield?
Someone with such a cautious personality like Ling Yu, it was impossible for him to make such a fatal mistake. The only explanation is that someone deliberately sabotaged him, secretly switching out his medication or adding a substance into his food or drinking water to neutralize the Omega inhibitor!
Himself included didn't even know that Ling Yu was an Omega...... Who else would know about this secret?
Trent wants to investigate, but he simply has no way to start. The accident happened so suddenly back then. Finding out that Ling Yu had actually been an Omega, even Trent had no time to fully comprehend it!
His most adored junior brother, the one he had even slyly thought about promoting into a four-star General, having Ling Yu act as his right-hand man, actually concealed his identity as an Omega and infuriated the Military Department! If Ling Yu told him earlier that he was an Omega, at the very least he could have properly prepared for a response in the case of an emergency situation. Now that the Military Department had finally gotten ahold of such incriminating information about Ling Yu, it is absolutely impossible to lightly let him off!
At that time, several generalissimos of the Military Department unanimously agreed that Ling Yu deserved severe punishment.
Fortunately, Rosen played a hand, deliberately making Ling Yu pregnant when he marked him...... Trent convinced the court-martial to liberate Ling Yu using the law of "pregnant people should not be imprisoned" and changed the lifelong prison sentence into lifelong house arrest.
Even so, the Military still refused to let Ling Yu off......
They actually sent people to assassinate Ling Yu in order to eliminate Ling Yu by fair means or foul!
Unexpectedly, the proud Ling Yu escaped from Cepheus by piloting Black Dragon immediately after learning that he was pregnant and the person who was sent to assassinate Ling Yu threw themselves at Rosen's apartment in vain! Even more unexpectedly, the next day, Black Dragon's mech wreckage and Ling Yu's clothing fragments were found in the interstellar ruins. Ling Yu encountered a rare cosmic sandstorm seen only every other decade and with the baby in his abdomen, he was buried alongside that life amidst the interstellar ruins.
Several generalissimos in the Military finally breathed out a sigh of relief.
In reality, at that time, Trent had employed the same exact method that Caesar had done to keep those people from the museum in the dark to rescue Vermillion Bird!
-Feigning death.
To completely protect Ling Yu's safety, he can only let him "die".
As long as Ling Yu is alive, they will always find opportunities, use the incriminating information that they had gained to sentence him for a crime or directly assassinate him. The elimination of Ling Yu is the unanimously agreed consensus reached by those generalissimos! Only when Ling Yu is dead, they will completely stop!
During the time when Black Dragon escaped, King Lion produced a unique induction between the S-class mechs made by Mr. Aston! Before the arrival of the Military Department, Trent had already immediately led the Royal Guard Squadron to obstruct Ling Yu by surrounding him around the constellation of Cepheus. At the fastest speed, he created an illusion of Black Dragon and Ling Yu being buried together!
When the military forces arrived, they only saw Black Dragon's armor wreckage and Ling Yu's clothing fragments!
And because Rosen was too deeply passionate and attached a lot of importance to Ling Yu, he was too much of a forthright person to be able to pretend that he was deeply affected. Ling Yu is suspected without end that there was a traitor not only in the Dark Night Legion but also in the Glory Legion. Additionally, in his heart as far as him carrying Rosen's child is concerned, the matter is still very conflicting. Thus, Ling Yu reached a consensus with Trent, this matter will be temporarily withheld from Rosen.
Sure enough, Rosen faced the scene of the interstellar ruins with tears and set up a monument after returning home, finally letting those several generalissimos of the Military Department completely believe without fault the fact that "Ling Yu is dead."
Trent had spent more than a decade to think of every possible method to promote Rosen to a Marshal.
It is also because Rosen's most beloved person had "died", the Rosen's temperament has become indifferent and aloof like a walking corpse. The Empire's 5 four-star generals had a good, friendly relationship, but naturally, they also had conflicting views. The five generals who also refused to comply with anyone else permitting Rosen who was not friendly with them nor an influential powerhouse unexpectedly voted him through unanimously to become a Marshal.
Rosen became the Marshal.
Even if he is at the high position of a Marshal, any important military orders that he issues still must be approved by the vote of the five generals of the Military Department before they can be passed down to the lower chains of command. This is the tradition that the military has continued on for centuries - all the important decisions of the military must be voted through the five generals in order to be executable.
The Military Department only gave His Majesty the power of a figurehead and turned the royal family into puppets.
The Marshal that is elected by the Military is actually the Military Department's spokesperson who only has the rank of a Marshal but does not possess the greatest power in reality.
The real power of the Emperor's XX Department are still being passed down in the hands of the five influential families for centuries - the Bayh family, the Warwick family, the Stork family, the Orlando family, and the Sharman family.
This phenomenon has lasted for more than five hundred years.
Acting as a figurehead ruler, Trent is not in a hurry.
- The opportunity he is waiting for will arrive very soon.
***
Looking at the youth in front of him who looked like a Ling Yu, Trent's eyes became even gentler, he smiled as he asked: "Lin Yuan, have you ever heard about the Dark Night Legion?"
For a moment, Lin Yuan could not help but be lost for words, the Dark Night Legion? He heard this name while he was in the cockpit of Vermillion Bird matching his spiritual essence, the voice of that person in Vermillion Bird's memory was very similar to the father in his childhood memories.
Could it be that there was a relationship between my biological father and the Dark Night Legion?
Lin Yuan replied honestly: "I have heard about it, I also searched on the Internet, but I did not find any useful information......"
Trent said: "Naturally that is because the Military deliberately sealed off all of the information pertaining to the Dark Night Legion."
Lin Yuan widened his eyes in surprise, "Sealed off? Did that legion make a big mistake?"
Trent shook his head. "The Dark Night Legion not only made no mistakes but instead established plenty of meritorious services. It is quite a pity. The General of the Dark Night Legion, Ling Yu, was an Omega. After his identity was exposed, he was immediately expelled from the military registry by the Military Department and as a result, the Dark Night Legion was forced to disband."
Lin Yuan stared blankly, not daring to fully accept it, he asked in disbelief: "Just because he was an Omega, they rejected everything that he did just like that?"
The youth's question made Trent's heart slightly ache.
Yes, that's right. Just because Ling Yu is an Omega, everything about his outstanding military service has become a kind of mockery in the eyes of those generalissimos in the Military Department. How could an Alpha listen and obey the orders of an Omega? How could they be led by an Omega? How could they let an Omega take troops to attack the enemy on the front line?
This is simply beating all of those Alpha's faces.
In the days following the exposure of Ling Yu's Omega identity, the face of some of the Military Department's Alphas became very unsightly.
Trent was silent for a moment before saying in a low voice: "Lin Yuan, if you want to exchange one thing for another, you are allowed to choose. Do you want to be an ordinary Omega that gets married and has kids, or do you want to risk injecting inhibitors to become a soldier?"
Lin Yuan said without hesitation: "I definitely want to become a soldier!"
He paused, then added on: "Although this way is very risky, with the alternative being having to always be locked up at home and only being responsible for bearing children, what kind of life would that be anyways? What's the difference between being locked up like that and being a house pet?"
Trent couldn't help but let out a smile, "So there we have it, I will allow you to continue studying at school. You have to work hard, I hope that you will become an excellent general just like Ling Yu in the future."
He doesn't know why, but when His Majesty mentioned the General, Lin Yuan experienced an unusual aggrieved feeling towards him...... He is also an Omega, his experience was truly too miserable......
Can he really be a brave and excellent General like him?
For this one goal, even at the risk of one's life with all one's strength exhausted, it is totally worth it!
Lin Yuan tightly clenched his hand into a fist, stood up, and facing His Majesty, he saluted as he fell into a standard military ceremony. He gratefully said: "Your Majesty, thank you for your confidence in me! I will definitely redouble my efforts!"
Looking at the deadly earnest youth's serious appearance, Trent couldn't help but smile in the end.
- This child truly attracts people's affection. Caesar has fallen for him, he truly picked up a treasure.
Trent nodded and said, "Well, I looked forward to the day when I can personally confer you the rank of General!"
Lin Yuan soon overwhelmed from the favor he was receiving.
Why does His Majesty believe in me so much? Even though it is said that a soldier that did not wish to be a General was not a good soldier, Lin Yuan had also once dreamed in the past that he could become a General who was
a hundred answers to a single call
. Lin Yuan still understands his level very thoroughly. It would be pretty good to be a small-time soldier with his current ability......
(
TN
: OP I guess would be another way to say it? All powerful?)
Perhaps, His Majesty merely said this as an encouragement and nothing more?
In any case, there is a set goal with becoming a General as the objective, like this he will be more energetic when struggling. But also seeing as he is an Omega, becoming a top General is also considered to be striving for the voices of his Omega compatriots?
After thinking of it this way, Lin Yuan was relieved, he sent an appreciative smile towards His Majesty.
Queen Anna looked at his smiling expression and couldn't help but to softly say: "Alright, we're meeting in private, but it feels the same as holding a political discussion the Military Affairs Office. If everyone is done talking about generals, then shouldn't you also talk about the upcoming competition?"
Facing Queen Anna's smiling eyes, Lin became a little embarrassed and scratched his head.
The Queen's voice sounded gentle and soft like water, her smile also looked particularly amiable. As the mother of the Empire, Queen Anna seemed educated and well-balanced as well as classy. Is such an Omega the most perfect Omega in everyone's mind then?
He is not in the least comparable to this master who'd perfected this skill. Since he is just a person who plays with mechs on the Internet in his free time, how can he be a proper Omega?
Lin Yuan feels certain that at the time of his birth, his genes made a mistake.
Anna asked: "Lin Yuan, you are an Omega, can you beat those Alphas, and represent the school to go and participate in the national competition? Doesn't it subconsciously feel strange?"
Listening to Anna speak, Lin Yuan did have some doubts arise.
Anna smiled and said: "In fact, because piloting mech is not directly related to physical strength, but in other words, it's more related to one's mental threshold. That is, regardless of whether you are an Alpha, Beta or Omega, when you pilot the mech, as long as your reaction is fast enough, you can achieve your goal. The more advanced the mech, the greater the influence of your mental power on the mech."
Unlike the human face-to-face and hand to hand combat, the external form and function of the mech are the same, the pilot's hand speed and reaction ability determines everything, even if the one piloting the mech is a thin and weak Omega, as long as their finger's reaction ability is fast enough, they can also defeat a tall and robust Alpha.
Especially for an S-class mech, the pilot relies entirely on mental strength to communicate with the mech.
However, because pretty much all of the Empire's Omegas have to go to the specialized Omega schools to receive education, not very many Omegas have operated mechs, they're completely unaware of this secret...... the secret that can make them strong!
This secret was discovered by Brian's biological dad, Berg.
Berg is His Majesty's younger paternal cousin. He had always secretly studied mechs before he was married to Brian's father, Drew. After marrying the Bayh family, Mr. Aston appreciated his insights on mechs. In the process of developing a mech, Berg found that the influence of an Omega's mental power on a mech can unexpectedly reach the same level as an Alpha!
For this reason, Berg also personally conducted an experiment and found that he not only can pilot ordinary A-class and B-class mechs but even successfully control his husband, Drew's S-class mech Viper!
As one of the ten S-class mechs of the Empire, the Viper has the most powerful flexibility and assault ability out of the S-class mech. It has accompanied Drew Bayh for many years and is extremely loyal to its master. However, as an Omega, Berg surprisingly thoroughly conquered it with a strong mental threshold!
Mr. Aston smiled widely causing his eyes to squint. General Drew was immediately stunned......
Once this secret is known by people, it will definitely shake the centuries-old social foundation of the Empire. Therefore, Berg can only slyly tell the secret to His Majesty and the Queen.
Lin Yuan became aware of this matter straight from the Queen's mouth and also could not help but be shocked.
He has not had access to more advanced mechs. He only knows that the piloting level of a C-class mech has something to do with the pilot's individual basic essence, but he did not expect that the key factor affecting the mech is not physical strength, but mental strength.
The words of Queen Anna are like opening the door to a new world for Lin Yuan.
So what about physical strength being inferior to an Alpha? So what is one is an Omega? Omegas can also work hard to do what they like and live the life they want!
Seeing the surprised and excited appearance of the youth in front of her, Anna continued speaking: "So, Lin Yuan, you don't have to worry about it at all. Continue to work together with Caesar to earnestly prepare for the competition and go all out then."
Lin Yuan immediately replied: Yes! Queen, I will do my best along with everyone!"
Queen Anna nodded with a smile. "Then, in that case, I will be in the Imperial Palace, waiting to get the good news of you taking the championship."
***
Until the moment he departed the Palace with Caesar, Lin Yuan was still in a state of extreme shock.
How could His Majesty and the Queen have such nice temperaments? There was not the slightest bit of arrogance, their eyes are very gentle, and when they spoke they were also very amicable and approachable, especially the Queen, her voice is too gentle and soft, even more gentler than his mother.
Seeing Lin Yuan's face without that sort of dismayed expression from last night, Caesar's heart finally relaxed.
It seems that Father and Mother are very fond of Lin Yuan, they were surprisingly very gentle towards Lin Yuan, even Caesar also did not expect it.
After returning to his Palace and closing the door, Caesar suddenly looked at Lin Yuan and asked in a low timbre: "Xiao Yuan, do you still care if you are an Omega now?"
Lin Yuan scratched his head and said: "It's impossible not to mind, right? I have been a Beta for 18 years and to suddenly become an Omega, I am not really completely resigned to that fact now......"
Yes, I was at first a Beta, but while getting up in the morning, I was suddenly informed that I was actually an Omega. My beliefs of a full 18 years were suddenly destroyed. if someone else was in my position they may have already collapsed.
Fortunately, Lin Yuan's personality is very strong. He cried in Caesar's arms last night for the evening and then quickly recovered afterward.
Lin Yuan gave out a helpless smile: "It is already like this anyway. Besides accepting it, what else can I possibly do?"
Caesar looked at his helpless expression and couldn't help but reach out and gently grab his shoulder. He said softly: " It doesn't matter, whether you are Omega or not, you are still Lin Yuan, isn't that right?"
Lin Yuan nodded with all his strength, "Yes, I am still Lin Yuan. Everything except being an Omega has not changed!"
The two looked at each other and smiled.
Lin Yuan scratched his head and continued on speaking: "I had originally thought that if I was an Omega, I would definitely not be able to attend school, perhaps I would even be punished by the Military...... Caesar, I didn't expect that you were actually a Prince and even persuaded His Majesty to help me...... I can actually continue to attend school."
Lin Yuan raised his head and looked at Caesar earnestly: "Caesar, thank you, truly...... I don't know what I'd have done without you...... Thank you for helping me......"
Look at this little guy's grateful gaze, Caesar couldn't help but ask: "You really want to thank me?"
Lin Yuan sincerely nodded his head. "Without a doubt, this time you saved me. If it weren't for you, I might have been imprisoned."
Caesar smiled and said: "Then you can owe me a favor, there will be a chance to return it in the future."
Lin Yuan immediately said a simple: "Alright!"
He was completely unaware that Caesar secretly tricked him.
Laying his gaze on Caesar's smile, Lin Yuan's heart was still thinking...... Caesar is truly a good person. It's so lucky to have such a loyal friend.
***
After Caesar and Lin Yuan left, Trent's smiling expression faded away.
Anna softly asked: "Since Xiao Yuan has already appeared, should we tell Rosen the whole truth?"
Trent was taciturn for a second, then saying: "Ling Yu has never wanted Rosen to become aware of the existence of this child, his personality, as you know, still takes offense about the matter of Rosen's forced marking of him in the past. Besides, now is not the time to lay all of our cards on the table, the Military has been paying close attention to Rosen's actions. If Rosen and Xiao Yuan recognize each other, the truth will be exposed about Ling Yu's feigned death,
ruining the enterprise for the sake of one basketful.
"
(
TN
: Failing in the homestretch over a small thing.)
Having said that, Trent's gaze could not help but grow deeper.
As the one who took over the terrible mess that his father's generation left behind with the Military making His Majesty and the royal family mere figureheads, he must endure what an ordinary person could not possibly endure. The so-called gentle temperament has also been practiced to perfection for so many years.
Anna lightly sighed, and somewhat couldn't bear but to say: "Rosen has suffered enough torment in these years. Ling Yu's method is truly too cruel to him......"
Trent said in a low voice: "No hurry. There is the existence of this child Xiao Yuan, there will always be a day where the conflict between the two of them will be resolved."
Anna nodded. "I hope so."
Trent said: "Yes, three days from now is Mr. Aston's two hundredth birthday banquet celebration, is the gift ready?"
Anna said: "Rest assured, it's already ready."
***
At the same time, inside Rosen's apartment.
After returning from discussing politics in the Military Affairs Office, Rosen had a long dream. He dreamed that he had returned to his youthful years attending the military academy. On the eve of graduation, a few roommates slipped out to have a drink. Ling Yu was rarely drunk, he had to be carried back to the dormitories on Rosen's back.
After returning Ling Yu to his bedroom, Rosen sat on his bedside and looked at the slightly flushed face of the drunk youth who was sleeping on the bed. Eventually, he was unable to help but to become emotionally affected and stealthily laid a kiss down......
Early the following morning, After three years of being roommates, the four respectively left with their luggage. As an ordinary Beta without any powerful backing, in the end, Ling Yu was allocated to the preparatory battalion of the Dark Night Legion on the frontline by the Military Department.
Rosen looked back towards the departing figure and finally couldn't help but to call out to him: "Ling Yu."
Ling Yu incredulously turned his head back: "What?"
Rosen looked at the other deeply, after a good while, his mouth was stupid and he only spoke out one line: "......take care."
Ling Yu faintly spoke: "You too."Later on in the dreamland, he again returned to the day he brought back Ling Yu from the prison.
He dreamed that Ling Yu was pregnant and he had been there all along to accompany him and look after him from his side. Not too long after, Ling Yu had just given birth to the child, Ling Yu's expression as he held the child in his arms looked to be especially gentle. He sat on the bedside and extended his arms to tightly draw the bundle close to his shoulder......
Ling Yu quietly asked: "Give a name for this child, then? How about...... What do you think about that one?"
Rosen heard his tender voice say: "As long as you like it."
In his dreamland, Rosen was just like an outsider, he stood by and looked upon that warm scene of the family of three together. His nose was bitter and a stream of tears threatened to flow down.
He trembled, reaching out his hands, wishing to touch the child's face. However, everything in the dreamland suddenly grew particularly fuzzy. He couldn't hear the child's name, he couldn't see the child's appearance clearly. Reaching out his hand and in a flash, all that was beautiful then suddenly faded away from his vision......
Rosen woke up.
Rosen wrinkled his brow as he got out of bed and went to his apartment's back garden.
It was currently very late at night. The night was cool like water and the silvery white moonlight enveloped the ground as if it were a layer of light muslin. There is an ice-cold tombstone sat in the back garden, it was engraved with a row of clear-cut handwriting: the Imperial Dark Night Legion, the Tomb of General, Ling Yu.
The side of the tombstone was packed full of planted flowers.
Winter had just passed, those flowers seemed to suddenly awaken overnight, all around the tombstone blossomed into
beautiful purples and brilliant reds
.
(
TN
: They don't have to be specifically red and purple flowers, it's just a saying that means beautiful flowers.)
This kind of flower is called a primrose.
Legend has it that in the Greek mythology of the ancient earth era, there was a young man named Balalisuosi. He had a beautiful fiancée. They were looking forward to the day of marriage, but later his unmarried wife died of illness. Because of this young man's excessive sorrow, he also passed away in spite of everything. A God pitied him, he turned him into flowers, placing them next to his lover's tombstone, letting him eternally accompany his lover.
Every year during the springtime, this flower will bloom. Year after year, the flowers bloom and wither. At last, this flower of beautiful purples and brilliant reds blossoms to cover the mountains and plains as far as the eye can see, forming the most magnificent landscape.
This is the origin of the primrose.
This flower represents the meaning of: There is no other love except for you.
- There is no other love except for you.
- In my life, I have also only loved you, Ling Yu.
Recalling the dreamland from just a moment ago, Rosen felt a stab of pain in his heart.
How good would it have been if Ling Yu and that child were still alive?
The author has something to say:
(
TN
: Before you hop down here the author wrote a spoiler in her authors note in the last paragraph so to avoid ya'll jumping on my throat here's a precursory spoiler warning.)
The legend of primrose is true
, the primrose is also the lucky flower of Aquarius and Aries~~(Suddenly becomes educated in fine arts and literature)
(
TN
: Yep. Nope. I died. There's no such legend in Greek mythology and I only found little snippets of a similarly worded paragraph on the Chinese side. The author said it was true so I don't really know. I spent 40 minutes looking, I gave up. His name is left in Pinyin because like all bloody hell I tried to find something on that too. I can never look at a primrose again, but I did learn that an additional meaning was "I can't live without you." and that kinda hurt thinking about it.)
I see many students asking in advance for spoilers, Rosen and Ling Yu will be together, there will be meat after they are together, this author does not write tragedies.
Chapter 045: The National Competition
(
TN
: Changed it back to Suzaku shrugshrugshrug~ sounded cooler and easier to just leave it like that.)
The gathering time for the training is early in the morning at 9:00, Caesar pilots White Feather along with Lin Yuan to return straight to the hotel at the fastest possible speed.
In the cockpit of White Feather, Lin Yuan couldn't help but ask: "White Feather, are you really an S-Class mech?"
Facing Lin Yuan, White Feather turned into the shape of a feather and performed a lively twisting motion, it excitedly spoke to him: "Are you feeling super surprised? I am indeed an S-Class mech! I told you that I have the most advanced firepower system in the Empire mounted on my body, I can immediately blast that hotel into a big pit!"
Listening to White Feather shooting off his mouth in there, Caesar could only feel utterly helpless. As the master of White Feather, Caesar sometimes genuinely really wanted to bring this guy to the Mech Association and wash his brain.
Fortunately, Lin Yuan seems to be quite chatty with it in return. He smiled and said: "Are you really so formidable? Back when Caesar lent you to me for the competition training, the control panel I saw was C-Class, it looks completely different now."
Lin Yuan inquisitively looked at the flashing bright-white nerve wire that floated in the air. The thin line of thread was lightly wrapped around Caesar's finger. Entering through the finger, the peripheral nerves were linked and connected with Caesar's brain. Caesar had no need to manually press any buttons, White Feather will immediately execute any thought from his brain, this was equivalent to "human and machine as one."
White Feather excitedly said: "Yep! At that time, Master had me turn into C-Class to let you practice. Just then I forged a C-Class control panel for you! S-Class mechs can change shape. Do you want to see? I could change into something for you if you want?"
Lin Yuan asked with some interest: "What can you change into?"
White Feather proudly said: "I can change into many kinds of shapes. I can become all types of flying mechs, my original form is a bird. I can change into a dragon, ah, a butterfly, ah, a phoenix, ah, and so on...... Of course, when landing, I can also become a humanoid. This is the most basic skill! When necessary, I can even temporarily remove the weapons from my body for my Master's use, letting my Master directly take over hacking people down!"
Once White Feather's chatter mode is turned on, it's simply unable to stop!
Caesar finally couldn't stand it any longer, he commanded: "White Feather, pick up the pace to the hotel, we'll be late."
"......Oh!" White Feather was forced to give up on the idea of Lin Yuan's detailed discussion over the proposal of the changing shape and sped up its flight speed toward the hotel.
Lin Yuan stood inside the piloting room and looked outside through the porthole to watch the scenery. Caesar walked up to Lin Yuan's side and said in a low voice: "If you like White Feather, I can lend it to you in the future."
Lin Yuan swiveled his head back, "Really?"
"Of course, it looks like White Feather really likes you." Caesar smiled, "However, you're going to have your own mech very soon. I bet when that moment comes, you'll no longer have White Feather in your eyes."
Lin Yuan doubts: "My own mech?"
Caesar nodded and said: "Did you forget? In this National Competition, if our school team can place in the top three, all contestants can receive a C-Class mech...... When the time comes you will have a pleasant surprise."
Lin Yuan remembered this reward and as he listened to Caesar's words, he suddenly began to look forward to it more and more.
***
By the time they returned to the hotel together, it was 8:50 in the morning. Instructor Knox and the other eight contestants from St. Romia Military Academy had already gathered at the hotel's main entrance.
Lin Yuan had been marked by Caesar and there was the distinct scent of Caesar on his body. Fortunately, the medicine that Big Prince had given him completely concealed this scent. The current smell of Lin Yuan's pheromones is still that of a Beta, their classmates held not even the slightest suspicions of him and Caesar.
Lin Yuan couldn't help but gingerly touch the nape of his neck.
The teeth marks on the nape of his neck are very distinct. Even when he just runs his fingers across the marked area, he feels his whole body grow soft. It would unavoidably be discovered. Caesar specially found a high-collared piece of clothing to give to him and cover it. In the future, he'll probably have to wear this kind of high-collared clothing all the time in school.
But it doesn't matter, compared with being able to keep his Beta identity to continue attending school, "the mark on the back of his neck" is merely a trivial matter. Lin Yuan does not mind this at all.
At last, Knox led the group of people over to the mech competition's training site.
Because the rules of the National Competition are relatively complicated, the Mech Association has arranged all the teams to go to the competitions playing field three days before the game to train and briefly familiarize themselves with the rules.
The National Competition is stretched into a three-day schedule, divided into an obstacle course,
pressure competition
, tactical competition, and the final group showdown. For each competition, every group sends out five players to enter the arena, at most, one person will participate in three matches, and the 10 competing contestants can freely combine.
(
TN
: Renamed from stress competition, the rules will be explained later.)
Because each match accumulates points differently, as a result, the instructors who lead the team must make a choice when there is an insufficient amount of talented people.
However, Knox was not worried in the slightest. The top ten students of St. Romia Military Academy are reckoned to be one of the very best and outstanding contestants among their peers in the entire Empire. They are rushing straight towards the championship title and will not concede to defeat in any of their matches!
Knox divided the group according to the characteristics of each player and the mech type they are most familiar with.
Lin Yuan and Caesar are the crowned victor and runner-up of the school-wide competition. As the seeded players, they must play in three matches. Lin Yuan is required to compete in the pressure competition, tactical competition, and the final group showdown. Caesar is required to compete in the obstacle course, tactical competition, and the final group showdown.
Under the command of Knox, the intensive training was carried out.
***
Time flies by fast and on the morning of March 3, the National Mech Competition finally began.
The President of the Mech Association, Patrick, personally delivered a speech at the opening ceremony, and the prizes for the top three were also lumped together to be exhibited. Each contestant that is delegated a place in the top three as well as the rest of the school's contestants in the competition who express excellence as a competitor will receive a mech worth more than 500,000 crystal coins. They are also immediately exempt from the exam and receive the piloting qualification certificate for a C-Class mech!
After the president displayed the prize, the audience immediately broke out into an enthusiastic and joyous cheer......
On the VIP spectator's grandstand.
The man wearing a white military uniform suddenly smiled and began to speak: "This year's grand competition looks to be a truly magnificent sight. The number of participating schools has more than doubled compared to last year, right?"
The adjutant next to him immediately and respectfully said: "That's correct General! According to the statistics, there are a total of 98 teams are participating in the National Finals this year and there were 45 last year! Practically more than doubled!"
The man lightly stroked his chin, "En, you take a good look around here, look for a few good seedlings, put their number down and then let me know." As soon as he finished speaking he turned around and walked to the VIP lounge, "I'm going to get a bit of water first."
The adjutant suddenly became lifeless, turning his head, he saw his General leisurely walk as if he was going for a simple stroll in a park, putting his hand in his military uniforms pocket. He walked painfully slow towards the lounge, the four gold stars on his white military uniform glisten and shine under the light.
-
Udir Sharman.
(
TN
: And a new gong appears! Whose? Don't ask don't tell, major, major spoilers~)
- Head of the
Japanese Rose Legion
, one of the 5 four-star Generals of the Empire.
(
TN
: Specific kind of rose, it's not specifically Japanese, but it's generally found in Asia and that's the English name. Thought about leaving it as Rose so if you think that sounds better leave a comment.)
The Japanese Rose Legion is a force belonging to the Shaman family. Their warships are emblazoned with a blooming white Japanese Rose and the uniform of the entire legion has also been standardized as white. The ancestors of the Sharman family were very fond of delving into literature and the arts, so they had wished to choose a name from a flower or plant for their legion. A Japanese Rose looks beautiful but is actually full of danger. This is the meaning that the ancestors of the Shaman family meant to suggest when they gave this name to the legion.
As the heir to the Shaman family, Udir naturally also inherited an elegant demeanor along with a shared interest of literature and the arts. As a generalissimo, as far as the study of flowers, plants, and trees are concerned, he can easily write a book about it. Their house was specially built with a greenhouse cultivated with organic soil filled with all kinds of rare flowers and plants. It truly makes their subordinates utterly blush in shame.
Udir has a tall and slender build, he looks very handsome. He also has a head full of long golden hair and his eyes are an azure blue like the sky. It could be easily said that he is extremely eye-catching in a crowd. As an Alpha, it was already strange enough for him to keep his hair so long, but additionally, on the back of his head, he had his hair in a plaited braid as if he were a
rebellious artist
. Regarding Omegas, he always appeared to never show a trace of longing for one. The Omega Association gave him a choice of a prospective partner for marriage that he refused on the grounds of "dislike". This sort of justification just makes the president of the Omega Association extremely angry but also very helpless!
(
TN
: Apparently something in China where it's considered that men growing their hair long (or vice-versa) shows that they are seeking attention and have an inferiority complex? This is commonly found in male artist's who wish to show their defiance of the norm especially in a strict country like China where impressions are everything? Not sure take it with a grain of salt.)
Perhaps it was the omega pheromone resistance class that made him sexually indifferent? In any case, he is still a bachelor to date, ranking first in the Empire's primary bachelor ranking chart.
The VIP spectator's grandstand and the VIP lounge are all used by the higher-ups of the Mech Association and important generals of the Military. They are very familiar with Udir. He makes no secret of taking a stroll as he walks right through the lounge. No one finds it surprising.
Although, there was a gossipy figure that even covertly commented about him: "Ah, there is that bachelor......"
Udir seemed to hear, he turned his head back and shot a friendly smile in the other's direction.
The man immediately became frightened and shut his mouth.
General Udir appears to be soft like a gentleman, but he is so ruthlessness that it makes those with any will to live know that they should not seek death!
Udir entered the lounge and beyond any of his expectations, saw a familiar face.
The tall man still had no facial expression, wearing a neat and tidy black military uniform, his face is frozen as if it were coated in a layer of crystallized frost. His deep eyes are glazed over like they were the frozen surface of a lake and with his cold and detached manner, "Any living person who dares disturb me will die" is practically written on his face.
Udir felt no fear of death as he walked towards him, he smiled and said: "Marshal, you also have the spare time to come and see this competition?"
Rosen nodded, faintly "En.", then bypassing Udir, he immediately went towards the VIP spectator's grandstands.
Udir turned his head and looked upon Rosen's arrogantly retreating figure, faintly narrowing his eyes, and then turned around to pour some water.
***
By the time Rosen reached the spectator's grandstands, the matches had already begun.
St. Romia Military Academy has just entered the arena.
The first element of the obstacle course competition is very simple. The five competing contestants from the teams enter the field, thinking about how they should operate their mechs to cross all of the obstacles to reach the endpoint. The average time of the five players is averaged and they are discharged according to the length of time in their school's ranking. The obstacle course has a special requirement- prevent St. Romia Military Academy's air combat mechs from entering the field.
Knox directly sent out a single wolf-type mech that specialized in grounded warfare.
The five-person team consisting of people such as Caesar and Leo is like a uniformed pack of wolves. The five people are piloting the wolf-type mechs over the obstacles one after another. The precise leaps and bounds make the audience erupt out into a wave of applause. They even neatly rise up in one bound, directly leaping over a tall 10-meter wall!
This is the power of St. Romia Military Academy!
In just three short minutes, five people completed the entire obstacle course competition. Making the rivaling school's contestants who had just used six minutes to pass through all of the obstacles prostate themselves in admiration!
At the same time, the field's broadcast announced in a ringing voice: "Congratulations to St. Romia Military Academy team for breaking the historical record in the obstacle course, the new record is 3 minutes and 05 seconds!"
This scene received enthusiastic applause!
When Caesar came down from the field, Lin Yuan immediately gave him a thumbs up: "You were so cool just now!"
Caesar who had obtained such praise put him in a wonderful mood and he couldn't help but smile. He lightly patted Lin Yuan's shoulder: "Good luck with the next match."
Lin Yuan immediately nodded: "Don't worry, I will not humiliate our school!"
Because the rules restrict each contestant to participate in at most, three matches. Knox wants to preserve Caesar for the second day's tactical competition and the final group showdown, the following pressure competition allows him to take a break for the time being.
Lin Yuan and four of his other teammates went out to the playing field together.
The second match is the pressure competition, five contestants must face a siege of a large number of mechs. They have to find a way to kill the mechs to ensure the survival of their teammates. The enemy mech is naturally an advanced special unmanned attack-type mech arranged by the Mech Association. The number of attack-type mechs will be greater and any player who is attacked at a vital part will immediately be eliminated until the five players are completely wiped out.
The longer you resist the attacks, the higher your team's ranking will be.
At the beginning of the game, the five people piloting the mechs formed a large circular formation back to back to meet the mech siege.
Only one or two mechs were attacked at the beginning, and they were quickly KO'd by teammates.
Gradually, the mechs began to attack more and more, each person has to fight one, not even to say that sometimes one person faces a situation where they need to fight two or more mechs at the same time by themselves!
Lin Yuan calmly operated his humanoid mech, traveling back and forth with the rest of his team, and with a sword in hand, he slashed downwards without a trace of politeness and killed the unmanned mechs!
The No.7 player of the St. Romia Military Academy team with the red humanoid mech simply runs on the playing field like a strong warrior! He can not only deal with the position of defending himself, but he can also look after his own teammates!
Just then, one of his teammates had just turned their back when an attack-type mech that appeared behind him. He looked on as the edge of the blade made its way to strike the nape of the mech's neck. During that split second, Lin Yuan, who was not far away suddenly extended his arm and directly moved it sideways to block the other's attack and at the same time he jumped up and swung his sword down and KO'd the enemy!
- It's so cool!
The audience broke out in cheers and applause that almost collapsed the entire roof of the stadium!
St. Romia Military Academy's team were besieged by a group of unmanned mechs, resisting wave upon wave of attacks, and unexpectedly resisted for a full ten minutes! Until finally, more than 20 attack mechs simultaneously emerged. At last, everyone was helplessly wiped out.
The field broadcast once again emitted a ringing voice: "Congratulations to the St. Romia Military Academy team, powering through the pressure competition stage and breaking the historical record. The new record is 10 minutes and 33 seconds!"
There had been two consecutive instances of breaking records, this is the best school in the Empire - This is the strength of St. Romia Military Academy!
Lin Yuan came down from the playing field and went to the school's resting area. He had just barely walked out from the mech's cockpit when Caesar immediately smiled and stepped forward, giving him a bear hug.
"......" Lin Yuan's brain suddenly came to a halt.
Caesar put his chin on his shoulder and whispered into his ear: "You did so well Xiao Yuan, you're truly too strong......"
His voice sounded a bit excited.
Lin Yuan who was met with praise became embarrassed, he scratched his head as he said: "Fortunately, I didn't make the school lose any face."
The teammates hugged each other to celebrate their victory. It goes without saying that this was a completely ordinary act. But strangely enough...... In that split second, Caesar just suddenly stepped forward and tightly embraced him into his arms. Lin Yuan's heartbeat felt like it suddenly stopped for two seconds.
His heartbeat suddenly went out of control...... Probably because...... He was too surprised just now......?
Lin Yuan vaguely thought about it before he returned the smile and hugged Caesar back, then turned and walked over toward several of his other teammates.
To the side, the senior teammates saw Caesar embracing Lin Yuan and also rushed over to swarm him like bees in order to hug Lin Yuan as an expression of encouragement for their junior schoolmate.
Caesar: "......"
The scene of his own Omega being embraced by his other classmates is simply unbearable for Caesar!
Even if the person holding him is Beta, it won't work!
Seeing Lin Yuan being hugged in praise by a senior Beta, Caesar immediately stepped forward. After the senior brother released Lin Yuan, he immediately afterward took Lin Yuan's shoulder in his grip and forcibly took his Omega to the lounge.
Lin Yuan feels awfully puzzled: "Caesar? What are you doing?"
Caesar feigned a calm voice, "Thirsty? Come drink a bit of water."
Lin Yuan didn't have any time to say that he was not thirsty, Caesar quickly shoved a bottle of water into Lin Yuan's hands.
***
On the spectator's grandstands, Rosen's perpetually ice-cold face also broke out into a rare smile.
That No.7 humanoid mech just now was just as bold and powerful as a lively dragon and an animated tiger, the pilot was really Lin Yuan? Many of his moves were learned from the electronic notes he gave him. He didn't expect him to be able to master it after studying it.
In just one short month, the level of this child has actually increased so much?
The both bright and hard-working little guy had improved at lightning speed, it really makes a person feel very gratified
Seeing the contestants leave the game one by one, Rosen smiled, then turned and left the spectator's grandstands.
When he walked out of the spectator's grandstands doorway, he suddenly came face to face with Udir.
Udir smiled and said: "Marshal doesn't want to watch it for a while longer? St. Romia's team just played very wonderfully, ah."
Rosen said faintly: "Of course, they will definitely win the championship."
Rosen left immediately afterward, Udir slightly narrowed his eyes and leaned his body towards the adjutant and quietly asked: "The No. 1 player and the No. 7 player of St. Romia, I want their details."
"Understood! General! I will go get it at once."
All the finalists' information was kept in the hands of the Mech Association. The adjutant quickly took a detailed list of names and returned, Udir looked at Caesar and Lin Yuan's two names on the list. He smiled and said: "Sure enough, the No. 1 player is the Fourth Prince. As for that little guy, No. 7 named Lin Yuan......" Udir paused, "Well, isn't this quite interesting."
Udir handed the list of names back in the hands of the adjutant and said: "After the competition ends, contact Lin Yuan to see if he has any interest in joining the Japanese Rose Legion. This is indeed a good seedling."
The adjutant immediately and respectfully said: "Understood, General!"
***
The first day of the competition ended very quickly. The next day's tactical competition will have all of the competing teams offloaded onto an uninhabited planet near the Sheffield Star to carry out the competition. Ultimately through chaotic warfare will the teams reveal their talent to reach the end and victoriously prevail.
During the evening, Knox specially called upon the five players who would be participating in the tactical competition to the room to carefully brief over a few things.
In the tactical competition, they employ a three-person defense and a two-person charging method. Lin Yuan and Caesar were in charge of breaking through. The other three people will dispose of anyone who gets in their path. The two people who charge through the siege must pilot a kind of flight-type mech.
Caesar is a versatile kind of player and it is naturally reasonable for him to be set up like this. Although Lin Yuan has always liked to operate humanoid mechs, in fact, he had already mastered the flight-type mechs for a long time now. It's just that Lin Yuan was somewhat nervous with being assigned such a formidable task.
After going back in the evening, Lin Yuan couldn't sleep at all, while on the other hand he silently recites the operation manual of the flight-type mechs, while simulating the scenario of how to avoid the besiegers persuing and attacks...... Caesar noticed that on the bed to his side, the little guy was continuously tossing and turning. Finally, he couldn't bear it any longer and switched on his bedside light.
As expected, Lin Yuan really opened his eyes and locked onto Caesar's line of sight. He said feeling somewhat embarrassed: "Did I wake you up?"
"No, I also couldn't sleep." Caesar looked at him and said, "Are you too excited to sleep?"
Lin Yuan nodded, "En, a little bit."
Caesar thought about it, "White Feather, give Xiao Yuan a sleeping pill." Then he once again looked at Lin Yuan and said, "You still have to compete tomorrow morning, you need to have a good rest. Don't think too much. I'll cover you in tomorrow's match."
Lin Yuan hesitated all of the sudden, "What happens if taking the sleeping pills makes it so that I can't get up?"
Caesar smiled and said: "Rest assured, I'll call you out of bed."
Lin Yuan let go of his worries and ate a short-acting sleeping pill and soon fell asleep.
As Rosen expected, the next day's tactical competition, St. Romia Military Academy's team still displayed the finest standard of the Empire! The three team members disposed of any hindrances on the ground and Lin Yuan and Caesar directly broke through with a pair of flight-type mechs to break through and redouble the siege!
Amidst the chaotic battling of the multitude of schools, Lin Yuan and Caesar joined forces to take care of each other and protect each other. They avoid the besiege with their precise operation and with the grandeur of a rainbow, directly attack to the end!
***
After obtaining victories in the past three days, the St. Romia Military Academy's team once again pocketed the championship trophy.
The participating players from other schools were also worthy of praise. Among the participating players, many of them are from remote planets and were selected as prominent players in this competition because of their outstanding individual abilities. Because of this, the president of the Mech Association also personally awarded them the prizes of a C-Class mech.
It was not until the moment that he stood on the winner's podium that Lin Yuan finally realized "It seems that I have become powerful."
While thinking this he felt joyous, he couldn't help but think of the senior who had coached himself.
In the afternoon, no sooner after the Mech Association finished conducting their driver license procedures and having the mechs certified, Lin Yuan urged Caesar to return to the hotel with the prize. "Caesar, didn't that senior say that he would invite us out to dinner after the competition was over? What day did you make the appointment on? Wouldn't it be better for me to invite you guys out to eat next time? You both have supported me so much, I should treat you both to dinner right away!"
Looking at his face full of expectation, I wonder what expression will be on his face after he sees the Marshal?
Caesar smiled and said: "I have an appointment with him to meet up tomorrow night. Won't you first call out your mech to take a look?"
"Right, I haven't seen it yet......" Lin Yuan only then recalled this prize. The mech space button he got was a fine necklace and the silver chain with the red crystal pendant looked especially beautiful. Lin Yuan held the red pendant in the palm of his hand and said excitedly, "Hello, ah. I am your Master, Lin Yuan. Can you come out and say some things to me?"
The pendant suddenly flashed and then a room appeared inside. The red mech stood more than two meters high.
The dark red metal on the mech under the light luminously burns and illuminates the entire room, the contours of the body are smooth and natural, and the red indicator light on its eyes lights up, indicating that the system has been completely activated.
The mech only replied back in a soft and warm voice: "Master, hello."
Lin Yuan stared blankly for a moment, "This voice seems to be a bit familiar?"
The mech said softly: "Yes Master, we have met before, I am Suzaku."
Lin Yuan: "......"
Suzaku continued to say calmly: "Lin Yuan, I am willing to recognize you as my Master. From now on, I will only be loyal to you."
Suzaku merely extended one of its own hands and put it in front of Lin Yuan.
Lin Yuan felt very humbled receiving such favor by a legend!
Isn't the prize for this competition a C-Class mech?
If he remembers correctly, Suzaku is S-Class!? And didn't Suzaku crash?!
Seeing Lin Yuan's shocked face, Caesar smiled and explained: "Actually, Suzaku never crashed. White Feather and I rescued it on the way down and temporarily converted to C-Class. Its intelligence center is still that of an S-Class. It wishes to recognize you as its master because your spiritual threshold exceeds the set value of Suzaku, your spiritual harmony had reached 100% compatibility on your first try."
Lin Yuan: "......"
He was simply unable to believe it at all.
Just as he thought he was finally awarded a prize, in the end, he had thought it was only a small piece of candy. When things came to a head, he discovered that it was unexpectantly a ginormous cake that could only be completely finished after three days......
Lin Yuan was shocked and said: "Then...... how did Suzaku become a reward?"
Caesar said: "I secretly switched out your original prize and palmed it off with Suzaku. Only in this way will the Mech Association not suspect anything."
Looking at the red mech in front of him, Lin Yuan's mood is both highly complex and very excited. The color, shape, and even the intelligent character of the mech is the type that he particularly likes......
It was actually an S-Class intelligence system! He never even dreamed of having an S-Class mech for himself one day......
However, it has already had a master before and moreover, the master of the S-Class mech is definitely an especially powerful character. Can he really have it?
Lin Yuan spoke full of embarrassment: "Suzaku, although I like you very much, it's only that I don't appear to be qualified enough to be your master, right?"
Suzaku spoke in a gentle tone: "No, you are very outstanding. I completely acknowledge your ability, Master. "
After it spoke, it lightly extended its hand towards Lin Yuan's direction.
Lin Yuan immediately rejoiced stretched his hand out and placed on the large palm of the mech. He moved to make the agreement with the mech.
Great! After that, Suzaku would be his own!
Lin Yuan gently touched Suzaku's hand and smiled as he said: "Suzaku, you can rest assured, I will take good care of you in the future!"
Suzaku: "......"
The youth's brilliant smile and candid gaze made Suzaku suddenly feel somewhat moved.
Although this was all to find General Ling Yu, Suzaku genuinely and sincerely recognized the ability of the Small Master.
Suzaku said in a low voice: "Thank you, Master."
Lin Yuan and Suzaku officially sealed the subordination contract between the master and the mech.
After a long time of restraining itself, White Feather finally couldn't help but yell excitedly: "Predecessor Suzaku! Long time no see, ah! You finally found a new master. This is great...... It can now be said that I will now be able to see you every day from now on, right?!"
Suzaku: "......"
Once again encountering this chatterbox, Suzaku suddenly wished to shut itself down.
The author has something to say: I don't want to drag the pace down so the competition is getting settled in one chapter! Cough cough, obviously can't always skip the plot just to write smooches and lovey times~~
I know that everyone is on their toes, I am already speeding up! The next chapter is the Marshal's dinner party!
(
TN
: Whelp time for an explanation for my break~ I was woken up this Wednesday with 10+ notifications from my friend. The gist of the situation was her mom had severely injured her foot and she needed someone to go with her to an out-of-state anime convention, they were going to be vacationing for a week. The clincher was that they were leaving that day, in fact, 6 hours from when I had woken up. So I had packed my things and we drove all the way. The con took all of my energy and the time back at the hotel wasn't so long, but I still used all my free time to work on it. I'll be back at home by Tuesday so updates should return to normal. Peace~)
Chapter 046: Dinner Gathering
After becoming Suzaku's master, Lin Yuan had been in a state of constant excitement. Even while lying down in bed, he couldn't feel even an ounce of sleepiness.
By this time, it was already very late at night. Caesar on the next bed over breathed evenly. Evidently, he had already entered the land of dreams. Lin Yuan reached out and lightly gripped the dark red pendant on the necklace. At this moment, he suddenly heard a sound from the space button on his chest, it sounded like the voice of Suzaku......
The gentle timbre belonging to the mech is not transmitted to his ear through sound waves, rather it was directly sent into his mind......
Inside the room, it is still very quiet, but the sound of Suzaku's voice abruptly appeared in his mind. Lin Yuan had even originally thought that it was a figment of his own imagination until the voice in his mind became more and more clear: "Master, can you hear me speaking?"
Lin Yuan stared blankly for a moment, strongly wishing to reply, but he could only listen to Suzaku's voice as it spoke: "You don't need to speak. Currently, our consciousness are in a connected state, I can sense the thoughts flowing through your mind."
Lin Yuan suddenly opened his eyes wide in shock — Could this be the legendary mental communication?
Between S-Class mechs and their master, they do not need to speak and can also attain the "human and machine as one" mental communication?
Just as Lin Yuan was shocked to the point of being left speechless, Suzaku who was speaking through his thoughts, replied in a soft voice: "Correct, Master, because previously at the museum we had already conducted the spiritual match and the compatibility had already exceeded more than 100%, now we don't have any need to speak between us, we can communicate directly through our mental connection."
Lin Yuan: "......"
He has a mech companion who can read and understand his own mind, this feeling is really too mysterious, before he even has the time to ask, it will tell you the answer right away!
Lin Yuan excitedly grabbed the red pendant in his hand and said in his mind: "Suzaku, can you really understand my current thoughts? We can communicate like this and others won't know right?"
Suzaku said: "Correct, Master."
Lin Yuan's pair of eyes shined, not only did he obtain a fellow companion he could speak to privately, but it was also something that you would also never for eternity have to worry about leaking your secrets because it is your mech. After the mech reaches an agreement with the master, it will be eternally loyal towards the master!
Lin Yuan said excitedly: "That's really great. Suzaku, I always wanted to ask you a question, can I?"
Suzaku said softly: "Master, do not hesitate to ask alright, I will tell you all I know."
Lin Yuan sorted out his thoughts right then, from the bottom of his heart he said: "Actually, I have always been very confused before. At the time when I was being spiritually matched with you, I have some remaining memories that flowed into my mind and a few of them belong to you. In your memory, there seems to be a general, that person's voice sounds very familiar, it especially resembles my father's in my childhood memories...... Can you explain to me what is going on here?"
Suzaku was silent for a moment, then said: "Master, how much else do you remember about your father?"
Lin Yuan said: "My memory before the age of four is very fuzzy. I only remember that I used to live by the sea. My father told me to be a normal and happy Beta." Lin Yuan paused, " Before I was never able to understand the meaning of those words. Until last night I never understood, I realized that I was originally an Omega, my dad had me become a Beta by giving me injections of Omega pheromone inhibitors to carry out a gender-changing experiment...... "
Saying as much, Lin Yuan can not help but feel a sense of disappointment bubble up.
—Under a freak combination of factors, In the end, I was still unable to become a Beta and failed to fulfill my father's wishes.
Although he had received Caesar's help and His Majesty's backing, so he could still completely pretend to be a Beta to continue to attend school. In essence, he is nevertheless an Omega and will always be an Omega. For the rest of his life, he can only rely on inhibitors to live on. If by any chance a problem with the inhibitor arises, what should be done? What should I do if my identity is discovered by others?
Although Lin Yuan gives the impression that he isn't bothered in the slightest on the surface, in reality, his heart is still a bit sad. An entire 18 years of living with a Beta identity has been completely shattered just like that, and he became an Omega overnight. It couldn't be entirely accepted by anyone.
Every time during the dead of night, he thinks of those Omegas who are locked up at home to give birth to children, they can't make friends, each year they will be sent into an irregular period of estrus. When in estrus they resemble a wild animal that longs for the embrace and possession of an Alpha. Afterwards, they get pregnant and then give birth to a child...... Monotonously boring days and mediocre life, this is the situation faced by the 5% of Omegas in the population.
......they are really too pitiful.
Sensing the Master's sad feelings while reading his thoughts, Suzaku also could not help but feel deeply sorry for him.
It does seem as if the optimistic Little Master suddenly finding out that he is an Omega had actually made him feel sad in his heart then? After all, in this society, being an Omega, some might as well be a housepet. Especially as those Omegas who have strong opinions say, to be shut off at home and bear children, living is simply not as good as dying.
Suzaku was silent for a while before softly said: "Master, don't be sad, I will always accompany you."
Lin Yuan's whole heart warmed up, he smiled as he said: "Thank you Suzaku...... Fortunately, I have Caesar and His Majesty's support. I can still continue to study. Compared with many Omegas, I am already very well off......"
Lin Yuan paused and changed the topic to say: "Right, Suzaku, I always feel that in your memory, that General is like the same person as my Dad, their voices are very similar, and the way they talk is especially alike...... Who is that General after all? Did he truly sacrifice his life on the battlefield?"
Suzaku: "......"
Lin Yuan wondered aloud: "What? Is it inconvenient to say?"
Suzaku: "......"
His surroundings were so terribly quiet, that Lin Yuan could almost clearly hear the sound of Caesar's breathing on the bed next to him.
He had even thought that Suzaku just didn't respond to his question, Lin Yuan could not help but to repeatedly ask the question again: "Suzaku? Who is that General"
Suzaku was silent for a long time, after a while, it said in a low voice: "......He is Ling Yu."
Lin Yuan stared blankly ahead, he didn't respond for a while.
Until the thoughts in his mind began flowing again, Suzaku's voice seemed to be choking with sobs: "My former Master, the head of the Dark Night Legion...... Is also the father in your memories...... He is Ling Yu......"
Lin Yuan stayed deathly still, unable to say a word.
***
That night, Lin Yuan and Suzaku mentally communicated and exchanged all of their memories with each other.
Lin Yuan's impression and memories about his dad during his childhood flow through his mind and the memories flowing through Suzaku's mind about its impression of Ling Yu, gradually merged from two indistinct shadows into a distinct and as well as a clear-cut solid form.
That person had a pair of jet-black and clear eyes and his cold and insipid gaze seemed to hold no emotions. His clothes were a military uniform that he wore with his back proudly straight to the extreme and whenever he gave orders down the chain of command, his voice was always calm and steady. His timbre purely shone his decisiveness to refuse to be rejected and his determination!
Recalling the father in his memories, he also had the same appearance, he just simply just took off the heavy military uniform and put on simple casual clothing. When he hugged himself, the corner of his lips would involuntarily show a trace of a smile, his pure and clear voice is also a bit more gentle.
— This is precisely that Ling Yu, the young General of the Dark Night Legion, his own biological father!
In Suzaku's earliest memories, Lin Yuan clearly saw the scene of Suzaku's first encounter with his father.
Many years ago, after Mr. Aston manufactured this red S-Class mech, many high ranking military officers in the Military wanted the right to pilot it. The mental threshold of those generalissimos was naturally not low and they were more than capable of achieving a 100% match or more with Suzaku, however, when Major General Ling Yu, the lowest rank in the Military entered the cockpit of Suzaku, it caused a shocking scene to take place —
The first time he combined his mind with Suzaku, unexpectedly, the compatibility between Ling Yu and the mech immediately soared up to 300%! This also means that Ling Yu's mental strength is three times higher than the set value of Suzaku!
Mr. Aston immediately proclaimed this mech's owner to be Ling Yu, the mech was then personally given a name by Ling Yu.
The red S-Class mech also immediately recognized Ling Yu to be its master at the same moment when their compatibility exceeded 300%. Ling Yu gave it a name, calling it Suzaku. The higher-ups of the Mech Association were witness to the affiliation of the Ling Yu and Suzaku's subordination confirmation, and to additionally request Ling Yu to leave behind a copy of Suzaku's system.
Ling Yu smiled at once and said faintly: "No need, as far as I'm concerned, Suzaku is the only one."
Then just like that, he piloted Suzaku, and in the eyes of everyone, whether they be either shocked or resentful, he spread his wings to fly far away to the blue dome of the heavens!
From that day on, Suzaku accompanied Ling Yu to the Dark Night Legion.
The military uniforms and warships of the Dark Night Legion were a sort of dark blue that looks close to being black. Their warships are emblazoned with a bright crescent moon as a symbol for their legion. The tone of the entire legion is contrarily darker — like a hunter in the dark of night creeping forward, this is the origin of the Dark Night Legion's name.
After the fiery red Suzaku came to the Legion, it suddenly became the most beautiful smear of color in the Legion! At the time when Ling Yu took Suzaku back to the Dark Night Legion, because the General had an S-Class mech, the entire Legion in regards to this even held a celebratory party!
Not long after, Ling Yu led the Dark Night Legion to rush to the front line and confronted the Federation's hostile forces directly.
In that age of being enveloped in the flames of war, those deep dark blue warships that almost blended into the darkness of the night plus the bright red S-Class mech that was bathed in flames became a deadly weapon that made the Federation's hostile forces lose their gall the moment they heard any wind of their arrival! Thanks to the excellent commanding ability, Ling Yu repeatedly won victories and gained outstanding military service. The Dark Night Legion's fame became more and more widespread. Until the day that Ling Yu led the Vanguard Battalion to mount a sneak attack in the Isville Galaxy, all that glory suddenly ended......
Lin Yuan was just like a spectator as he spent one night witnessing firsthand the glorious as well as the short-lived military background of his biological father.
The beautiful dreams of his youth, leading his legion in high-spirits to charge and assault their enemies, the joy of their victories, the sorrow following the deaths of his comrades-in-arms, and ultimately the helplessness and despair of his Omega identity being exposed due to the failure of his inhibitor......
Those memories entirely remain in the intelligence center of Suzaku, it is clearly conveyed to Lin Yuan's mind through the mental connection between both Suzaku and Lin Yuan.
Lin Yuan can even vividly feel all the emotions he has felt!
His heart felt as if it were gripped mercilessly by a pair of hands, it was so unbearable that he could hardly breathe.
It turns out that my father has experienced so much hardship filled with so many twists and turns.
It turned out that Dad was that legendary Omega General in the Empire's history. He was faithful and true to the Emperor's XX Department and repeatedly made successful military exploits on the front line. But in the end, he was ruthlessly expelled from the military registry and the General was even sentenced to lifelong house arrest......
Once Suzaku's memories ended, Lin Yuan found that the rims of his eyes had already become red.
Holding the pendant space button in the palm of his hand, he abruptly tightened his grip as hard as he could, Lin Yuan could not help but swear from the bottom of his heart —
Dad, everything you were met with, there will be a day your son will personally take it back for you.
***
The consequences of his toiling with insomnia all night long is that the next day, Lin Yuan didn't wake up until 3 p.m. in the afternoon.
The school team was required to stay in the capital star until the conclusion of the 600th anniversary of the Empire celebration. On March 9th, the day of the military parade ceremony, the top three teams who won their place in the National Mech Competition will all be able to spectate on-site. Thus, the hotel's room has been booked until the morning of the 10th, the daily accommodation and meals have all been arranged by the school.
After Lin Yuan got out of bed to wash his face and rinse his mouth, he casually chatted with Caesar for a while on the internet, and then the agreed time for the dinner gathering soon arrived. Caesar had White Feather turn into an ordinary suspension car, carrying the two people to over to the arranged restaurant.
Rosen had already long since been waiting in the private VIP room.
The name of this restaurant is Firefly, which is an extremely well-known specialty restaurant in the capital star. The restaurant adopts a VIP membership regulation. Only the special personnel with a membership card can enter. The private rooms in the restaurant are independent of each other. Each private room has its own separate passageway. There is absolutely no need to worry about running into any people you do not want to meet while dining here. Therefore, the Firefly Restaurant has also become a place where many high-ranking military leaders meet their important friends privately.
The greatest feature of this restaurant does not only lie with its privacy and its wide variety of dishes but more importantly, the glass walls in the private rooms are filled with fireflies raised in batches. When the roof's ceiling is lifted up, one can look through the portholes to see the boundless night sky. When dining at night, encompassed by the encirclement of glowing fireflies, above your head being the most resplendent starlight, sitting in this restaurant is like placing oneself in the middle of nature.
This is the most romantic restaurant in the capital star.
Of course, Rosen's selection of this restaurant had nothing to do with its romantic environment, rather because of its privacy.
— He is meeting with Lin Yuan privately. This matter cannot be known to anybody.
As soon as Lin Yuan entered the restaurant, he widened his eyes in shock.
The fireflies fluttering in the transparent walls on both sides of the passageway emitted a faint fluorescence. Lin Yuan had never seen so many fireflies before in his entire life, he walked through this kind of long passageway surrounded by fireflies, listening to the soothing music that thrummed in his ears. His original mood of excitement has become even more stirred up!
This restaurant is far too extraordinary and beautiful!
Lin Yuan couldn't help but lament from the bottom of his heart.
Under the direction of the intelligent robot, Lin Yuan and Caesar passed through the verification channel and walked up to the door of the private room at the end of the passageway.
Nervously pushing open the door, fully prepared to say "Hello Senior" yet he found himself unable to say anything at all. Instead, Lin Yuan found himself standing stupidly frozen in place!
—Sitting on the opposite side of the dinner table is an extremely handsome man. The man has deep facial features. The bridge of his nose is cut straight and sharp and under it, there is a pair of thin and sensual light-colored lips. His jawline looks as if it were carved by a knife and it gives his whole face a very resolute silhouette, and his abstruse eyes are ice-cold like a frozen surface on a lake during a winter day.
When the man saw the two people and unexpectedly let out a rare smile as he said, "Come over and take a seat."
Lin Yuan's mind suddenly became blank.
— Rosen Bessemer, the youngest Marshal in the history of the Empire, was sitting right in front of him and smiled at him.
In order to pass the entrance exam for the military academy, he'd studied the modern military history of the Empire for a full month to the point where he could recite it by heart. Lin Yuan is completely confident in himself that he would not mistake that person in front of him! Moreover, Marshal Rosen's photos were spread all over the Internet. Back when the Pearl Spacecraft was hijacked by the Federation's hostile forces, it was also Marshal Rosen that had saved them all. Lin Yuan had already seen this man's face on the spacecraft's screen. He had even heard his voice with his own ears......
No wonder, I felt that the master's voice sounded somewhat familiar to me......
It really turned out to be the Marshal!
Lin Yuan suddenly felt like he was dreaming!
Rosen had been his most admired idol for as long as he could remember. He is the person he reveres the most from the bottom of his heart. The senior who had formerly gave guidance to himself was actually that Marshal Rosen? This is simply unbelievable......
Lin Yuan's gaze meeting the smile of the man in front of him immediately made him feel at a loss.
Facing the Marshal, should he greet him with a standard military ceremony? But he didn't wear his military uniform today, rather he's dressed in civilian clothing from top to bottom and he's even sitting there smiling...... Does a Marshal who wears civilian clothing need to be saluted?
Seeing the bewildered and tense face of the youth in front of him, the corner of Rosen's lips could not help but stretch out wider and in a soft voice, he said: "Come and sit down, I invited you both out for a meal today, just chat casually, there's no need to mind any military etiquette"
"......Understood! Marshal!" Lin Yuan was flattered as he walked to the other side of the dinner table.
Caesar immediately pulled out the seat for him, letting him sit down, and then he sat beside him.
Rosen selected a private room with a four-person layout. The dining table was not large at all. There will be less of a sense of distance when sitting face to face and eating.
Seeing the youth's head drooping nervously down, Rosen's heart became soft and he passed the electronic menu over in front of Lin Yuan. He said softly: "I don't know what kind of foods you like, I haven't ordered anything for the time being. You can order now. You can just directly check the box if you like it."
Lin Yuan hurriedly took the menu with his hands and nervously said: "Tha- thank you, Marshal!"
Even up till now, Lin Yuan has still not recovered from the shock of seeing his idol, his soul has still not returned to his body......
Picking up the electronic menu and giving it a quick once-over, sure enough, it really lists out dishes of various flavors. Each dish even has an extremely lifelike picture with them. Furthermore, to the side, there are even detailed text descriptions. Lin Yuan has never eaten many of them before and there were even some he had never heard of.
Lin Yuan swiped his finger across the screen and looked over each page one by one. Looking at the photos of those delicious foods and delicacies he couldn't help but excessively salivate. However, the Marshal of the Emperor's XX Department was sitting right in front of him and Lin Yuan would truly never dare to express free rein and foolishly order the food.
Lin Yuan handed back the electronic menu, smile full of embarrassment as he said: "Marshal, I don't really understand too much, you two are much better off ordering."
Rosen looked at Caesar and said faintly: "Caesar, do you know what Lin Yuan likes to eat?"
"......I know, I'll order it then." Caesar had no choice but to accept his request, he took the menu and quickly under the basis of Lin Yuan's usual preferences, ticked off a lot of specialty delicacies.
The dishes selected in the electronic menu will be passed directly onto the kitchen. Within five minutes, the service robot will bring the piping hot dishes inside.
Exquisitely formed pastries, chicken legs, barbequed meat, poached fish, pork ribs......
Looking at the fine foods that were set up on the table until not an inkling of space was left, Lin Yuan's stomach suddenly couldn't help but loudly grumble.
"......" Lin Yuan immediately felt ashamed and wished for death, he lowered his head and in an instant, his face became red.
As Rosen saw the youth's face reddening in shame in front of him, he suddenly felt a trace of softness emerging in his heart— this little guy is obviously starving to death, right? When he saw me as the Marshal, he was certainly very nervous and shocked. When he sat down, he drooped his head completely at a loss, not daring to speak with his mind thrown in such disorder, and he didn't even dare to eat anything. Seeing the table full of delicacies, his stomach past his expectations honestly made a loud rumbling noise on the spot.
Hearing the sound of his stomach, Rosen couldn't help but let out a small, minuscule laugh and just took a small spherically shaped pastry and put it down on Lin Yuan's plate. "Taste this, this is the capital star's regional specialty. The fruits of these plants are grown underground and then are steamed with mint leaves."
— Mar-marshal is giving himself a dish?!
Lin Yuan was immediately humbled by receiving such favor and merely took the pure white round pastry and raised it up and put it into his mouth......
As soon as the pastry entered his mouth, the change was instantaneous, like it was entirely made of snow, the tip of the tongue tasted a faint bit of sweetness and it mingled with the cool and refreshing mint......
Extremely delicious!
While eating the delicious food, Lin Yuan couldn't help but raise his eyes: "This is...... really tasty!"
Meeting the youth's glistening gaze, Rosen became tenderhearted and couldn't help but take a piece of barbecue and place it on Lin Yuan's plate: "Taste this."
Lin Yuan spoke with a red face: "Tha-thank you, Marshal, I will get my own just fine......"
Rosen smiled and said: "No need to be so nervous, think of me only as an elder who has invited you out to dinner. Alright? Eat a little more, no formalities."
Seeing that Rosen had said as much, Lin Yuan gradually set aside his tense mood.
Rosen turned his head towards Caesar and said: "You two have performed pretty well this time in the National Competition. I went to see the first day of the competition."
Caesar smiled and said: "En, Lin Yuan has made great progress."
Lin Yuan hurriedly followed up: "I really didn't expect that the master who guided me was actually the Marshal......"
Rosen explained: "At the time, I was just passing through your school. I heard Caesar say that the level of your mech piloting was pretty good, so I wanted to meet you right away."
Lin Yuan embarrassedly scratched his head and spoke earnestly as well as with gratitude: "My level was originally awfully amateur. It is only thanks to your guidance that I can make so much progress in a month......"
While it was originally a simple and conventional greeting, coming from the mouth of this boy, his clear and sonorous voice, his earnest gaze, the cute way he scratches his head to show his embarrassment, by just looking at Rosen's eyes, he feels a special poke aimed right at his heart.
I don't know why, but when I saw this boy, I couldn't help but feel a trace of warmth welling up from the bottom of my heart......
The sincere smile on the boy's face is like the warm sunshine that breaks through the clouds and is gently cast upon on the planet on a winter day.
For so many years, I have been all by myself and have no children under my knees. I don't know if I could be able to recognize him as my adopted son. He said last time that his father died many years ago. Obviously, this child has never experienced his father's love as a child...... If I could become his father......
This crazy thought suddenly flashed through his mind, but Rosen quickly used reason to stifle it.
Several of the generalissimos in the Military fight and scheme against one another, the situation is grim. If he recognized Lin Yuan as his adopted son, he would definitely make Lin Yuan become the main target of those Generals' attention.
— He had better keep with secretly protecting him.
He would wait for when he graduated and all grown up and then he will bring him to his side, leaving him with fewer twists and turns along the way.
Rosen made up his mind and he didn't say much more, single-mindedly watching Lin Yuan immersed in eating.
When this child eats everything, he is just like a little squirrel...... It's so cute......
In addition, he was also like a greedy cat, the amount of food was quite large, but mouth his incessantly keeps moving non-stop, and he didn't even fill himself to the point of bursting after eating so much?
Lin Yuan, who is buried in a variety of delicacies he has never eaten before, is completely unaware of the warm gaze casting light on his head.
After eating his fill, he raised his head and wiped his mouth. He listened to Rosen right away as he said, "Is it enough? Is it not enough? Do we need to order some more things again?"
......Did the amount of food he consume really shock the Marshal?
Lin Yuan said with a red face: "N-no need, I-I am already full."
Rosen pressed the button on the table and the robot responsible for settling the bill immediately came in. The soft mechanized voice said: "Greetings, the total amount spent on this meal is as follows, please verify your card after swiping......"
Lin Yuan originally wanted to say that he came to treat them, but the Marshal has already taken out his crystal card, Lin Yuan was forced to dispel any further intention.
It seems that it would not be too good to fight over footing the bill in front of the Marshal?
After the dinner gathering concluded, Lin Yuan once again politely expressed his thanks towards Rosen: "Marshal, thank you......"
Rosen smiled and said: "You're welcome, I don't have much time to keep you company, let Caesar take you all around the capital star for a stroll. Later on, there will be an opportunity to see you again."
Lin Yuan immediately excitedly nodded and said: "Alright! See you again Marshal!"
Lin Yuan and Caesar together turn away to depart together, Rosen looked at the receding figure of the youth, at the moment Lin Yuan turned and bowed his head, his gaze abruptly changed —
He had only seen the underside of the boy's neck, covered by the shirt collar, faintly revealed the outline of a mark, but as he moved to lower his head, the mark became much clearer in front of his eyes......
With a calm face, Rosen began to speak: "Lin Yuan, you come over."
Lin Yuan stared blankly for a moment and turned to walk back to Rosen entirely in confusion, "Marshal?"
Rosen had him to turn around and reached out his hand to stretch his collar down. Sure enough, in the position of the Omegas gland behind the youth's cervical spine was clearly marked! In the wake of Lin Yuan's close proximity and the mark in front of him, his unusual pheromone scent was also finally noticed by Rosen!
— Even though it smells like a Beta, it is mixed with the faint smell of Alpha and Omega pheromones!
— Clearly, Lin Yuan is an Omega, nevertheless an Omega that has just recently been marked!
Rosen's face entirely changed out of the blue, and his penetrating gaze immediately swept toward Caesar's tense expression. He asked coldly: "Caesar, what is going on?"
The author has something to say: Today is Christmas Eve, is just in time for the birthday of our classmate Lin Xiao Yuan!! I wish you all a joyous Christmas Eve! Peace, safety, health, and abundance!
(
TN
: Don't look at me, terrible cliff hanger is not my fault~ Anyways I'm back and I'll try to push out another quick update to make up for last week. Although I would have probably done the same regardless with this deadly cliff hanger~ Ouch. It hurts me and I even know what happens next!)
Chapter 047: Planet Rennes
What's going on?
After Marshal had asked that question, it did not only affect Caesar who instantly became as stiff as a corpse where he stood, but also Lin Yuan who had a sudden chill go down his spine!
— We're so screwed, the mark was unexpectedly discovered by the Marshal!
The teeth indents situated on the nape of his neck was the mark left by Caesar in order to suppress the fluctuation of the pheromones in his body when he was facing the onset of estrus a few days ago. From a distance, it may have not been clear enough, but in such close proximity, it would be unmistakably clear!In the past few days, Lin Yuan has been continuously covering up the mark by wearing high-collared clothes and as well as pasting bio-adhesives onto the marked area. This kind of medical adhesive plaster looks transparent and will slowly adjust to the appearance of the surrounding the skin after being pasted to the area of the wound. It completely conceals any mark.
He got out of bed late today and he took both a shower and a bath before going out. Because he was too excited to see the mysterious master, Lin Yuan was careless for a moment and had forgotten it.
As a result, it was discovered by the Marshal on the spot......
Lin Yuan stiffly stood in place, he didn't know what to do.
—Has his identity of an Omega been exposed to the Marshal?
—As the highest commander in the military, in the face of such an Omega that is blatantly violating the military regulations, will he go outside the law to show him a bit of favor by not judging him too harshly?
Lin Yuan apprehensively opened his mouth to speak: "Marshal, I......"
"I left this mark." Caesar softly said, cutting off Lin Yuan's words. He stepped forward and reached out his hand to grasp Lin Yuan's shoulder, he defended Lin Yuan without batting an eyelid and calmly greeted Rosen's gaze and said, "Marshal, since you found out, I am forced to also tell you the truth. Lin Yuan really is an Omega. He had been injecting inhibitors for years, but because of the inhibitor failing on the day before the competition, I temporarily marked him in order to suppress the pheromones in his body."
Lin Yuan: "......"
Caesar said it so directly, it makes Lin Yuan hang his head even more uneasily.
Rosen looked at the boy with head drooping down and his fingers clenched, he couldn't help but feel a slight ache from the depths of his heart —
This child is actually an Omega? How did he escape registering under the Omega Association? How did he covertly study at the St. Romia Military Academy? There has been a previous instance such as Ling Yu who was punished, is he so fearless about being discovered by someone that he doesn't see living as good as being dead.
Rosen frowned slightly, looking at Lin Yuan with deep gaze he said: "Lin Yuan since you are an Omega, why did you still attend the military academy's entrance exam? Don't you know how severe the consequences of joining the military as an Omega are?!"
Hearing the Marshal questioning him with such a stern voice, Lin Yuan's complexion abruptly flashed white.
Caesar hurriedly comforted him by tightening his grip on Lin Yuan's shoulder and looked up at Rosen as he said: "Marshal, you mustn't blame him for this matter, he has also just barely become aware of the truth. Through these past years, he had always thought that he was a Beta......" Caesar took a moment to pause, "Lin Yuan is an orphan left behind on a battlefield. He was not registered with the Omega Association when he was born. Later, he was raised as a Beta by his foster parents......"
Perhaps Caesar's action of gripping his shoulder had given Lin Yuan a trace of courage. Lin Yuan finally took a deep breath and raised his eyes to meet the gaze of the Marshal who he had revered the most ever since he was a child. He said calmly: "Marshal, I did not deliberately violate any military regulations. Ever since I was young, I always wanted to be a soldier, so I went behind my family's back and in the end, I went to the entrance exam to attend St. Romia Military Academy. I really didn't expect to be an Omega."
Lin Yuan paused for a moment before abruptly changing his tone, he calmly and steadily said: "Since you know the truth, just punish me according to the military regulations then! But, just because I am Omega, I will never accept being expelled from the military registry or being shoved into a prison, even if those are the regulations of the Military!"
— Inside the youth's clear eyes, they are filled with unyielding defiance with no chance of surrendering.
In a trance, Rosen suddenly recalled the scene when Ling Yu left the military tribunal many years ago. Even though Ling Yu did not say a word, he, however, stood tall with his back straight, his indifferent gaze, his smile lifted in a taunt, and everything on his expression indicating...... he did not surrender!
Both are Omegas, both have the same black hair that looked as if it were ink, both had the same clear and bright light shining in their eyes, and both when faced with something going against their beliefs also have the same unyielding temperament!
Rosen's heart suddenly trembled and there was a crazy idea that was practically on the verge of spilling out -
The youth in front of him was too much like Ling Yu...... It was simply like he was Ling Yu's own child.
If Ling Yu gave birth to an Omega son, his temperament should be exactly like this.
That child would surely be just like Ling Yu. They would not want to be locked up at home to bear and raise children, but would rather want to stubbornly go live the life they want. They would never resign themselves to being a canary confined in a cage to bear children. They wish to imagine themselves flying like an eagle towards the free and vast blue sky!
Looking face to face towards this youth, Rosen even had the illusion of seeing Ling Yu back when he was younger.
He didn't know how long he had been staring at his face, but Rosen took a deep breath and looked towards Caesar and said: "How many people know about Lin Yuan being an Omega?"
Caesar hurriedly replied: "Lin Yuan's foster mother, the doctor who has been taking care of him from an early age, my Father, my Mother, my big Brother, plus myself and Lin Yuan. There are currently seven people who know this secret."
Rosen nodded then said: "I am the eighth. Do a good job of maintaining secrecy, don't let there be another ninth person!"
Lin Yuan widened his eyes in astonishment and incredulously looked up at Rosen: "Marshal...... You-you're not going to punish me?"
Rosen smiled and said: "I not only won't be punishing you, but I will instead appreciate you very much. You...... are very much like an old friend of mine." Rosen paused and continued on, "After graduation, if you are interested, when you are filling out your aspiration form, you can fill in the Glory Legion. I want you to come over to my First Guard Battalion."
Lin Yuan suddenly froze in place.
Just now his mind was stretched taut, he had thought for sure that the Marshal who was cold and indifferent, as well as extremely hard-lined and principled would arrest himself directly according to the military regulations! Unexpectedly, in the blink of an eye, the Marshal actually joined the friendly faction, not only concealing the truth on his behalf, but he even invited him to the Glory Legion?
The Glory Legion!
Ever since he was a child, his favorite and most desired legion was the Glory Legion!
This happiness really came out too unexpectedly......
At long last, Caesar was able to loosen up his facial expression. Even though he had already anticipated such an outcome, there was certainly a sense of oppression just then in which his heart practically stopped beating from the tension when the truth was said aloud. The reason why he dared to tell Rosen these truths, apart from Rosen's individuality not stubbornly adhering to old ideas as much as the other generalissimos in the Military, there was still an additional reason...... It was none other than Ling Yu.
Caesar still remembers the scene when he went to the Marshal's home as a child and caught sight of the tombstone......
General Ling Yu was Rosen's most beloved person and it was also because of his identity as an Omega that he was punished by the Military......
Confronted with Lin Yuan's situation being exceedingly similar to Ling Yu's in his youth, Rosen never would have had the heart to hand him over to the court-martial.
Sure enough, it was just as Caesar expected, Rosen did not punish Lin Yuan even after finding out the truth, instead, he wanted to protect him.
Seeing Lin Yuan's expression become dumbfounded in a flash, Rosen couldn't help but smile and say: "What? You don't like the Glory Legion?"
Lin Yuan hurriedly said: "That's not it! I-I-I......" Lin Yuan was too excited to speak properly, awkwardly scratching his head, turning towards the Marshal with a red face, he saluted him following proper military etiquette, his voice trembled as he said: "I'll obey your orders! Marshal!"
Looking at the excited blush on his face, Rosen could not help but slightly raise the corners of his lips: "Then I will leave a place open for you in the First Guard Battalion, awaiting upon your graduation."
Lin Yuan immediately stood upright: "Thank you, Marshal! I will bring you the best possible achievements when I see you!"
Rosen nodded with satisfaction, "Okay, go back you two, I have to take my leave first until next time we gather. "
***
Caesar and Lin Yuan pilot White Feather to return to the hotel.
After following the two departing figures with his eyes, Rosen withdrew his smile and his eyes gradually deepened.
Although he did not ask too many questions just now, he certainly had quite a lot of doubts about this boy at hand.
Being able to escape the Omega Association's registration is absolutely impossible for a simple battlefield orphan!
Only the combination of an Alpha and Omega will give birth to such a pure-blooded Omega descendant. Although there were many Alphas among the soldiers who were sent by the Emperor's XX Department to the frontline battlefield. It would still be impossible for their Omega partners to follow their husbands onto the battlefield! Even if the child was born, it would also be impossible for it to be born on the battlefield!
During pregnancy, the Omega will stringently be looked after by the government. The child would also be born safely in the hospital. According to the standards of the hospital, following the birth of the child, they will conduct genetic sequence testing to find if any Omega genes had been inherited and then are immediately registered into the Association!
Lin Yuan was able to escape the registration of the Omega Association, it is impossible for this to have happened by chance, rather someone did it deliberately!
Obviously, some people wanted Lin Yuan to grow up as a Beta.
— Who could it have been?
Could it have been the organization where Ling Yu was in back in those years, had it not been completely cleaned up by the Military?
Thinking of this, Rosen couldn't help but wrinkle his brows slightly.
In those days, Ling Yu also escaped the registration of the Omega Association under the deliberate concealment of his parents. Growing up as a Beta, he was then fully admitted to the St. Romia Military Academy and later became the youngest Major General of the Empire.
If it weren't for his inhibitors sudden failure, it would have been impossible for anyone to find out that he was an Omega......
After Ling Yu's identity was exposed, the Military Department indignantly followed the vine to get the melon to find the secret organization studying Omega inhibitors and they caught each member in a net with one fell swoop!
— That organization is called "Undercurrent" and takes the meaning of "going against the current from place to place."
The members of the organization are all Omegas and there is no lack of some talented medical scientists!
Could there have been someone from the organization that escaped the Military's arrest? Continuing on to study inhibitors under the radar?
If not......
With Lin Yuan, a child who grew up in a commoner household, where did his inhibitor come from?!
The more he thinks about it, the more uneasy he becomes, the strange irritability in his heart makes the man who had always previously been cool-headed and had a tight grasp of himself wrinkle his brows exceedingly tighter.
Finally, the man took a deep breath and stood up from his seat, he picked up his communication device, and immediately connected to the command room of the Glory Legion's commanding mothership through the highest-access channel requiring fingerprint and retina scan verification.
At this moment, Lieutenant General Victor in the command room just recently patrolled the entire legion. After receiving the communication request from the Marshal, he immediately fell into a proper upright stance and gave a standard military ceremony to Rosen, "Marshal!"
Rosen nodded and said: "Victor, I'm leaving it up to you to temporarily act as the head of the legion and command on my behalf, I have an important matter that requires me to take leave for three days, and I will come back before the military parade. Don't let anyone know that I left the capital star! "
Victor immediately saluted: "Understood! Marshal! "
This Lieutenant General Victor has served in the Glory Legion for nearly a decade, from a small-time soldier in the First Guard Battalion, he slowly rose to the rank of lieutenant general, the vice-commander of the Glory Legion. It can be said that Rosen personally groomed him as a trusted aide, he was loyal and devoted towards Rosen. After Ling Yu's incident occurred, Rosen already suspected that the Glory Legion had a mole inside, so he fostered another round of subordinates to be completely loyal to himself.
Rosen is completely at ease towards this calm and cool-headed subordinate of his. After he finished his briefing, he immediately walked out of the Firefly Restaurant.
The night sky of the capital star is vast and full of stars, at 11 o'clock in the evening, it should have already been time to rest.
But Rosen didn't feel any inkling of exhaustion. The crazy speculation about Lin Yuan's life in his mind made him practically unable to sit or stand still!
Rosen no longer hesitated to summon Black Dragon, having Black Dragon turn into a suspension car, he drove off to the area of a vast and uninhabited region. Then, the S-Class mech directly shifted into the form of a gigantic black dragon under the master's command. Soaring and as well as rising up in the air, it dove headfirst into the vast cosmos!
Resembling a water-blue crystal, the presence of the capital star on the screen grew smaller and smaller. The purely white nebula and the small moon that twinkles with a shining white light rapidly retreat into the distance. The black dragon broke through the bindings of Sheffield's atmosphere within the period of a minute, flying straight out of Cepheus!
Rosen stationed himself in the cockpit and used his index finger to gently streak across the galaxy route map.
The virtual route map enlarged several times in front of him, each and every small celestial body was depicted in the simulation and flashed in different colors of light, Rosen decisively pointed his finger towards a remote corner of a galaxy located in the Cigar Galaxy, a pure white minor planet —
"Go to Planet Rennes, execute a space jump right away!"
"Understood!"
Black Dragon immediately carried out it's master's command, the space in the universe was infinitely compressed, and the orbit between the galaxies was continuously drawn closer and closer......
The speed of an S-Class mech as compared to an ordinary warship is twice as fast, compared to those of large passenger ships, it would be even greater than ten times as fast. Black Dragon has made three consecutive space jumps according to the route map, flying to the Cigar Galaxy's Planet Rennes at the fastest possible speed—
***
At the wee hours of 12 a.m., the capital star's Royale Hotel.
Lin Yuan was lying on the bed, holding the dark red pendant in the palm of his hand. Since he couldn't sleep, he couldn't help but to once again start up a mental exchange with Suzaku. Suddenly he had a thought that having a voice speaking in his mind every day in the dead of night like this was an especially fascinating feeling, and it also made him feel particularly warm.
If one has a lot of things that they wouldn't dare say to another person, they can just talk to their mech......
Lin Yuan quietly spoke from the bottom of his heart: "Suzaku, today I actually saw the Marshal with my own eyes, he is better than what I imagined, I had thought for sure he would punish me......"
Suzaku said softly: "Not at all Master, Marshal is actually a very good person."
Lin Yuan excitedly nodded: "Yeah, when Dad was still the General of the Dark Night Legion, the Glory Legion frequently provided assistance to Dad, right? "
Suzaku replied: "That's right, that was back when they were still classmates in college, "
Lin Yuan spoke filled with joy: "Then they must have been very good friends I presume...... "
In Suzaku's memories last night, Lin Yuan had seen the shadow of Marshal Rosen and his mech Black Dragon a few times, in those days on the front line, his biological father, Major General Ling Yu and General Rosen from the Glory Legion were the best of partners. The Glory Legion had in many prior instances, given the Dark Night Legion emergency assistance in critical moments.
Only, Suzaku's memory was interrupted right at the moment when Dad's inhibitor failed and he was sent into estrus.
Lin Yuan had no choice but to watch as his Dad awakened Suzaku in that final moment, having Suzaku change the flight orientation of the Dark Night Legion's mothership, and then ordered Adjutant Knox to come in. After that, Dad was taken away by Adjutant Knox to a sealed escape hatch. Coming back to half a month later, Dad personally took all blame and bid Suzaku a final farewell.
Whatever happened in the past half of the month was blank in Suzaku's memory.
Where was Dad taken by Adjutant Knox or how was his estrus period solved? These are both things he has no way of knowing.
Lin Yuan is somewhat inquisitively asked: "Suzaku, who do you think is my Alpha father?"
He had just become aware of Ling Yu being his biological father last night. Due to the excessive amount of shock and sadness, Lin Yuan did not ask Suzaku about the matter of his other father. After everything had calmed down, he began to give it some thought. Since I was born, Dad must have been completely marked by an Alpha in those days. With Dad's prideful personality, who would have marked him?
Suzaku said softly: "Sorry, Master, this matter is also completely unknown to me. At the time when the Dark Night Legion made an emergency landing on Planet Rennes, Adjutant Knox had taken the General away, the General did not bring me along."
Dad was probably too proud...... He didn't want to let Suzaku, the one who had accompanied him for so many years, catch sight of his sorry appearance while in estrus.
Lin Yuan said with a smile: "It doesn't matter, I'm just casually asking, that's all. Perhaps it was one of Dad's subordinates or comrade-in-arms then?"
Only Knox knows all this.
However, even though Lin Yuan desperately wanted to know the identity of his Alpha father, he did not dare to ask Instructor Knox. He cannot let any other people know that he is an Omega. It was even more impossible for Lin Yuan to even tell Knox to his face that he is the son of Ling Yu.
......that Alpha father, may have already passed away long ago then?
Lin Yuan wished to fall on the ground feeling a bit lost.
***
8 a.m. the next morning, Planet Rennes.
After eight hours of space travel and three consecutive space jumps, Black Dragon finally took Rosen from the distant capital star to this remote planet.
Planet Renne's weather is very cold and the snowfall all year round makes it all the more barren and desolate. The streets are cold and cheerless. Occasionally, some large-scale suspension cars pass through in the sky's orbit. The names of various mineral corporations are emblazoned on the cars. The original residents of this planet become fewer and fewer and the remainders are mostly soldiers from legions dispatched by the Military to extract minerals and as well as their families.
The majority of the soldiers who were dispatched to this desolate planet are Betas and on the entire Planet Rennes, Alphas and Omegas were rarely seen.
Rosen piloted Black Dragon to descend on Planet Rennes. Prior to descent, he had already transferred out Lin Yuan's details from the database of the St. Romia Military Academy through the highest channel of access. He knew the identity and background of Lin Yuan's foster mother.
In order not to attract attention, after Rosen landed on a vacant lot, he walked directly to the front door of Lin Yuan's childhood home.
Reaching out his hand to press the doorbell, a sweet-tempered woman arrives to open the door. After seeing Rosen, she was clearly stunned all of a sudden. She questionably asked: "Hello, may I ask you...... who are you looking for?"
Rosen spoke as gently as possible: " Are you Lin Yuan's mother?"
Mrs. Lin nodded her head and nervously said: "Xiao Yuan is my family...... Did something happen to him?"
Rosen smiled for a bit and said: "It's nothing, you don't need to be so nervous. Lin Yuan is very good. I am an instructor at his school. I was just passing by here and wanted to take a look inside his home while I was at it." Rosen said that he just casually took out the proof of identity that was sealed with a stamp that had just recently been printed out by his mech.
— This is an instructor's home visit?
Mrs. Lin suddenly felt extremely flattered and hurriedly opened the door and said, "Please, why don't you come in."
Rosen entered the house and was immediately asked by Mrs. Lin to take a seat on the sofa.
Mrs. Lin turned around and went to pour water. Rosen without moving an inch or making a sound gave a look around the place Lin Yuan grew up in...... This household looks to be very poor, this kind of outdated residence with three bedrooms and two living rooms was already being quickly washed out nowadays. The living space had less than 80 square meters of room. With only three small rooms, all of which were bedrooms that didn't even come with a study. The various kinds of installations around the house also seem to be quite old-fashioned and the robots that sweep the floor inside the house are all models that had been discontinued a few years ago.
Did Lin Yuan really grow up in such an environment?
Rosen inexplicably felt somewhat distressed.
Just then, a delicate and pretty young girl abruptly exited the kitchen. The girl had bound her hair in a simple ponytail on her head, it gave the impression of being very energetic. When she saw Rosen, she was startled for a bit and then asked in the direction of the dining room: "Mom, do we have a guest over?"
Ms. Lin hurriedly said: "We do, this person is a military instructor from your younger brother's school, he was just passing through our planet and decided it would be convenient to take a look inside the house. "
Lin Yao looked somewhat unconvincingly at the man on the sofa.
......compared to the online photos, doesn't he seem to resemble the Marshal a bit, ah? But not so much wearing casual clothing?
How could the Marshal come here, it's probably just a slight resemblance, right?
Lin Yao no longer thinks about it too much, she walked over and smiled as she said: "Hello Instructor, my younger brother will be depending on your care!"
Rosen said: "You are Lin Yuan's older sister Lin Yao?"
Lin Yao nodded.
Rosen said: "Your younger brother is very good in school."
Lin Yao proudly said: "My younger brother has been very obedient and sensible ever since he was a child. He has always been ranked first in the exams for his entire life!"
Mrs. Lin poured water and politely passed it over to Rosen's hand even while simultaneously glaring at her own daughter: "Don't talk about any nonsensical things!"
Lin Yao laughed and said: "Where is there nonsense? My younger brother has always been in first place. His room is full of the trophies he has received all his life."
A cheerful and lively older sister and a gentle mother with a soft personality but was born sickly.
As a whole, they do not appear to have anything to do with the Undercurrent Organization.
So, who gave Lin Yuan's inhibitors to him?
Thinking of this, Rosen soon said: "Right, I heard Lin Yuan say that he never had a father as a child. The doctor next door has always been looking after him. Lin Yao, can you take me to go take a look next door? I want to fully understand Lin Yuan's circumstances of his childhood."
Mrs. Lin touched her lips as if she wanted to say something but was hesitating. Lin Yao, who was not familiar with the situation, immediately smiled and said: "No problem!"
Rosen followed immediately after Lin Yao through the door and as soon as they went out, they just happened across the neighbor, Dr. Fornt, just as he was stepping out of the door and preparing to go to the hospital to work.
Lin Yao smiled and gave him a greeting: "Uncle Fornt, why are you going to work so early in the morning anyway, ah?"
Fornt heard the voice of the little girl next door, he smiled and turned his head back, seeing the man standing beside her, his smile suddenly stiffened on his face.
Rosen nodded without batting an eyelid and said, "Fornt, long time no see."
Fuente: "............"
Lin Yao looked at the two people somewhat skeptically, "Hey, do you know each other? This is a military instructor from Lin Yuan's school. He came to our house today for a visit since he was in the area. Oh, that's right, Uncle Fornt also used to be a soldier, wasn't that right.......
Fornt's expression was stiff and silent for a moment before he awkwardly said: "Cough, lo-long time no see......"
Rosen smiled for a bit and said: "Lin Yao, you should go home first. I'm going to chat with this old comrade-in-arms of mine to reminisce about former times."
Lin Yao nodded, "Then, in that case, I'll head off to the cake shop okay! Instructor, if anything were to happen to Xiao Yuan in the future, you can directly call my communication device number!"
Lin Yao set aside her number to give to Rosen and then turned to walk over to the cake shop and open it up.
Rosen and Fornt looked at each other without exchanging a single word.
After a long time, Fornt said full of embarrassment: "Cough cough, Mar-marshal, how come you've come here?"
Rosen said dully: "To take a look at Lin Yuan's house."
Fornt's face suddenly grew stiff as a corpse, " Li-lin Yuan? Are you familiar with that child?"
Rosen slightly smiled, "En, I met him face to face yesterday. I didn't expect the doctor who lived next door to his house would be you, it's really quite the coincidence."
"...... "The cold sweat on Fornt's forehead immediately flowed down.
Although he has not seen this man for many years, the kind of cold detachment and tough scent on his body hadn't changed. The longer he stays calm, the more terrifying he is.
Rosen insipidly asked: "Would you like to go to work?"
Fornt quickly said: "I have opened up a private hospital by myself. It doesn't matter if I don't go to work. Anyways, there are very few sick people who come and see the doctor every day......"
Rosen said: "That's perfect, just accompany me to roam around all over the place then."
"......" Fuente nearly bit off his own tongue.
Rosen walked aimlessly towards the direction of Lin Yuan's school and when he passed a street corner, he saw a group of mining companies
There was a man sitting under the pavilion at the entrance of the mining company. He held an e-reader in one hand and yawned with his other while reading the book. Fornt's forehead was dripping with cold sweat and he tried to give the man over there a meaningful look as if his life depended on it. Unfortunately, the man reading the book just happened to be rather sleepy at the moment. He was completely unaware of the movement across the street.
Rosen's gaze suddenly sank and he advanced towards the security guard's location, walking over in two or three steps.
The yawning man seemed to perceive a strong scent approaching, raising his head in confusion, he was suddenly frozen in place.
Rosen serenely gazed upon him and said: "Lieutenant Colonel Zhou Yi, long time no see."
The man hurriedly stood up from his stool and took a quick look at Fornt and only to find that Fornt was right in the middle of wiping away his cold sweat.
Zhou Yi touched his nose and awkwardly said, "Marshal, how come you're here? If I knew that you'd be coming earlier, I would have prepared more of your favorite tequila to drink, it's nothing but cold weather and frozen ground here. Cough, why not come over to my house and have a chat about the old times?"
Rosen nodded and said: "Good, I also want to go take a look at your house."
Zhou Yi suddenly felt that this was simply digging his own grave.
The three of them staunchly walked all the way over to Zhou Yi's house.
A single man's home, a small apartment with two rooms and one living room. The rooms were full of disorderly clothing and other personal items piled in a hideous mess.
This man compared to how he was back in those years, was still just as lazy following his retirement.
Zhou Yi somewhat awkwardly said: "Cough cough, please take a seat Marshal, the house is in a bit of disorder."
Rosen sat down on the sofa, and then in a low voice said: "Zhou Yi, the Battalion Commander of the Dark Night Legion's First Guard Battalion, holding the rank of Lieutenant Colonel; Fornt, the Captain of the Dark Night Legion's Subsidiary Military Medical Treatment Squadron, holding the rank of Lieutenant Colonel." Rosen paused for a moment, his penetrating gaze slowly swept each of the two men's faces, "One lives next door to Lin Yuan's family and has conveniently looked after his health. One is on the only road to his school working as a security guard for a mining company and teaches him martial arts in passing...... The above-mentioned, these should not be coincidental right?"
Zhou Yi, who was ready to start pouring sweat, without further thought, resolutely stretches his back taut as he takes a quick look at Fornt face to face. They can't help but look at each other in dismay.
Rosen looked at them calmly: "Let's say then, apart from you two, which of your other former subordinates from the Dark Night Legion are on Planet Rennes?"
Both of them were completely silent.
This man tranquility watched them attentively, it was as if even the air was entirely frozen into ice.
The author has something to say: Many of the plots being combined in the serialization are not due to my negligence, rather I will immediately write and explain in the next chapter. I can't put everything in the same chapter or else the number of words will explode and drag the pacing. For example, the chapter with the exchange between Lin Yuan and Suzaku, if placed in the previous chapter, the number of written characters would burst to eight thousand and it would affect the mood and atmosphere of Lin Yuan finding out about his father, so I cut it out and put it in this chapter.
Believe in the author a little bit, the author's attitude while writing is very serious, each chapter is changed at least three times everywhere. Did you find that in writing, my typos in the text are really less
stir-fried chicken
: )
(
TN
: Extreme, extremely.)
If I really have a
bug
, I will change it later, but the present comments posted are not bugs. many of them are just foreshadowing that will be resolved in the text later~
(
TN
: These bugs are written in English.)
I don't want to make a comment to explain and go through each of the spoilers. The spoilers are too boring. Hold your horses everyone ha~~~
Look forward to seeing the father and son recognizing each other tomorrow!!
Merry Christmas!!!! 2k novel reading network
(
TN
: This chapter was long, I cry. The next chapter is even longer, I am digging myself a hole. Do not disturb! Also going from a terrible cliff hanger to a slightly less terrible cliff hanger is an improvement! Show some spirit!)
Chapter 048: Feelings Between Father and Son
The reason why Rosen was so certain that this was not a coincidence was naturally that he simply had his own solid reasoning. In the past, following the dissolution of the Dark Night Legion, a majority of the soldiers were allocated among each major legion. A great number of all of the officers ranked Major or higher were not willing to go another legion to obey the orders of another General out of their sheer loyalty to General Ling Yu. Therefore, many officers choose to be outright discharged from military service with some officers such as Knox and Irene choosing to serve as instructors in various military schools, no longer having any association with other legions.
Since they already knew that the generals in the major legions hated Ling Yu to their bones, it would have been impossible for them to sincerely treat his subordinates that were so loyal to him well.
Fornt and Zhou Yi represent the portion of the officers who retired directly after the dissolution of the Dark Night Legion.
Fornt used to be the Captain of the Dark Night Legion's Subsidiary Medical Treatment Squadron. He had a mild personality and brilliant medical expertise. After he retired, he could have gone directly to the Imperial Central Hospital as one of the top doctors. However, in spite of the capital star's generous pay, he came to this desolate planet and opened up a small public hospital. Running it for precisely 10 years, this truly does not follow a lick of common sense.
Zhou Yi is also of Asian descendant just like Ling Yu. When he was in the Dark Night Legion, he was the closest of friends with Ling Yu back when he was the Battalion Commander of the Dark Night Legion's First Guard Battalion. Even though this man behaves rather lazily, his body is highly trained in Kung Fu. This kind of Kung Fu that is focused on hand-to-hand punching and kicking is said to be very suitable for people with slightly-built bodies. Whenever Ling Yu had free time, he always liked to spar with him.
These two men's characters are 108,000 li apart. However, they have one key point in common.
Both of them are officers who Ling Yu personally selected for promotion, and both are unconditionally loyal towards General Ling Yu!
The two men have now simultaneously appeared on a desolate planet, one of them living next to Lin Yuan's home, and the other acting as a security guard at a nearby factory close to Lin Yuan's home. This is definitely not just a mere coincidence!
"Which of your subordinates from the Dark Night Legion are also on Planet Rennes?" Seeing the two keeping their silence, Rosen spoke with a cold face: "If neither of you speaks, then I'll take that as you want me to turn this whole planet upside down and go door to door looking for your old comrades then?"
The two men looked at each other face to face. Just then, Fornt said awkwardly: "We two, plus Lin Weicheng who has already sacrificed his life, no one else."
Rosen was silent for a moment and softly asked: "The both of you coming to Planet Rennes, this was planned by Ling Yu, right?"
Fornt and Zhou Yi abruptly stare at each other face to face.
Obviously, it was completely outside their expectations that the Marshal, who had been
not hearing and not questioning
for 18 years would suddenly go into an extreme rage, spitting with anger on this day.
(
TN
: Not concerned, never showing interest in something.)
Rosen tirelessly resisted the stab of pain in his heart and lowered his voice when he spoke: "Through all these years, I have always believed that he had died. But in reality, I have never once seen his corpse with my own eyes. And if he is really dead, then...... Where did Lin Yuan, that Omega child, come from then?"
"......!" Fornt and Zhou Yi's eyes simultaneously flashed with a trace of shock.
Rosen continued on speaking: "I have always felt that child quite resembled Ling Yu, but he was a Beta at the time. I had thought that Ling Yu died, so I didn't dare to rashly speculate about it...... I didn't know until last night that Lin Yuan was actually an Omega. Dr. Fornt, Lin Yuan's inhibitor was your doing, wasn't it? Lieutenant Colonel Zhou Yi, Lin Yuan's skill is so good, you also taught him...... Right?"
— So that's why there was always a sense of strange familiarity at the time when he was battling with that child in the mech training room.
When Lin Yuan operated his mech, a lot of his moves were just like that of a human martial artist. Including among these were some blocking moves, of which came from a boxing technique and they became exceptionally more familiar the more he observed.
It wasn't until this moment that Rosen finally realized.
That's right, the way Lin Yuan operated his mech was completely just like a carbon copy of Zhou Yi!
Back in those years, Zhou Yi's talent was the reason why he was chosen by Ling Yu, it was precisely the way Zhou Yi piloted his mech. He entirely used humanoid mechs just as if they were human beings. The mech performed various kinds of a myriad of Kung Fu punching and kicking techniques and the effect simply made one exclaim in admiration!
Rosen is very familiar with Zhou Yi's standard method of punches and kicks, so as a result, he can predict beforehand all of Lin Yuan's movements when they battled with mechs!
— It's painfully obvious that Zhou Yi is Lin Yuan's master.
Rosen's sharp gaze was pointed straight towards Zhou Yi, "Even at this point, you still intend to hide it from me?"
The two men once again took another glance at each other's face. Zhou Yi only then said, "Cough, that's right, back then it was Lin Weicheng who brought Xiao Yuan back to Planet Rennes along with him, Weicheng had sacrificed his life not too long after on the front line. I accepted the General's orders to stay here and look after Lin Yuan. When Xiao Yuan was eight years old, I accepted him as my apprentice. I did indeed teach him Kung Fu."
Fornt quietly said: "I received a confidential letter from the General just as soon as I arrived on this planet. The general asked me to do him a favor and look after a child named Lin Yuan. At that time, I didn't know Lin Yuan's past circumstances. I had always thought that he was the Beta son of Lin Weicheng and Mrs. Lin...... Until Xiao Yuan's inhibitor exhausted at the age of eight, he suddenly fell ill, and I only then realized that he was an Omega."
Fornt paused, "Luckily the General had asked Weicheng to leave Mrs. Lin with a list of ingredients for the formulation of an inhibitor and some prohibited medications to prepare if ever needed. I referred to that list and remade a batch of inhibitors to give to Lin Yuan. Only after seeing Zhou Yi did I fully figure out the true circumstances in Lin Yuan's life.
Rosen felt a burst stabbing pain rise from the bottom of his heart from the two men telling him these things.
Ling Yu......
He didn't actually die! Even that child was born!
Rosen didn't know when all was said and done if at present he should feel mostly pleasantly surprised or mostly sad!
— Pleasantly surprised that he is still alive and that child is also unexpectedly still alive!
— Yet what makes him even more sad is that such a big secret was actually hidden from himself for so many years......
He thought he had died, he set up a tombstone for him in his back garden, and in front of the tombstone was filled with the symbol of the primrose, "There is no other love except for you". For a whole eighteen years, those flowers have already bloomed throughout the entire garden. Every year during springtime, a layer upon layer of flowers of beautiful purples and brilliant reds unfurl upon one another and wrap around the entirety of the tombstone. Just as if it was his own heart met with pain as vines tightly wrapped around it.
Eighteen years, longing for him every single day and night being met by endless remorse and painful torment......
However, that person is undoubtedly alive, but with not a single message, he didn't even let him know of the child's whereabouts......
Rosen's fingers powerfully slammed into the hollow of his palm and the pain that spread from the depths of his heart spread throughout his whole body and made his blood pressure rise. His whole body felt as if it were cut into pieces by a sharp knife and the heavy squeezing sensation in his chest nearly suffocated him.
After a long silence, Rosen took a deep breath and asked in a low voice: "Ling Yu, where is he now?"
Zhou Yi hurriedly said: "We also don't know the General's whereabouts. The General must be in hiding. You should understand this thoroughly. If those old farts in the Military Department found out that he never died, they would definitely never let him go."
Rosen's ice-cold eyes stared straight at Zhou Yi, "You really don't know?"
Fornt spoke with a gentle tone: "That's right, Marshal, at this point, it's no longer necessary to keep you in the dark anymore. Ever since that incident happened back then, the General has been extraordinarily cautious. Every single time he has actively contacted us on his own accord, we simply have no way to contact him in turn. He has even installed an anti-tracking device in his communicator and mail in order to prevent his whereabouts from being discovered by the Military......"
Zhou Yi nodded and echoed in agreement: "General sent Xiao Yuan off to Planet Rennes and placed him in Lin Weicheng's home. This was also to allow Xiao Yuan to peacefully grow up safe and sound. It was completely unexpected for that child Xiao Yuan to actually go behind our backs and secretly take the military school's exam... The rules and regulation institution of St. Romia Military Academy are extremely strict. We were afraid that if Lin Yuan did not go to school, the Military Department would specially investigate it and at that time they would instead follow the vine to get the melon and find out his past circumstances. So as a result, Fornt made a batch of inhibitors that can pass through the blood serum test and had the child take it along with him. I believed that I could have him drift along at first for his first academic year and come back later for his vacation and find another method."
Fornt thus also deliberately held a video conversation with his old friend Instructor Knox to make sure that the military academy would not examine the student's genes and had his nephew Karl largely look after Lin Yuan while in school.
However, when it comes to the secret of the feigned death of General Ling Yu, Fornt is not able to clearly tell Mrs. Lin about Lin Yuan's true identity, so he repeatedly emphasized the importance of the inhibitor, allowing her to persuade her son to take medicine on time every day, even so much that she said"If you don't take your medicine for two weeks you'll flare up again", then finished off by saying"You cannot stop for even a week", trying to make this matter sound as serious as possible.
Unfortunately, the original meticulous plan, due to Mrs. Lin's momentarily soft heart, did not tell Lin Yuan that he is an Omega but instead deceived him by saying that this was a problem with his immune system, causing Lin Yuan to be completely unaware of the seriousness of the problem.
On the spacecraft, Lin Yuan's medication was interrupted for more than ten days. Because it was the first interruption, there was only a small indication of it appearing. He then took the medicine on and was able to suppress it to a halt. But the second time the medicine became interrupted was in the capital star and finally led to the collapse of the effect of the inhibitor in Lin Yuan's body. His pheromones were in total chaos and he almost entered into the estrus period right then. Caesar then discovered the truth of his Omega identity.
Thinking of that child Lin Yuan, Rosen's heart abruptly aches all over.
— That boy is actually his own son?
No wonder he always feels very close and dear to the child when he sees him, he feels himself growing soft-hearted in complete shambles when that child's sincere smile is aimed at him.
Perhaps Ling Yu had been forced by the circumstances as a reason for his departure and he had no other choice but to entrust this child to his former most trusted subordinates. In any case, that prideful Ling Yu surprisingly gave birth to this child. This child is of his own flesh and blood, in his body is half of his own blood!
Thinking of Lin Yuan's gleaming eyes, bright and glittering smile, and his cute appearance when he immersed himself in eating food......
Rosen's heart was then filled with an indescribable trace of warmth.
The son of himself and Ling Yu......
This is the existence that can only be imagined in a dream. At this moment, it unexpectedly truly became a reality!
***
After Rosen left Zhou Yi's residence, Fornt and Zhou Yi looked at each other and only then did they simultaneously become relieved.
The scene of Ling Yu's feigned death was far too lifelike. Those people in the Military Department had thought that the Ling Yu already died. Therefore, his former subordinates in the Dark Night Legion were not roped into a net and captured and a part of the officers even took the initiative to retire and many of them even looked favorably upon it.
Fornt and Zhou Yi have been lying low on this remote planet. They have not been noticed for more than a decade. They have gotten used to living a leisurely life on this small planet. As a result, at Rosen's sudden murderous entrance today, the two of them had been unprepared and had been caught red-handed.
In fact, if you change places with other people, even if they saw those two living nearby, would they also think that it was some sort of a coincidence? After all, there are only so many human-inhabited planets in range of the Empire's political borders. As chance has it there are also a lot of old comrades who happen to live in the same place.
But Rosen easily deduced that this was all arranged by Ling Yu. It can be clearly seen just how much he understood Ling Yu.
Zhou Yi lightly sighed as he spoke: "Just telling him like this, was it really right?"
Fornt turned over as he rolled his eyes, "Now you're asking this question, don't you think it's too late?"
Zhou Yi coughed, "Cough...... I think even if we didn't say it, he could have also very quickly investigated to uncover the truth. Rather than letting him drag Xiao Yuan away to do a paternity test, we'd be better off telling him directly. After all, Xiao Yuan is also his son."
Fornt nodded his head: "Since we can't continue to conceal it from him, letting him know his also fine. He will be there to take care of him in the Military. Xiao Yuan will be much better off in the future."
Zhou Yi thought about it before saying: "He surprisingly found Planet Rennes and came over, obviously, Xiao Yuan's identity as Omega has already been found out by quite a number of people. I reckon it's probably an issue with his inhibitor. After you go back, you should re-make him a batch of inhibitors without delay."
Fornt immediately said seriously: "I know, I will go prepare at once."
***
Rosen once again returned to the place where Lin Yuan grew up.
Mrs. Lin saw him coming back and immediately greeted him. She smiled and said: "Instructor, come and sit down."
Rosen walked into the house and looked around for a moment, his face stiffened as he said: "I...... may I go to Lin Yuan's room and look around?"
Mrs. Lin was shocked for a second, "Of course you can, please come with me."
Lin Yuan's bedroom was set up in a corner, an inadequately small room of less than ten square meters. It was systematically clear and orderly. A one-person bed was laid out with blue sheets on it, the curtains were also a light-blue, close to the color of the sky. To the side on his writing desk is where various mech models are exhibited along with a plethora of trophies.
This is that child's room......
He came to this house at the age of four and lived here for a whole fourteen years...
Was he very fond of those mech model toys when he was a child?
He won so many trophies when he was in school...... He is truly a smart and sensible child......
Rosen looked inside Lin Yuan's room and recorded each and every one of his trophies as his growth trajectory. He felt proud of him, but at the same time, he couldn't help but feel somewhat bitter.
As his own biological father, he never had the chance to witness this child's growth. By the time he found out the truth, he was already an outstanding 18-year-old boy. How did he live in those years? When did he take his first steps? When did he say his first word? When he was young, was the first word he learned to say "Dad"?
The feeling of watching his son growing up little by little, was something Rosen would never have the opportunity to experience.
Seeing Rosen's gaze cast towards the biggest trophy, Mrs. Lin smiled and presented it to him: "This is something Xiao Yuan got when he was in middle school. The school held their first fighting competition and in the end, he won the championship. Everything he knows about martial arts was taught to him from his master, he was especially happy after Lin Yuan received the award. He also asked his master to come to our house to have a meal and spend his birthday together with him."
Rosen nodded his head and asked: "What day is his birthday?"
Mrs. Lin replied: "It is Christmas Eve."
Christmas Eve......
He will inscribe this day in his heart. From today on, this will be the most important holiday for himself —
His son's birthday.
Rosen was silent for a moment and then once again spoke: "Mrs. Lin, can I take a look at photos or video recordings from his childhood?"
Mrs. Lin said with a smile: "Of course you can, ah. I'll go get them real quick."
Mrs. Lin soon after held the video recordings and connected them to the TV inside the living room.
On the TV, a clip taken of Lin Yuan as a child was played. Rosen sat on the sofa and watched without saying a word.
The little four-year-old Lin Yuan rolled around on a bed and then turned over into a somersault. Rolling from one side of the bed to the other, he was not in the slightest weary. He flipped around all by himself and looked to be very happy playing.
Five-year-old Lin Yuan went along with his mother and sister to celebrate his birthday. The gluttonous little guy wanted to sneak some cake and as a result, the cake was planted right in his face with the cream then slathered across his entire face......
Lin Yuan, a six-year-old, carries a backpack on his back to go to school, he waves goodbye to his mother, his face full of baby fat had a brilliant smile......
At seven years old, Lin Yuan came home with the first place on his school report card for the first time. He looked at his mother with a beaming smile and used a young and tender childish voice to say, mother, I am amazing, aren't I? I will come back every year in the future with a first place on all of my exams for you......
Looking at Lin Yuan's adorable appearance as a child, the more Rosen stared, the more he liked him. He is itching to reach out his hands to go hug him.
......Xiao Yuan, I am truly very sorry. I am an unqualified father. Not only did I fail to protect your Dad well enough, but I also let you live relying on someone else's charity for so many years. Only now, 18 years later did I become aware of your existence.
......From now on, Father will absolutely never again let you receive any harm upon even a single hair on your head.
Rosen took a deep breath and stood up from the sofa. Looking back at Mrs. Lin, he seriously said: "Mrs. Lin, thank you, you have taught Lin Yuan very well."
Even though this woman's personality is weak, she is nevertheless really good to Lin Yuan. It is truly not easy for a person to bring up children all the way into adulthood while suffering every possible torment.
Rosen didn't know how he should express his gratitude, he could merely just take a good look at her and say seriously: "You've worked hard."
Mrs. Lin hurriedly said: "I-I haven't worked too hard. Xiao Yuan, he has always been especially obedient ever since he was a child. I didn't have to worry about him at all. "
Rosen grabbed his communicator's number and put through a password to set it aside for Mrs. Lin. He softly said: "If you run into any problems in the future, please do not hesitate to tell me. I will help you all. "
Mrs. Lin said: " Thank you!"
Then, Rosen turned and left.
Mrs. Lin, who all by herself had stood in place of himself and Ling Yu and taken over their responsibilities of bringing up Xiao Yuan into adulthood. His heart was overflowing with gratitude. He does not know what he should do in order to repay and compensate her. He will have more opportunities in the future, he will put it aside until he sees Lin Yuan again.
At the moment, Rosen only wants to see Lin Yuan's face as soon as possible.
I want to use every ounce of my strength to bring that child into a hug and tell him —
Son, don't worry! Your father is right here and he will use every bit of his strength to protect you.
***
Rosen pilots Black Dragon to go back to the capital star at the fastest possible speed.
At this moment, Lin Yuan had just recently woken up.
The 600th annual celebration of the Empire was taking place in two days from now. In the time between today and tomorrow, there was free reign to make plans. Lin Yuan originally wanted to have Caesar take him all around the capital star and roam around, but Caesar just happened to have something to do today, it seems like he had to go to Brian's grandfather's birthday party?
After Lin Yuan got out of bed, the smart system inside the hotel room immediately produced a pleasant voice: "Lin Yuan, good afternoon! Before leaving, Caesar left behind a voice message for you. Are you currently listening?"
While Lin Yuan walked towards the bathroom and he also said: "En, let's hear it."
The system began to play the message and right away the familiar sound of Caesar's voice soon reverberated in the room. The deep and low timbre he heard from both of his ears felt extraordinarily warm —
"Lin Yuan, today I will be going to attend the birthday party of Brian's grandfather. I can't accompany you to go out for a stroll. I will take you to the capital star to look all over the place tomorrow. You can make your own plans for today. Oh, by the way, there is some lunch I brought for you on the table, remember to eat it after you get up."
"Oh, got it!" Lin Yuan said a line in return and couldn't help but laugh.
This is just a message, nothing more, but I surprisingly can't help but answer him. Could the reason be that I'm just so used to his voice?
Lin Yuan rapidly washed his face and brushed his teeth then went back inside the room.
Sure enough, there was a heat-retention box placed on the dining table. Opening the lid, the aroma that assaulted his nostrils made Lin Yuan unable to help but gulp down his saliva.
The food is very rich, there are roasted chicken legs, meat patties, and two vegetable dishes, all of which were things he liked to eat. He didn't expect Caesar to be so attentive. Before leaving, he was entirely prepared for lunch. He evidently guessed that he would sleep until noon then?
Lin Yuan smiled and sat at the table and bluntly began to eat.
Caesar isn't here and Lin Yuan also does not want to go out and mindlessly stroll about with no set destination all by himself. This afternoon, he stayed in the hotel and went to the holographic network to play around in mech battles.
Passing through this period of improvement, Ball immediately won 20 matches in a row, the more Lin Yuan played the more excited he became, and it soon became nighttime.
I don't know why, it's almost seven o'clock already and Caesar still hasn't returned yet. Perhaps Brian's grandfather celebrates very late into the evening on his birthday?
Lin Yuan's stomach was empty, he took off his helmet and logged out of the holographic network and planned to order something to eat. Right at that moment, his communicator suddenly turned on, Lin Yuan chose to connect it and right away saw a familiar face appear on the screen in front of him. "Lin Yuan, is it convenient to go out now? I want to see you."
It's the Marshal!
Lin Yuan immediately and excitedly said: "Where are you Marshal? I will come out at once!"
Rosen softly said: "You can head down to the doorway of the Royale Hotel, I will send someone to pick you up."
"Alright!" Lin Yuan immediately turned around to change his clothes before going out the door.
He had just arrived at the doorway of the hotel when from not too far away, a high-end black suspension car began to come over. A man with a serious facial expression came out of the car and personally opened the door for Lin Yuan. In a low voice he said: "Lin Yuan, please get in, the Marshal ordered me to come and pick you up."
"......" This is simply the welcoming treatment of a VIP!
Lin Yuan was overwhelmed by all of the favor he was receiving as he took a seat in the car, he somewhat nervously asked: "Where is the Marshal?"
The chauffeur smiled and said: "I will take you to his home first, the Marshal will very soon be arriving at the constellation of Cepheus."
To the constellation of Cepheus? Is he not in the constellation of Cepheus? Could he have been carrying out a mission in another galaxy?
Lin Yuan is extremely puzzled in his heart, but stemming from his manners, he doesn't dare ask a lot of questions.
The car was extremely fast and they soon arrived at the location of the Rosen's residence.
After laser scanning and password authentication, the apartment's entrance was opened and the car drove straight in.
This is Rosen's private residence in the capital, an independent villa which was unusually designed. The lights inside the house are all turned on and with the full moon in the distance, it was just like a castle in a dreamland. The floor area of the entire apartment is almost the same size as a small park. The three-story villa is surrounded by a wide expanse of lawn, gardens, an exercise yard, and there is also even a super-large swimming pool not too far away......
Lin Yuan looks out through the window of the car at the landscape outside. He couldn't help but lament, the Marshal's home is also far too big......
Moreover, the Marshal unexpectedly called himself to come over to his home. Is there any such secret matter that they cannot let other people know that required them to talk about it?
One of Rosen's trusted aides had been the one acting as a temporary chauffeur, the butler of Rosen's entire apartment, Wilde. Seeing Lin Yuan curiously looking out of the window, Wilde couldn't help but smile and say: "You can go sit down inside the house in advance, the Marshal will arrive soon."
Lin Yuan was politely invited into the living room by the butler. The living room layout is just like Rosen's personality. Simple European-styled furniture, no excessively lavish decorations, but instead it was set up in a very comfortable fashion giving off a homely aura.
Lin Yuan had just sat down on the soft leather sofa in the living room when at that moment, the door suddenly opened. Rosen came in travel-worn and caught sight of Lin Yuan. His originally indifferent gaze involuntarily softened.
Lin Yuan hastily got up from the sofa and went to go salute the Marshal, but he instead saw Rosen smiling as he said: "Just stay sitting down, in the future when we see each other private, there's no need for any of that annoying etiquette." He then finished speaking and turned back to Wilde, "Tell the kitchen to go prepare dinner."
Wilde hurriedly respectfully said: "Understood, Marshal."
The kitchen had obviously already been prepared and within five minutes, the fragrant food was at last placed on the table.
Rosen personally gave Lin Yuan a bowl of rice and handed it right in front of Lin Yuan as he said, "Still haven't eaten dinner I presume?"
Lin Yuan became embarrassed as he scratched his head and said, "En......"
A trace of tenderness couldn't help but emerge in Rosen's gaze. He handed chopsticks over to him and softly said: "Come, eat first and when you've eaten your fill we'll talk."
Lin Yuan humbly took the chopsticks and lifted up the rice and began to eat. Rosen took delicious food and place it in front of Lin Yuan from time to time and Lin Yuan was surprisingly unrestrained when he ate it. He was completely starving and immersed himself in all kinds of delicious food.
Soon enough, he finished off his dinner. After eating his fill, Lin Yuan asked in confusion: "Marshal, what did you call me for today?"
Rosen grew momentarily silent and then stood up as he said: "Come follow me."
Lin Yuan followed Rosen to the back of the villa.
He was merely only able to see the garden within a radius hundreds of square meters, but from what he could see many kinds of beautiful flowers and plants were grown here. The red flowers shone under the moonlight as if they had been ignited into a blaze of fire. Layer by layer were magnificently unfurled flowers laying upon one another, a light wind passed. Even the air was filled with the distinctly sweet scent of flowers.
In the midst of a cluster of flowers stood a single tombstone. On the tombstone, a row of clear-cut handwriting is engraved —
The Lacey Empire's Head of the Dark Night Legion, Tomb of Major General Ling Yu.
Enveloped underneath the moonlight, the tombstone seems to be draped with a layer of soft light muslin.
Seeing the words on the tombstone clearly, Lin Yuan suddenly froze in place.
Tomb of Major General Ling Yu? Is this...... Dad's grave? But, according to Suzaku's deduction, isn't Dad still alive?
Only, Suzaku was kept in the museum for so many years and also evidently did not know about Dad's whereabouts. What's going on now? Why would the Marshal's home have Dad's tombstone? Could Dad have died later?
Lin Yuan looked at the tombstone in front of him and suddenly his thoughts began going into a whirl.
Just then, the sound of Rosen's voice suddenly entered his ears, revealing a bit of strange hoarseness: "Xiao Yuan, do you know who this is?"
Lin Yuan: "......"
Rosen softly said: "He is your Dad...... He secretly gave birth to you and sent you off to Planet Rennes to hand you over to his most trusted subordinates to raise...... Because the Military wasn't willing to let him get away, he couldn't keep you at his side and get you caught up in danger...... So, he injected you with an inhibitor and wanted to have the identity of a Beta, growing up ordinarily and happily."
Listening to the Marshal's soft voice as he spoke, looking at the ice-cold tombstone in front of him, Lin Yuan couldn't restrain his emotions as the rim of his eyes grew red, "I...... Dad, he...... How did he die?"
Rosen was silent for a moment. "He didn't die."
Lin Yuan doubtfully asked: "Then this tombstone is......"
Rosen raised his head and looked right at the tombstone in front of him and said: "This tombstone was set up by me
18
years ago. At that time, he was pregnant. When he was piloting a mech to escape from the constellation of Cepheus, he encountered a cosmic sandstorm. I had thought that he was buried alive in the interstellar ruins, so I set up a monument in my home..... Since you have been born, then it proves that he did not die. He is still alive and properly gave birth to you."
(
TN
: Raws said 19 here and only here. I'm assuming it's a typo for now lol.)
Rosen turned his head back to look at Lin Yuan and said with a gentle tone: "Xiao Yuan, I am your Alpha father."
Lin Yuan: "..............."
Because of too much shock, Lin Yuan suddenly widened his eyes as he stared in disbelief at the man in front of him.
The Alpha father who he has been continuously wondering about, it was actually him?
How is that possible?!
But...... the Marshal would never joke about this kind of thing. Moreover, when Dad was faced with the onset of estrus, he did indeed have Adjutant Knox to request for the assistance of the Glory Legion. In those years, General Rosen also indeed rushed over to help......
Then he marked Dad?
Lin Yuan was in a complicated mood as he looked at the man in front of him and entirely didn't know what the right thing was to say.
Rosen took a step forward and lightly placed his hand on Lin Yuan's shoulder and said in a low voice: "It's your father's incompetence. I couldn't protect either of you well enough back then. I wasn't even aware of your existence until today...... Sorry, Xiao Yuan...... I'm sorry......"
Looking at the glistening tears forming in the corner of the eyes of the man who had always been tough and indifferent and hearing his voice choking with emotion, Lin Yuan suddenly couldn't help but feel a burst of distress.
In fact, during that time he also couldn't blame him for the whole affair, after all, Dad was discovered to be injecting inhibitors by the Military. The Military would have had him severely punished and back then Rosen was only a General, it was simply impossible to save Dad...... The old-fashioned rules established in the Military are to blame. Furthermore, those four-star generals of the so-called major legions, because his Dad is an Omega, blotted out all traces of the meritorious services from the Dark Night Legion......
This world is merely to be blamed, it is really too unfair when it comes to Omegas......
Lin Yuan looked at Rosen's painful and remorseful appearance and hurriedly said: "No, there's no need to say sorry, I won't blame you...... I think Dad also wouldn't blame you for trying to save him...... You are already trying your best aren't you?"
Lin Yuan scratched his head and turned his head back towards the tombstone, "In these past years, you had thought he died, you were also very upset, right? You secretly set up this tombstone at your home for him and even engraved his military rank on the tombstone...... I think...... You must certainly love him very much......"
Rosen was suddenly stumped for words.
He had thought that this child would surely blame himself and blame this father who neglected to do his job.
Unexpectedly...... Xiao Yuan was actually so kind-hearted and open-minded.
The father and son stood side by side in front of the tombstone and remained silent for a long time.
Rosen just then spoke in a small whisper: "Xiao Yuan, are you willing...... to call me Father?"
Lin Yuan was stunned and looked back at Rosen, stuttering as he said: "......Fa-father?"
Rosen immediately took Lin Yuan tightly into his arms and entered an embrace.
That kind of hug seemed as if he was afraid of losing something precious, it even made his heart tighten into a dull ache.
"I am here, Xiao Yuan......"
"Father will protect you, I will never again let you suffer any grievances, absolutely never......"Listening to the man's voice deep and low voice cracking with emotion in his ears, Lin Yuan was silent for a long time before finally reaching out and returning his hug, he lightly buried his face into his father's embrace.
A hug like this even made him reluctant to part from it......
This is precisely the love from a father that he had never experienced before.
Strong, warm, reassuring, able to prop up a sunny and cloudless sky for himself......
Father.
The author has something to say: Actually, it could have been broken off in the middle! But I don't want the stop halfway to make everyone have a kidney deficiency, thus a big chapter is finished!! Eight thousand characters, come one, you can't deny it! Writing until midnight la!! Seeking praise!!
PS: I saw a lot of people asking, let me talk about the settings in this work.
In this writing, when an Omega is in estrus, the blood relatives within three generations will not be affected.
Father, grandfather, son, and grandson, these direct blood relatives are not affected by each other because of the common genes in their body.
For example, Rosen and Xiao Yuan, even though they are an Alpha and Omega, because the father and son are pure [Flesh and Blood], even if Xiao Yuan was in estrus, Rosen wouldn't be affected at all.
In addition, regarding the daddies names, one is called Father (父亲), one is called Dad (爸爸) (Daddy (爹爹) doesn't feel too suitable, so it's like this......) 2k novel reading network
(
TN
: Utter fools. I have managed to climb out of my hole! What's the plan now? Next chapter is a shortie so good for me? Some small changes. A kind reader found a better translation of Sheffield to be Cepheid so that'll be a thing from now on. Also, I've been aware of something for a while now, I was just kind of laissez-faire about changing it. Planet Rennes should really be Planet Ryan, the other translator also planned on changing it to Rayan, but Ryan is like the English name it was going for. So... Opinions? If it's alright now as Rennes then I'll keep it like that, but let's just get a little census so I'll stop thinking about it every time I go to bed. Sorry for such a long note~)
Chapter 049, Locke Castle
The night had a light wind blowing by. The fragrance of the primroses that encompasses the tombstone lingered around his nose. Under the hazy moonlight, the father and son tightly held onto each other in front of the tombstone. The body temperature from the youth's body made Rosen's perpetual cold and detached gaze also unable to help but to become warmer.
Rosen's height is much taller than his son's height. This kind of hug makes Lin's face stick to his chest, strong arms, broad chest, and steady heartbeat, giving people an inexplicable desire to get close. A sense of security.
— This is a father, a strong as well as a deeply affectionate biological father.
As a child, Lin Yuan had grown up in a single-parent family and never experienced the slightest bit of care from a father. He simply never thought that one day he would unexpectedly come across a father. What's more, his own biological father is actually the Imperial Marshal Rosen whom he secretly worshipped.
Being held in a tight embrace by his father, Lin Yuan couldn't help but have a bit of warmth surge from the bottom of his heart.
Rosen held Lin Yuan for a little while longer and then let go of him. Looking at the youth's two black eyes that were just as clear and bright as his dad's, Rosen couldn't help but extend his hand and lightly stroked his son's head, softly saying: "Xiao Yuan, let's go back for now. I still have some more things I want to tell you."
"En." Lin Yuan nodded and turned to follow his father.
Rosen took Lin Yuan along with him to the villa's third floor, entered the study room and locked the door. He had Lin Yuan sit down on the sofa and then turned around and took out the
crystal electronic photo album
from his bookshelf and handed it over to him.
(
TN
: Imagine something like a clear slab of glass that works as a tablet king of thing?)
Lin Yuan curiously asked: "What is this?"
Rosen said: "Open it and see, the password is your Dad's name."
Lin Yuan inputs the password to open the album and right away sees a photograph appear on the first page —
It was Ling Yu back when he was a student, he was wearing a blue military uniform, his pair of jet-black eyes were coldly indifferent and his facial expression is somewhat unnaturally stiff when facing the camera lens.
The photo was taken someplace indoors, Lin Yuan recognized it right away at a glance — it was none other than the student dormitory of the St. Romia Military Academy.
Lin Yuan used his finger to lightly swipe across the screen, urgently moving on for the second photograph to appear
The second photo is a group photo with four people. Lin Yuan recognized Rosen and Ling Yu, but the faces of the other two were completely unfamiliar.
Rosen explained for him: "Your Dad and I were both students of the 570th Class of St. Romia Military Academy in the Command Department. I just happened to be in the same dormitory quarters as him. The four of us in this group photo all lived in the same dormitory. The one on the left is Drew Bayh, in those days he was the youngest son of the Bayh family. He is now the head of the Hydra Legion. The one to the right side is named Bernia, he is an Adjutant in the Rose Legion."
Lin Yuan nodded and inquisitively flipped through all the photos one by one until he finished.
All of the photos stored in the electronic photo album were of his Dad, Ling Yu.
When he was young and inexperienced and just entering the school, to when the hour of graduation rolled around and his ambitions were full and ready to burst. When he was first promoted to Major, the corner of his lips slightly raised in a smile. When he was attending a meeting in the Military Affairs Office with a calm and cool-headed expression, discussing tactics to people with an earnest gaze......
Hundreds of photographs completely record every important moment of Ling Yu's military career across a 10 year period, from entering school to his expulsion from the military registry. With each moment captured with the utmost care, it is simply like a personal documentary.
Lin Yuan clasps the electronic photo album in both of his hands, he feels a bit moved and turns his head back to look at Rosen, "Are these pictures all collected by you?"
Rosen nodded and said: "Your Dad, he really hates taking pictures. Every time he faces the camera lens, his expression gets very stiff. There are very few photos left behind. Only for the necessary occasions such as award ceremonies and so on. These photos are I've gathered these photos through various kinds of means...... they are put in here as a commemoration."
In the years when Ling Yu wasn't there, Rosen could only use this way to remember him.
Rosen doesn't even remember how many times he has flipped through this electronic photo album. Time and time again he has looked over it and pondered. He could even clearly and distinctly recall the order of those hundreds of photographs from front to back.
Lin Yuan bowed his head to look at the man in the photograph, and his heart felt as if it had been pulled in a slightly painful manner by a thread. Such an outstanding general was expelled from the military registry by the Military just because of his identity as an Omega...... When he heard the sentencing of the military tribunal in those days, he must have been very upset, right?
Seeing Lin Yuan hanging his head, Rosen reached out and tightly held his son's shoulder. In a soft voice, he said: "Xiao Yuan, I will give you these photos to keep. I want to let you know, your dad, he is a very outstanding person. He is also, in my heart...... The greatest general."
Lin Yuan nodded and said seriously: "I think so too, Dad as an Omega, led the Dark Night Legion to win victories over and over again, he really is very remarkable."
Rosen was silent for a moment. "Even though both of us recognize his ability, unfortunately, the Military has continued its centuries-old tradition and never allowed Omegas to join the army. Your Dad used the identity of a Beta to sneak into the military. Because his ability was so outstanding, it attracted the attention of the higher-ups in the military. The ones in power of the military have always been the Alpha heirs from the 5 influential families, they will never allow anyone to threaten their status."
Rosen paused and looked back towards his son, "Lin Yuan, the military is a very complex place. Even though I am the Marshal,
I still cannot hide the sky with one hand
. If your matter came out, I would certainly use all of my power to save you from any damage, but the generals from other legions might not."
(
TN
: Hide the truth from the masses.)
Lin Yuan nodded and looked back at his father. He listened very closely.
Rosen met his eyes with his gaze, his tone could not help but become even gentler: "From now on, you must handle matters with extreme caution, not only should you hide your identity as an Omega, but also the matter of you being the son of Ling Yu and me. Do not speak of it to anyone...... Do you understand what I mean?"
Lin Yuan responded to his father's desire and hurriedly said: "I understand, I will not tell anyone. Once they know my circumstances, they will definitely not let me go. They especially wouldn't let Dad slip away, we can't reveal the secret that Dad is still alive."
Rosen graciously nodded his head, "You have come to an understanding very quickly. Although I don't know where your Dad is now, I will still think of a way to find him. Once I have the news, I will immediately let you know. First and foremost, you will attend school with peace of mind, leave your Dad to me."
Lin Yuan nodded and said: "Okay, I understand!"
Rosen paused and spoke in a low voice: "Black Dragon, you come out."
The space button ring worn on his right hand, as if it were a black gem, flashed an odd ray of light, then a black mech came out from the space button and completely shifted into a humanoid form and stationed itself in front of its master, Rosen. Its golden eyes also shone.
Lin Yuan looked up at the elegant black mech in front of him and couldn't help but exclaim in admiration: "Is this Black Dragon?!"
He had previously seen the shadow of Black Dragon in the memories of Suzaku. He did not expect that he would have the chance to see this S-Class mech with his own two eyes!
Lin Yuan looked at Black Dragon in front of him and couldn't help but excitedly shoot up on his feet and walk over in front of Black Dragon. Attempting to feel out its natural disposition, he tentatively extended his hand. Black Dragon very cooperatively extended its wide palm to hover in front of the little master, calmly letting Lin Yuan touch it.
Rosen couldn't help but smile.
As expected, the child was particularly interested in this mech. The moment he saw the mech, his eyes shone, no wonder he put so many mech models in his room.
Rosen asked in a soft voice: "Xiao Yuan, has Suzaku already come into your possession?"
Lin Yuan hurriedly said: "Yes!"
Rosen said: "You call out Suzaku too."
Although Lin Yuan is very confused, he nevertheless still cooperatively rouses Suzaku.
One black and one red, the two mechs stood in front of them. Just then Rosen stepped forward and ordered Black Dragon to modify a setting, then he had Lin Yuan place his hand on Black Dragon's palm and let Black Dragon scan his fingerprint.
After a moment, Black Dragon produced a calm voice: "Master, the highest authority has been successfully enabled."
Lin Yuan looked back at Rosen in shock, Rosen explained in a gentle voice: "When I am in the Glory Legion's command room, for each requested call, the signal must be intercepted by the Glory Legion's perimeter defense network and authenticated through a password. You can't contact me without a password. So, I enabled the highest authority of internal communication with Black Dragon for you. Later on, if you need to contact me for some reason, you can directly contact me through Suzaku's communicator."
Lin Yuan came to a sudden realization.
His father's action is equivalent to allowing himself to jump over the Legion's external defense network and directly connect to his personal mech, Black Dragon.
Who in the entire Empire can disregard the Glory Legion's defense network and directly connect to the Marshal himself, probably only His Majesty, right?
Lin Yuan was simultaneously both overwhelmed and unbearably happy.
— This is precisely how much importance his father places on him.
— The degree of importance is not even lost to his Glory Legion.
Putting Black Dragon and Suzaku back into their space buttons, Rosen opened his mouth and began speaking: "Xiao Yuan, you don't have to worry, I will bring your Dad back. This time, I will never again let him go."
Lin Yuan nodded and excitedly said: "Then I will conceal the secrets of my circumstances. After graduation, I will come to the Glory Legion!"
As soon as Lin Yuan finished talking, he reached out his hand, Rosen was stunned for a split second before he also cooperatively extended his hand.
"Clap", the sound in the peaceful study room rings sharp and clear as the father and son firmly bring their hands together.
Lin Yuan smiled and said: "Let's wait for Dad to return to have a reunion!"
Rosen smiled and said: "Okay, it's our promise."
The tacit understanding that is shared between their smiles to each other comes from nature's "blood is thicker than water" familial love of a father and son. At that moment, a thought from the two people emerged at the same time of that person they both missed— Ling Yu.
***
It was already very late into the night, Rosen let Lin Yuan stay in his apartment overnight without a second thought.
He took the room closest to his bedroom as Lin Yuan's room and Rosen had the butler quickly make some proper arrangements and even personally gave Lin Yuan a set of blue bed sheets and quilts and as well a personally-selected bed. On his writing desk, he even attentively put a lot of the mech models that Lin Yuan liked on it.
In just half an hour, the originally vacant guestroom looked completely new and became Lin Yuan's bedroom.
From then on, even if Lin Yuan is not here, this room will always remain for him.
— Here will forever be his home.
As a father, his child has already grown so much. There had been nothing but radio silence for an entire eighteen years. He didn't feed him a mouthful of food. He didn't teach him how to say a single word. He didn't give him a helping hand as he stumbled as he learned to walk when he was a child. He celebrated his birthday as he grew up and he never once bought a single gift for him. When he got first place in his exams, he never gave him a single line of praise.
The kind of father who never fulfilled his obligations, Lin Yuan surprisingly didn't mind it in the slightest, instead, he nonchalantly recognized the existence of this father......
Looking at the boy sleeping soundly in bed, Rosen's heart felt both a twinge of guilt and an especially warm feeling at the same time.
Lin Yuan not only did not reproach his father but instead comforted him and said: It is not your fault, you are already trying your best, aren't you? I thought that Dad had died. You have also been very upset these years in these past years......
That's right, these past years have had a lot of sadness, it was simply impossible to put it into words.
At that moment when Ling Yu left, it was as if someone had just forcibly dug out his heart in one chunk of flesh. Inside that completely deserted hole was so penetratingly ice-cold that even the passing of so many years was unable to fill the gap.
But now, Lin Yuan, this optimistic and kindhearted youth. His own flesh and blood who inherited the combination of his and Ling Yu's genes finally fills in the ice-cold cavity in Rosen's heart with bits of warm sunshine.
Suddenly having an 18-year-old son, Rosen was actually very much excited about it, however, he wasn't sure how he should pamper him.
He is already sensible...... He has no need for his father to dote on him.
Rosen gently extended his hand and tidied up his son's soft black hair. Lin Yuan, who was sound asleep, seemed to perceive a scent that made him feel safe. He slightly inclined his head over and lightly rubbed against Rosen's palm.
......Rosen's tender heart was immediately thrown into complete shambles.
This son can truly cure his 18 years of loneliness and despair in an instant.
Rosen even felt that the existence of Lin Yuan, that child, was Heaven's greatest gift to him.
Lin Yuan, who was soundly asleep, was completely unaware that being a dad for the first time, Marshal Rosen was in both nervous as well as a complex mood. He sat at his son's bedside through the middle of the night and didn't turn around to leave until the light of day threatened to shine.
***
This night is a very warm and smooth night for Lin Yuan.
But for Snow, it is an extremely thrilling night.
When Snow departed from Po Military Star to Cepheus, a week ago, he had booked an ordinary hotel online in advance. The hotel is very far away from the city center and the Empire's Imperial Palace. It is a safe and inconspicuous place.
Snow was just in the hotel surfing on the Internet during the day and until the time when the evening rolled around, he would then change into the black clothes and pilot Night Snow to move out and about. However, he was annoyed with the approach of the Empire's celebration of its 600th Anniversary. The capital star's recent public security is very strict. Great streets and small alleyways alike are full of infrared surveillance camera monitoring equipment, there are also a large number of electronic defense nets in the air, and even on the streets, there is armed public security supervision patrolling units moving to and fro.
Snow had to stop midway through for several days in a row just because he had encountered an armed patrol force and had no other option but to turn back.
Today is already the 7th. He has to hurry up and go.
In the wee hours at two in the morning, Snow once again put on that set of black clothes, tightened the leather belt around his waist, opened the window then suspended the metal hook on the window sill, bounded up, and with his lithe and graceful body, he climbed out of the window, sliding directly along the metal wire and onto the floor
His black leather boots made a quiet sound as they contacted the ground and produced a slight "bang" sound. Snow stood firmly and he immediately retracted the wire back into his hand, turned and put on a big hat, summoned Night Snow, and went over to his destination the fastest possible speed.
Although this healer-type mech made by Brian does not have a powerful attack system, its operating speed is nevertheless not lost to an A-Class mech, which is still several times faster than the average suspension car. Snow sat in the cockpit and designated the target point for Night Snow. Night Snow flew forward carrying him and quickly arrived near Locke Castle.
There are thousands of castles on the capital star and the reason why Locke Castle has become so well-known does not lie in its prosperity, but it's terror.
— This castle is known as "The City of the Dead".
— Those who enter are lifeless. There was death everywhere in the city, the humans who remained were the ghastly bones of the dead.
The castle was originally a very lively and prosperous place. There were many residents in the castle, and their lives were joyous and harmonious. However, more than 50 years ago, as a result of a virus outbreak, almost all the residents in Locke Castle feel ill and died here, and the virus spread quickly. It was several times more terrible than the Plague of the ancient earth era.
Since the migration of humanity from the Earth to other galaxies in the universe, all kinds of new viruses have brought about enormous threats to the human race. At the same time, human medical technology was also advancing by leaps and bounds. Most of the vaccines for viruses have already been successfully developed, but more than 50 years ago the SAV-II virus broke out and swept out the entire castle in just one short week. None of its residents was spared. It is considered to be the most severe infectious disease since the establishment of the Empire.
The Empire had previously sent out several medical experts to come here to study the virus. Unfortunately, those several experts also became infected with the virus and lost their lives. Since then, Locke Castle had built a reputation and became "The City of the Dead". The military completely sealed off the castle, cutting off all groundwater sources and electricity in the castle, closed the gates, built high walls, and no longer allowed anyone to enter.
These days, because the military's stringent patrolling of the capital star, they just happened to patrol the area where Locke Castle was located. Snow had several times reached the outer perimeter of the castle only to find traces of the air patrol troops, and had to turn back midway through.
Fortunately for today, those annoying guys are all finally leaving.
Snow arrived near the castle and immediately came out of the inside of Night Snow's cockpit, having Night Snow enter the space button in his necklace. Straightening out his clothes, he then turned and walked over to the gate of the castle.
The gates of the castle have already been sealed shut and it is impossible to honorably and justly enter. Snow frowned slightly, falling back a step, he went to an inconspicuous corner and positioned himself there and looked up at the high city walls to find the right position. He forcibly threw the metal hook to the top of the city wall!
The hooks "Bang" sounded, it accurately struck the apex of the city wall and Snow took a deep breath, firmly clasped the metal wire in his hand, and rapidly scaled up the city wall.
The City of the Dead, which had long since been abandoned, has been desolate and uninhabited for the past many years. There was no laser defense network around to intercept. Snow smoothly turned over the city wall, smoothly sliding to the ground, and turned his body towards the end of the street.
It was already three o'clock in the middle of the night at this point. The surroundings were dreadfully silent and the gentle moonlight cascaded down, it looked like a layer of pale silver light muslin was draped over the castle. Occasionally, the wind blew across and the surrounding tree leaves made a rustling sound, the swaying tree leaves cast a mottled shadow on the ground. The fragmented and scattered bones of the dead on both sides of the street added a trace of terror to the silent atmosphere during the odd hours of the night.
Snow kept a fast pace in the deserted street, leaving only the sounds of the wind and his own footsteps in his ear.
Relying on memory, he quickly passed through three streets and finally came in front of the door to Locke Castle, No. B17 3rd St. Villa.
Snow bites his finger as hard as he could and dripped his scarlet blood into the smart sensor area in front of the door at the villa. The sensory area emitted a feeble light. After a moment, the thick metal door in front of him made creaking and groaning sounds as it slowly opened.
After being uninhabited for so many years, this door made of metal had long ago already oxidized and rusted. The sound of it opening is particularly ear-piercing in the darkness of the silent night. A large expanse of weeds grows between the small cracks in the marble floor of the villa. In his memory as a child, the branches were thick and thin. Now the trees already look very thick and solid and the dense branches even extend out of the walls of the villa.
Snow frowned as he crossed the weeds and entered the villa.
The furniture in the living room was covered in dust and the original spotless white walls had even been covered entirely with spider webs.
"......"
Recalling the scenes of when he used to live here when he was a child, the rim of Snow's eyes suddenly became bitter.
Taking a deep breath and no longer minding these details, Snow went AWOL and moved towards the direction of the bathroom.
The surface area of the bathroom is very large, no one would have thought that there was an amazing secret hidden underneath this bathroom.
— The mysterious scientific organization "Undercurrent" consisting entirely of Omega, has its laboratory and general headquarters hidden beneath the Locke Castle in a place called "The City of the Dead".
The author has something to say: Snow and Bubu have not shown their faces for a good several days. Did everyone think they died? In the near future, these two will make great progress~~
Caesar compares soy sauce, for now, every one be at ease, Caesar and Xiao Yuan still have a long time to cultivate feelings, en en ah ah scene~~
(
TN
: If there's a lot of typos or things just sound wonky I'll just apologize in advance lol. Very tired~ But hey, it's done! And off to chapter 50~ Finally getting deeper into the plot~ PS: Yes the author changed it from colons to commas in the chapter titles. Props if you noticed.)
Chapter 050, Undercurrent
Snow found the detector hidden between the junction of the walls in the bathroom and once again used the blood from his finger to drip down into it.
After roughly ten seconds, sure enough, the detector lit up with a hint of soft radiance. It simply appeared that the floor under Snow's feet suddenly split open with a crack of more than one meter wide, and Snow, standing there, immediately fell down and the floor subsequently closed soon after. The bathroom once again resumed its original appearance. Snow seemed as if he had just been suddenly swallowed up by the earth, disappearing without a trace.
The design of the city's underground is highly secretive and the authentication for entering is entirely reliant on blood.
The detector's bioanalysis system will automatically discern the present gene sequence in the human blood and strictly verify it compared to the data stored in the system. After a successful verification, the passage will be opened. Anyone who is not a member of the Undercurrent Organization absolutely may not enter without permission. If any strangers break into the underground of the city by any other means, all of the secret information in the underground of the city will be automatically destroyed!
More than 50 years ago, the SAV-II virus wreaked havoc and turned Locke Castle into Hell overnight. That virus passed through drinking water and spread rapidly in a short period of time. A large number of residents died due to the infection from the virus. Only a few several people narrowly and luckily escaped the disaster.
A married couple, Dr. Sean and his wife just happened to be doing experiments in a sealed laboratory at the time, thus avoiding the effects of the virus.
By the time they finished the experiment, the storm of the virus had long since passed, and the whole city had also become "The City of the Dead". The streets were full of the skeletons of the dead, communications and the Internet were paralyzed, and the military had immediately considered this place as a ruin. The city gates were also directly sealed off!
The two took along gas masks and started looking for survivors from house to house. They did surprisingly find a few living people.
As chance had it, those who were alive were all Omegas and many of them were pregnant Omegas. After Sean looked into it, he discovered that these Omegas had special physical constitutions, and the environment in their body is not very suitable for the survival of the SAV-II virus, therefore allowing them to survive this disaster.
Fortunately, the devastation of this virus had not ruined the city's infrastructure. The food sold in supermarkets was still edible, but because the city has been completely sealed off, communications and the Internet had also been completely interrupted. These survivors had no way to get in touch with the outside world, so they had no other option but to gather in
Dr
. Sean's villa and set up this underground passage, and began to find ways to live in this "City of the Dead".
(
TN
: Here, Dr. Sean is referred to in a different way as he previously was, he was referred to as a medical doctor at first (医生), but it seems he will also be referred to as Dr. (博士), as in one who has a Ph.D. kind of Dr. that received their doctorate degree in college. Presumably, he has a doctorate in a medical field regardless. Zhou Yi, on the other hand, has been referred to as (医生), the medical kind.)
— This is the origin of the Undercurrent Organization.
Except for Sean and his wife who are Beta, everyone else is all Omega and the Omega children they bore also, as a consequence, escaped the registration of the Omega Association.
In order to survive in these desperate straits, it is necessary to resolve the problem of the Omega's estrus.
Sean and his wife began to study inhibitors for Omegas. After going through continuous trials, they finally developed a hypodermic injection that can control the level of pheromones in the body. The Omegas no longer had to worry about their estrus causing complications.
The group of people lived in this ghost town cut off from the rest of the world for many years until the few Omega children slowly began to grow up.
Even though the several children were born in this kind of "City of the Dead", they were still quick-witted, clever, and obedient.
As the parents of these children, they can't bear to let their children stay here forever......
Thus, they thought of a way by looking in the machinery manufacturing plant for the very same metal wire Snow carried on his person. They could use this to climb the extremely high walls. They had made a variety of Omega pheromone inhibitors that allowed the children to disguise themselves as Betas and sneak into the population.
Under the guidance of many elders, those several Omega children became extremely excellent. They are not only very agile and nimble but also very intelligent. By the time they were young, they could use the metal wires to come and go to this castle with ease. They are simply just like a group of little Omega superhumans.
After growing up, those several Omega youths were not willing to resign themselves to living their entire lives being trapped in this sealed castle. They had dreamt of their own dreams. They wished to go outside and see the world and they also wanted other Omegas to live like them to be alive so freely and easily.
So, several Omega youths left Locke Castle with the help of those from the previous generation.
There was one
who was admitted to the St. Romia Military Academy and became the youngest Major General in the history of the Empire; there was one who went to the Imperial Central Hospital and became the top doctor; there was one went on to learn to make mechs and became a remarkable expert mech manufacturer; there was one who pretended to be a Beta to enter the specialized Omega school and has become a well-received teacher......
(
TN
: Pretty sure this is referencing Ling Yu? I could have sworn I remember seeing this mentioned somewhere...)
They have gradually established a foundation in all walks of life and introduced the ​​Omega's who held the same ideas as them into the Undercurrent Organization.
The Undercurrent Organization secretly provided pheromone inhibitors to Omegas and even developed a new type of inhibitor that if injected throughout childhood would allow the child to completely become a Beta when they are 20 years old.
The scale of the Undercurrent Organization is getting bigger and bigger with many Omega newcomers secretly joining each year. This kind of inhibitor that can control the estrus is very popular among Omegas and it is quickly circulated in secret between Omegas.
That was until 19 years ago, the military did not know about the existence of this organization and began to thoroughly investigate the source of the inhibitors. They wanted to catch the entire organization in one net — Ling Yu was the first Omega to be singled out as a target by the military.
Fortunately, Ling Yu was able to notice that this turn of events was anything but good and immediately sent out a message to the Undercurrent's General Headquarters. A majority of the members in the Undercurrent Organization hid away in time to escape the pursuit of the military, but there were still some Omegas that had not had enough time to escape and were secretly arrested by the military.
Since the beginning of that year, this organization has vanished without a trace and many of the members of the organization remain unaccounted for.
Once again returning to the underground city of the Undercurrent General Headquarters after so many years, Snow actually has the feeling as though he is in artificial reality inside a dreamland.
Although Locke Castle is called The City of the Dead, this underground space is nevertheless constructed incomparably beautifully.
The survivors used a full six-year period to build a brand new underground city here.
The lights here use the most advanced energy-saving voice-activated lighting system. Snow is took the elevator all the way down. All along the way, the lights flicker on in succession as if they were greeting a guest. In the wake of the lights revealing light, one can see that each of the rooms has a different layout. There was a large-scale underground supermarket for storing food, pharmacies for storing various kinds of medicines, intertwining rows of rooms and even a gymnasium.
The underground of the city was altogether divided into three levels. The first floor is the residential area, the second floor is the food and various necessities storage area, and the third floor is the Undercurrent Organization's central laboratory.
Snow took in the elevator straight down and reached the lowest level of the central laboratory.
If he remembers correctly, there is something he wants to look for in the central laboratory —
Every raw material for making Omega pheromone inhibitors, including a large number of prohibited drugs that have long since been banned in the market!
Snow walked out of the freight elevator and took a deep breath, advancing towards the depths of the corridor.
In dead silence, only the echo of footsteps reverberated in the empty corridor and it was particularly clear to his ears. Snow quickened his steps forward and when he walked up to the entrance of the laboratory, he came down to a stiff halt.
— This isn't right, the echoing sound of these footsteps seems to be more than one person......
— Could there be another person here?!
Snow immediately took out the needle from inside his sleeve and clasped the end tightly in his hand. He had just barely turned around when he suddenly felt a slight prick on the nape of his neck!
The tip of the needle pierces through the skin on the nape of his neck and then a strange sense of numbness spreads all over his body.
Snow wides his eyes in shock.
— This is the conventional weapon used by members of the Undercurrent Organization!
— Dr. Sean's weapons, neuro-anesthetics, which were specially developed for Omegas, are hidden in tiny tips of needles. Even if you only lightly puncture the skin, you can directly drop a person with matchless strength straight to the ground. More importantly, the weapon can also pass through any inspections and can be stealthily hidden in sleeves, bags, and even under fingernails.
At the same time as he was thinking about this explanation, Snow's eyes already began to grow lax, and soon his whole body weakened and he fell towards the ground.
With his consciousness fading away, he perceived himself to be in what seemed like the embrace of a man. The man's arm held a lot of power, but his body had a faintly cold scent. Snow only had time to see the
dark blue
of the military boots on his feet......
(
TN
: Wonder who this is~? If you need a little extra help just see who wears a blue military uniform in the last chapter.)
Then, he completely lost consciousness.
***
The Bayh household's 200th birthday celebration for Mr. Aston has been on from the beginning of 8:00 in the morning up to 8:00 in the evening.
Although Caesar participated in the birthday celebration on behalf of the royal family's courtesy, he was honestly a little impatient as he sat in the banquet hall.
As the leader of the Hydra Legion, one of the five major legions of the Empire, the Bayh family naturally has a large family of fit with a plethora of branch families. Mr. Aston has several brothers and there are too many cousins to count. Those of the older generations dragged their sons and grandsons from running away to give their congratulations. This scene is really larger than life and would make one exclaim in admiration. Even Brian himself couldn't count how many brothers he had, let alone Caesar as an outsider.
Caesar was actually very familiar with the Bayh family, simply because of Mr. Aston's direct connection to his bloodline. Aston's youngest son, General Drew Bayh, is the head of the Hydra Legion. Caesar's
first cousin once-removed
, Berg, was married off to him and their only son, Brian, is Caesar's best friend.
(
TN
: Restating, here this is used, 堂叔- one's father's younger male cousin. (Google Translate will lie to you, it does contain the character for uncle but the first character is for a paternal cousin relationship.) Caesar will refer to him as an Uncle.)
Compared to those heaping piles of sons from all his uncles in the family, his only bloodline left is his sole child, Brian. It gives the impression that he really is a little weak.
The reason why General Drew only had Brian as his only baby son is entirely because of his most beloved man, his wife. Back then after Berg gave birth to Brian, his body was in such poor health that it got to the point where he almost died. Drew did not dare to let him continue to give birth. From then on, he has been using artificial contraceptives.
As a man who loves his wife, General Drew is often ridiculed by other people in the military.
Brian is actually very proud and heavily endorses his father's methods and he intends to learn from his father's strengths to develop and build upon them.
— Our family in the future, Snow will also only give birth once.
In the first place for Beta, just giving birth comes with difficulties and Brian was also reluctant to have Snow suffer through this ordeal and place too much pain in his innermost feelings until it was entirely too late.
The whole banquet hall was unusually bustling with noise and excitement and from time to time there were some so-called cousins ​​who came over to say hello to Brian.
It simply gave Brian an extreme headache.
His dad, Berg's personality is a bit cold and he engrosses himself in mech research all day long. His father, Drew is also occupied handling military affairs. Their family does not have much contact with other people in the Bayh family. Brian had always idly stuck himself to his dad's ass like a bum beetle and followed him closely to the storehouse to give him a helping hand, resulting in him being completely unfamiliar with his other brothers in the Bayh family.
*
What Brig, Blaise, Blyde...... All of these names of his cousins are too hard to remember!
(
TN
: Names above are 布莱格，布莱兹，and 布莱德. Notice anything? Brian's name is 布莱恩. I myself thought it was funny, but anyways, apparently either Brian is overexaggerating or everyone in his family really isn't too creative with names. I should also throw in that Caesar (Xize) (西泽) and Xiwei (西维) both start with the same character too. It's taken from a character in Lacey Empire (莱西) which also has a character from Brian's name too (莱). This all just some neat little things I'd like to point out but never receive an opportunity to.)
From 8:00 am to 8:00 pm, the huge family gatherings was a boiling cauldron of voices. Brian was completely uninterested in the conversations of those cousins. He found an excuse to get out and arrived at Caesar's side. The two took along some glasses of red wine and went to a corner in the lounge and chatted.
Brian swirled the wine glass in his hand and frowned as he said: "It's so damn boring. My grandfather couldn't stand it anymore and slipped away earlier......
Shouxing
has already left. Why are they still not stopping?!"
(
TN
: This is the name of the God of Longevity and just a specific term for an old person who is celebrating their birthday.)
Caesar said in a low voice: "According to your family's usual habits, every year they celebrate until at least 10 o'clock in the evening and then they can still stay up even later eating."
Brian nodded: "That's right, they finish eating at 11 o'clock, just in time to take a bath and go to bed."
The two simultaneously looked at each other face to face and smiled helplessly. They raised their glasses and bumped them, draining their cups in one gulp.
— This kind of big family gathering can truly go on for the whole day with so many people.
Caesar placed his empty wine glass on the table and looked back at Brian and said: "Wouldn't it be better to ditch?"
Brian had this thought, "Alright, I will take you to my family's mech warehouse to take a look."
Although the mech warehouse in Brian's home is a personal mech warehouse, it is nevertheless comparable to the Empire's officially largest mech warehouse.
Mr. Aston's warehouse stocks of armor parts range from E-Class to A-Class in as many as tens of thousands, this mech warehouse is almost comparable to a large-scale mech manufacturing plant. The entire mech warehouse is five stories. The first floor to the fourth floor is all depots classified to store all kinds of parts. The fifth floor stores some of the mechs that Berg himself has made. Ever since Mr. Aston finished up White Feather, he has no longer concerned himself with it. Now, this warehouse is being managed by Berg.
Brian brought Caesar to the fifth floor and Berg was also in there.
Under the lights, the man was fully concentrated as he examined the design plans, the profile of his face appeared unspeakably soft. Hearing the sound of footsteps, he raised his head and frowned slightly with some annoyance: "Brian, you're not at the party, what are you doing here?"
Berg being an Omega, this kind of family gathering is inconvenient to attend outright. After all, a lot of Alphas from a collateral bloodlines will be there. Drew wants nothing more than to hide his wife in his pocket. He is simply unable to let him show his face in front of so many Alphas.
Berg himself in regards to this unexpectedly does not want to get so close to this kind of excitement, he just wants to be at ease and stay in the mech warehouse to study design plans.
Coming into contact with the cold gaze of his Dad, Brian smiled and said: "
Pa
, this party is too boring, I took Caesar for a casual stroll."
(
TN
: He goes from (爸爸) to just (爸).)
Caesar also smiled and said: "Is Uncle is studying new mech design plans?"
Berg nodded and said: "En, I am helping Brian look over the plans for the design drawings of this healing-type mech." Pausing for a moment, he somewhat doubtfully said, "Brian, what are you doing with this healing-type mech? Furthermore, you're spending so much time designing it, who is it for?"
Brian was embarrassed as he scratched his head, he couldn't help but think: Of course, it is for your daughter-in-law!
However, the current timing is not right. Brian did not dare to confess about Snow too directly. He found an excuse to say: "I just suddenly had a burst of inspiration. According to these drawing plans, I made a mech, but I always feel that there is still a lot of room for improvements to be made, so I want you to help me take a look."
Berg nodded and handed the drawings back to Brian. The tone of his voice was flat as he said: "The train of thought behind this design is fairly good. At your current level, it can already be considered extraordinarily well done. There are a few areas where it can be upgraded some, I can help you draw it out, I could also find the opportunity to show it to your grandfather."
Berg very rarely praises his son, but often scolds Brian for acting like an idiot, he seldom declares any words considered to be praise like"extraordinarily well done". Brian immediately happily took the design plans from his dad's hands, "Thanks, Dad!"
Berg nodded his head and turned to look at Caesar: "Caesar, your Father came today too, right?"
Caesar said: "Yes, Father is talking over some things with Grandpa Aston."
Berg was silent for a moment and said, "Then you two are just messing around and taking a stroll around here. I am tired, I'll go back to rest first."
Caesar smiled and said: "Alright, goodnight Uncle."
Berg then left, Brian picked up the design plan with his dad's corrections, gives it a quick once over, and says excitedly: "Great, Pa's level is really much better than mine! Once I get back, I must immediately remodel Night Snow. Adding these kinds of functions, Snow will certainly be very happy."
Seeing Brian's face light up when he mentioned Snow, Caesar's heart felt slightly moved
......he also missed Lin Yuan a little.
Not seeing him for no more than one day, I began to miss that person. When I left the hotel, I left him a message for him and bought him lunch, but I can't be completely at ease. I always feel that leaving my Omega all alone is very irresponsible behavior......
It goes without saying that he really liked him from the start. In addition to his marking of him previously, the fundamental nature of an Alpha desires to protect, which makes Caesar itch to keep Lin Yuan close to his side at all times. He wishes for nothing more than for Lin Yuan to be in his line of sight in every moment. Not being able to see him for a single moment makes his heart terribly uncomfortable.
Brian studied the design plans for a second before running downstairs to dig out the right parts, leaving Caesar to take a stroll around in his lonesome.
Caesar was not in the mood to appreciate these mechs. His longing for Lin Yuan that settled at the bottom of his heart made him impatiently take a deep breath and turned to walk towards a window. He took out his own communicator and immediately input Lin Yuan's number.
The small ball in the palm of the hand started to revolve at a high speed and soon the communicator was put through.
Caesar suddenly froze in place.
— What appeared in front of him was not Lin Yuan's face, but the handsome face of an adult man.
— Imperial Marshal, Rosen.
It's currently almost eleven by now! How could Xiao Yuan's communicator be in the hands of the Marshal?
What is even more surprising is that the surroundings in which the Marshal is located is obviously a bedroom. On the bed behind him is the indistinct outline of a figure laying down on the bed. As the Marshal stands up from the bedside, the person lying on the bed in front of him gradually becomes more distinct.
Jet-black hair, long eyelashes, the corners of his lips are slightly raised into a smile from what must be experiencing a beautiful dream......
That's Lin Yuan......
Caesar was simultaneously shocked as a sudden trace of hot anger rose from the bottom of his heart!
Unlike from the mutual attraction between Alphas and Omegas, the pheromones between an Alpha and another Alpha entirely repel each other's existence. That day when he took Lin Yuan out to eat with Rosen, the Marshal repeatedly gave Lin Yuan dishes and also looked at Lin Yuan with a gaze full of tenderness. Caesar's heart was already in a somewhat bad mood from being hung up to the side to dry. Considering that the other side is a respected Marshal and a senior from the older generation, Caesar had to endure the uncomfortable feelings in his heart, trying to get it in his mind that this is merely an elder appreciating and looking after the younger generation and did not say anything.
After Rosen saw the mark on the nape of Lin Yuan's neck, Caesar explained the reason and simultaneously also really wanted him to be aware of who the person who marked Lin Yuan was. When an Alpha lets another Alpha know that he has left a mark on the neck of a certain Omega, this actually explicitly indicates something — it clearly informs the other party, Lin Yuan is already my Omega, don't try anything with my Xiao Yuan......
Caesar thought that he had already made it clear enough. As a result, today, Marshal Rosen actually brought Lin Yuan to a bedroom god knows where? Lin Yuan, this idiot actually even fell asleep without the slightest precautions?
Looking at the scene that seemed to be very "warm", Caesar's eyes were nearly spitting fire!
Tightly clenching his fist, Caesar steadied his voice as much as possible and said: "Marshal, what's this all about? Xiao Yuan, why is he there with you?"
Rosen coldly stared at Caesar, slightly knitting his brows, "Does Xiao Yuan's whereabouts even need to be reported to you?"
Caesar: "......"
Isn't this sentence simply a glaring provocation?
The Omega which I have just recently marked, is now sleeping peacefully next to another Alpha? No matter whether it is a prince or a civilian, this matter is absolutely intolerable for any Alpha!
Caesar took a deep breath and meticulously examined the surroundings of Rosen's location. He spoke with a low voice: "Is he in your apartment? I'm coming to pick him up now."
Rosen's lips seemed to upturn into an invisible smile while looking at this fool, Caesar. He indifferently said: "That's unnecessary, I will send him back to the hotel tomorrow morning, he is already asleep, you shouldn't bother coming."
As soon as he finished speaking, he just bluntly hung up his communicator.
As the image in front of him suddenly disappeared, Caesar stared blankly for a while, and then his face went red as if he had been slapped in the face.
Taking a deep breath and calming down his heart that almost exploded, Caesar firmly called out: "White Feather, come out!"
"Yes, Master!" White Feather who was summoned was immediately glad to jump out and send Caesar into its own cockpit. It excitedly said, "I can't wait any longer! Quick quick quick, let's go and take back Lin Xiao Yuan and Predecessor Suzaku!"
***
In Rosen's apartment.
Inside the space button, Black Dragon calmly said: "Master, White Feather has arrived right at the door."
Rosen looked down at the time stamp on the stopwatch, one minute and five seconds.
Caesar flew to the door of Rosen's apartment in a minute and five seconds.
Nevertheless, Rosen frowned and faintly said: "This Caesar is too slow."
The author has something to say: Caesar courts death by going to the front door of his father-in-law's house hahahaha.
Courting death Caesar+Courting death White Feather~~~!
No zuodie
(
TN
: Written in English, if you don't seek death you won't die, used to comment on crazy actions that lead to embarrassment or other awkwardness. May also be written as No Zuo No Die.)
The master and mech are
over
on the same rhythm together ~ ~ 2k novel reading network
(
TN
: Written in English too.)
(
Another TN
: I took a long time, yes I know. But I got caught up on the raw episodes of The Untamed so who really lost something besides me who spent like 10 hours binging?)
Chapter 051, Origin
Outside of Rosen's apartment, Caesar had White Feather shrink down into its humanoid form and steadily land on the ground. They had just arrived at the visitor verification area outside the apartment's door. Soon, the face of a middle-aged man appeared on the screen in front of him, Mr. Wilde, the butler of Rosen's apartment.
Wilder smiled and said, "So it turned out to be His Royal Highness, may I ask if there is anything I can do for you?"
Caesar endured his furious heart and said as calmly as possible, "I have a pressing matter and need to see the Marshal, I'll trouble you to notify him."
The smile on Wilde's face could not be shaken by thunder, "Apologies Your Royal Highness, as for the Marshal, he is already asleep. Why don't you come back tomorrow? Or possibly let the Marshal come to the Imperial Palace to see you tomorrow?"
Caesar: "......"
— Sleeping? This is obviously an excuse!
As a prince, this was the first time in Caesar's life that he was stopped outside a door and refused entrance like this!
However, Marshal Rosen is in an honorable position at the end of the day. As the head of the Glory Legion and an important high-ranking military officer in the military, his private residence is fully covered with a laser defense net. People without permission cannot rashly enter. Rosen's entire apartment is comparable to a large park. Looking out from the gateway entrance, you can only see a wide expanse of lawns, flower beds and trees. Even the shadow of the villa where the owner lives can't be seen.
Thinking of Lin Yuan in that bedroom soundly asleep on the bed, Caesar felt a cluster of hot anger rise from the bottom of his heart.
Your Omega has been taken away by another Alpha, this simply cannot be tolerated!
Even though Marshal Rosen is considered to be an elder, in today's day and age the human life expectancy has already exceeded 300 years of age. With the Marshal's age, he can still be considered to be in the category of a golden bachelor. In addition, Lin Yuan has always really admired him and with Lin Yuan's pure personality, he clearly completely lacks any sense of danger. If he has any thoughts about Lin Yuan, the consequences would be simply unimaginable......
Caesar tightly clenched his fists and forced himself to calm down. Then, through White Feather's communicator, he requested communication with Black Dragon.
In the villa, Black Dragon's golden eyes flashed for a moment and said: "Master, there is a request for communication from White Feather."
Rosen raised the corner of his lips and put through the communicator.
White Feather excitedly shouted at his side: "Master Master! If the Marshal does not let us in, we will resolutely charge right through!"
With the Master, even the Imperial Palace can be charged through, not to say the Marshal's private apartment. White Feather suddenly felt very arrogant and proud. He is definitely the most impressive S-Class mech in the history of the Empire. Firmly breaking through all kinds of places is simply a piece of cake to him! This glorious deed should definitely be written into the Mech Association's annals! The hero rescues the beauty by resolutely charging through Rosen's apartment complex, getting ahold of Predecessor Suzaku and saving the day and what not is simply too romantic!
Compared with the excitement of White Feather, Caesar contrariwise quickly calmed down and looked at the image of the man with a serious face. Caesar took a deep breath and calmly said: "Marshal, I have some words to tell you, would you please let me in."
Rosen raised his eyebrows and did not respond.
Caesar continued to maintain his elegant demeanor and said: "In fact, I can use White Feather and break right through. Those laser nets above the apartment can't do anything to White Feather. However, I don't want to do that. Because if the matter of me breaking into the Marshal's apartment gets out to other generals and someone who uses their head carefully investigates it, it's highly likely that Xiao Yuan's identity would be exposed." Caesar paused, "I think the best way is to pretend that I have a matter to drop in and pay you a visit for. We can calmly sit down and have a proper chat. This is just for the sake of Xiao Yuan, you see?"
— At last, he had gathered a bit of brain and no impulse.
— However, if he dares to be impulsive, Black Dragon has long since been here on standby. The tail of the mech connected to the man swept out and unconditionally spoke no objections.
Rosen nodded. "Well then, there are some words to come in and say." The apartment gate was immediately opened with the owner's highest authority.
Caesar said a noise of "thanks" and immediately piloted White Feather into the apartment.
Rosen shut off the communicator and turned back to look at the son on his bed. He asked in a low voice, "Xiao Yuan, do you like this little prince?"
Lin Yuan, who was sound asleep, totally couldn't hear what his father was asking, he took his face and buried it into a pillow, lightly snoring.
Rosen faintly smiled, he reached out and tugged up the quilt for his son. He said softly: "Don't worry, even if he has marked you, so long as you don't like him, naturally there is a father who will back you up."
The words Rosen spoke directly put his treasured son is put above all of his principles.
— If my son is not happy, Caesar also doesn't get to be happy.
— So what about being a prince, so what about marking him? If my son does not look at you, even the Heavenly King would also have to move aside.
Rosen had just barely assumed the position of a father, he doesn't know how he should show love to his son. Rosen had of course been terribly distressed by his son lodging under another person's roof for a full 18 years. What's more, his son's Omega identity has already been exposed and Caesar had even secretly given him a mark without a second thought?
At this time, Caesar had rushed to the door, definitely coming to court death!
After entering the apartment, Caesar charged into the villa as fast as possible.
At the door, White Feather sunk to the ground, and when they walked to the front of the door, they found the door was open. Obviously, the Marshal was waiting for him.
This kind of "opening the door waiting for you to arrive" position...... Why does it seem so wrong?
Caesar ignored the strangeness of it in his heart and slowly walked into the house.
As soon as he entered the door, he caught sight of Marshal Rosen sitting on the sofa. Even though he did not wear any special military uniform, he gave out a strong sense of oppression. However, as the man with domestic clothing swept his indifferent gaze over himself, it had nevertheless made Caesar's scalp go unbearably numb.
This feeling of being "examined" is especially unpleasant!
Caesar lightly clenched his fist out of sight, trying to cover up the strong anger and vinegar in his heart as much as possible. With an unperturbed facial expression, he walked up to face the man and said calmly: "Marshal, I will pick up Xiao Yuan and take him back, where is he?"
Rosen insipidly said: "He fell asleep."
"......" Caesar's fingers tightened themselves, "Marshal, I will still bring him back to the hotel. He has not returned all night, it might cause doubts to arise from instructors and classmates. "
Rosen facial expression was just as cynical as before, looking at Caesar he said: "I had Wilde pick up Xiao Yuan and bring him over here in secret and not one person has been aware of it. As for the matter of him not coming back for the whole night, you dwell in the room with him, if you don't say anything, who would know?"
"......"
Secretly picked up to come here? What does he want to do after all?!
Didn't you just recently go out to have dinner the day before? As a Marshal busy with military affairs, having his butler pick up a student in secret to bring to his home, but also in the situation of still knowing that the other person is Omega......
This absolutely not simple, right?!
Caesar was silent for a moment, and somewhat annoyed said: "Marshal, I have not meddled with you getting close to Xiao Yuan from the beginning. I had thought that you only appreciated his talents as an elder. You are willing to help him hide his circumstances. I am extremely grateful for you — but if you have any other thoughts about him, I advise you to give up as soon as possible!
Just as a wild animal uses its tail to surround its belongings to put in its territory, Caesar has clearly already determined Lin Yuan to be his Omega ever since he spoke out, it's a demonstration of the Alpha in front of you!
The corner of Rosen's lips rose slightly for a second, "Why should I give up?"
Caesar calmly greeted Rosen's gaze. "Because I like Xiao Yuan, I have already marked him, he is my Omega!"
Rosen's face abruptly grew completely cold: "You went and marked him, is he really yours? You completely marked him?"
Caesar said: "......although it is a temporary mark, I am serious about him!"
Caesar should rejoice that he did not have a momentary urge to completely possess and mark Lin Yuan. Otherwise, Rosen would have already gotten ahold of him and chopped him up into bits of waste.
Rosen faintly said: "Was he in a voluntary situation?"
Caesar: "......"
This question simply drew blood on the first prick.
Caesar was rather somewhat embarrassed in his heart. When Lin Yuan was marked, Lin Yuan was completely unaware of it. But at this moment in time of opposing one another with equal harshness, he absolutely must not show one hint of weakness in front of Rosen.
Caesar thickened his face to say: "It was."
Rosen asked in a low voice: "You mean that Xiao Yuan, he likes you too?"
Caesar continued to keep a straight face and said: "Of course he likes me."
Rosen: "......"
At that moment, Rosen suddenly really wanted to ask, you lie more than you tell the truth, did you learn your acting skills from your Father?
— Trent has taught such a good son!
Coming into contact with Caesar's undisturbed gaze, Rosen pursed his eyebrows somewhat displeasedly, "Have you made up your mind to be with Xiao Yuan?"
Caesar hurriedly said, "Of course!"
Rosen stared straight into Caesar's eyes and spoke one word at a time: "Caesar, as a prince, did you completely forget the rules that you need to consider when choosing a partner? Lin Yuan is just an orphan and the fact is you are the sole heir to the Empire. You think that with your honorable status, people would respect you marrying an Omega of unknown origins ?"
Caesar earnestly said: "You are right, Xiao Yuan is an orphan. He does not have an illustrious family background to back him, but I like this one. His status and background have nothing to do with it. As far as I am concerned, he is the partner I want to protect for all my life, I believe that my foresight will not be wrong."
When Caesar mentioned this, his gaze had unexpectedly become gentle and soft, "Xiao Yuan grew up in such a difficult environment, but he is still so optimistic and kindhearted. He has always been very hard-working and he's awfully strong. I like him, even more, I love him dearly. I can guarantee that even if the royal family makes things difficult for him one day, I will absolutely use all of my strength at the risk of my life to prevent him from suffering any bit of grievance. I will not only give him the proper respect he deserves, but also give him the most open freedom."
Caesar raised his head to look at Rosen, his voice both calm and firm: "If one day in the future, I become this Empire's King, Lin Yuan would be the only Queen in my eyes."
— The only Queen in his eyes? The partner you want to protect your entire life?
The words of Caesar were completely firm and calm, he is clearly not just acting out a script. Since he has at last spoken about this, Rosen also has no reason to doubt his sincerity.
Rosen couldn't help but feel somewhat amazed from the bottom of his heart. He really only wanted to feel out Caesar. He didn't expect that Caesar's feelings for Xiao Yuan would be so deep. He had not only set his mind on Xiao Yuan, but he also had such a long-term plan for their future......
—An Imperial Queen?
His ignorant son is currently burying his face in a pillow, remarkably sound asleep.
His son, who hasn't yet to fully understand such things properly, perhaps does not know what romantic love is, he obviously also does not know Caesar's intentions.
This guy, Caesar, is obviously only wishfully thinking.
Rosen looked at Caesar's appearance of making a solemn vow and he couldn't help but feel it was a bit laughable in his heart. He lowered his voice as he said: "Caesar, even if you have set your mind on Xiao Yuan, it also depends on his own wishes. If Xiao Yuan doesn't want to go to the Imperial Palace, I will never, ever allow you to force him."
All of a sudden, Caesar was stunned and from the bottom of his heart couldn't help but think —
You are really too much of a micromanager, aren't you?
I am so good to Xiao Yuan, why on earth do you insist on inserting your foot? What is the matter with you old man, you think if he doesn't want to go to the Imperial Palace I'll kidnap and lock him up?
Caesar was displeased as he looked at Rosen, "Marshal, can I take Xiao Yuan away?"Rosen said, "Can't."
Caesar: "......"
With great difficulty, he suppressed the anger that rushed forth in his heart once again, a burst of pulsating thumps rushed straight to Caesar's temples. Were it not for the opposing party being the Imperial Marshal where even his Royal Father had to respect him to some degree, Caesar couldn't help but think to rush up there and forcibly take that person.
What does he mean in the end when he says he still won't let that person go after so long?
At this moment, Rosen suddenly opened his mouth to speak: "Today is Mr. Aston's birthday. At what time did you attend the banquet?"
Caesar wondered a bit as to why the Marshal suddenly changed the topic, but he still politely replied: "8 o'clock in the morning."
Rosen went on to say: "So, at what time did you find out that Lin Yuan was at my place?"
"......"
Caesar had become stumped for words from the deepest parts of his heart, he suddenly felt a hint of chilliness crawl up his back!
Yes...... 10 o'clock at night......
Caesar didn't even have any time to answer before Rosen said the answer for him: "You left the hotel at eight in the morning and only found out that Lin Yuan was taken away by me at ten o'clock in the evening. Then at 10:01 and 5 seconds, you made your way over spitting in anger and demanded to pick him up and bring him back, you then wasted another five minutes at the door."
Rosen's expression was frightfully cold, "How long have you been apart, do you need me to calculate it for you?"
Caesar: "........."
Rosen said: "Black Dragon."
Black Dragon was quietly watching the good show, called by its Master, it immediately and calmly said: "Master, apart for fourteen hours, six minutes and five seconds."
Caesar: "............"
Rosen looked at Caesar and said coldly: "After you left Lin Yuan, it was a whole 14 hours, 6 minutes and 5 seconds before you realized he was taken away by me. If I want to bring harm to him during this time, it would be enough for him to die 10,000 times!"
Caesar: "........."
His original hot anger and jealousy were instantly replaced by intense frustration and remorse.
That's right, he should not have left Lin Yuan alone and by himself in the hotel. He should be together with his classmates or with Instructor Knox. Even if Lin Yuan is left alone, he should also confirm his safety at all times. After all, Lin Yuan's identity is not simple. If by any chance someone with some motives wishes harm upon him now, today, if he was not currently at his side, would be the best opportunity they could lay their hands on!
I actually ignored such a big crisis......
Caesar lightly clenched his fists and didn't know what he should say for a time.
Rosen insipidly said: "Caesar, you are so careless, how can I be at ease if I hand my son over to you?"
Caesar suddenly raised his head and looked at Rosen incredulously. His voice trembled a bit: "So...... Son?"
Rosen nodded as he spoke: "That's right, I am Lin Yuan's biological father — What did you think I brought him back here to do? You don't know how to protect him well enough. I had him come home for the night, do you have any problems with that? "
Rosen looked at Caesar with "you are an idiot" written all over his eyes.
Caesar: "....................."
A layer of cold sweat instantly came out on his back, Caesar even wished more than anything to go back just now and give himself a ruthless slap to the face!
— What has he done?
— He was challenging his father-in-law just now?!
— He even threatened his father-in-law, saying that Lin Yuan is my Omega and not to involve yourself in the matter! Don't get any ideas about Lin Yuan!
— He......
— He is simply courting death.
Caesar wished he could be sucked into the floor and immediately bowed his head and respectfully saluted. He spoke apologetically: "My-My apologies, Marshal, I-I was momentarily impulsive, it was a misunderstanding...... Pardon me......"
Rosen looked at the little prince in front of him obediently bowing his head and faintly said: "You overlooked his safety and went to attend the banquet alone. Only until 10 o'clock did you remember to get in touch with him. This is the first thing. You've said you love him over and over again. You've known he was an Omega for this long, yet you didn't even connect this to refer to his origin. This is the second thing."
"......" The cold sweat on Caesar's back practically soaked through his shirt.
The father-in-law has begun to criticize him violently, he was really done for......
Just then, even the unusually excited White Feather also sensed that this turn of events didn't bode well and it shrunk back in its space button and didn't dare to come out.
Black Dragon stood to the side and continued watching the good show.
Rosen continued to ask with a cold face: "Did you really think that Lin Yuan is an orphan? Where could have a battlefield orphan went to escape the Omega Association's registration?!"
Speaking of this, Rosen is truly a bit angry. Almost immediately after he knew that Lin Yuan was an Omega, it brought about some suspicion to find out the whole truth. But Caesar marked Lin Yuan for so many days and unexpectedly did not go to investigate Lin Yuan's origins in detail, but simply thought that Lin Yuan was an orphan?
— This moron!
Caesar's face was flushed with red as he was met with his father-in-law's lecture and bowed his head and said, "I-Actually I felt skeptical about his origins once before, but by Father's word I didn't go investigate. Xiao Yuan's foster mother also said that he was the son of Lin Weicheng's comrade-in-arms. I was careless for a moment......"
Caesar deeply bowed his body towards the Marshal, "I'm sorry, Marshal, this is really my carelessness...... Please forgive me."
Just a moment ago he was spitting in anger and told him to not get any ideas about Lin Yuan. But now, he has bowed his head and was saying I'm sorry, please forgive me......
Caesar's behavior of being slapped in the face makes Rosen feel a little bit delighted.
Seeing his favorable approach of acknowledging his mistakes, as a prince, his appearance of bowing his head in a respectful and venerable manner is actually somewhat funny. Rosen's anger had disappeared and he said calmly: "Xiao Yuan is the son of me and Ling Yu." "
Caesar: "......"
In Caesar's heart, there is an upsurge of perilous, stormy waves.
Xiao Yuan was actually the son of the Marshal and Ling Yu! With his lousy brain, he couldn't have thought of this because he had assumed that Ling Yu had been long gone. He even saw General Ling Yu's tombstone in Rosen's back garden with his own eyes......
No wonder Xiao Yuan is so outstanding, being a classmate. His classmates call him a little monster and his level of manipulating mechs is so strong......
You must know that Marshal and Ling Yu are both people who possess S-Class mechs! Both parents' mental thresholds can control S-Class mechs. With the genes of these two people combined, the ones born will be of the purest and genetically most powerful descendants!
Lin Yuan's family background and backing is unexpectantly so powerful, Caesar suddenly felt that his road to the future was bumpy......
Rosen continued to be displeased as he said: "Your Father wouldn't let you investigate, so you won't investigate? If by any chance, one day your Father wants to sacrifice Xiao Yuan for the sake of political interest, will you also readily agree?"
Caesar hurriedly said: "Of course not......"
Rosen frowned and said: "Your Father already knows all this. If I didn't discover that there was something amiss with Black Dragon's intelligence center, I would have nearly got deceived by him too. I always thought that 19 years ago, Ling Yu piloted Black Dragon and was buried alive in the interstellar ruins. I was under the impression that the Black Dragon I woke up was its replica body. I didn't discover until recently that Black Dragon's intelligence center was altered by people."
Rosen glanced at the black mech stationed in the room, Black Dragon cooperatively flashed its golden eyes.
Rosen continued: "Following me spiritually matching with it over and over again, Black Dragon surprisingly retrieved some scattered and fragmented memories. It is the original body of the Black Dragon. It is not the replica, but the part of its memory of Ling Yu piloting it to escape was artificially removed in the data center of the Mech Association."
Caesar was shocked and said: "Data removal?! Is this Father's doing?"
Rosen nodded with a cold face: "If not your Father then who else? Obviously, back when he secretly saved Ling Yu, he created the illusion of Black Dragon being buried alive, then brought back the body of Black Dragon, wiped out a portion of its data and put it back in the Mech Association. Wherever Ling Yu is, he is also probably the only one who knows. However, I only just recently learned about the full truth. He went to attend Mr. Aston's birthday party today. I still haven't had time to contact him."
Caesar was in a complicated mood and remained silent.
It is no wonder that Lin Yuan was presented with the highest authority golden card by his Father. It turned out to be because his Father attached great importance to his parents, so he was given this card when he was born. His Father liked Lin Yuan so much, he obviously also knows that Lin Yuan is that child.
Looking at the silent Marshal, Caesar did not know what to say.
After a good while, Rosen then faintly said: "Caesar, the reason why I told you the truth is that I want you to properly protect Xiao Yuan at school in the future. After all, I can't look after him at all times. If you are at his side, I will also be able to rest more assured. Rosen paused, "Such as today, more than ten hours not being in the least concerned after I came and picked him up and took him away without your knowledge. I hope that there will be no second time."
Caesar immediately nodded: "I promise, I will never make this mistake again! After I return to school, I will surely look after him well!"
This please Rosen as he nodded his head and stood up from the sofa and said: "Okay, go back now. Xiao Yuan is already asleep, don't disturb him by being too loud. I will send him back to the hotel early tomorrow morning."
This time, Caesar does not dare to have the slightest objection.
Not to mention that tonight, the Marshal wants to keep his son at home for a week, he also does not dare to have any objections.
"Then...... I will leave first, good night Marshal."
Caesar brought out an incomparably cordial smile and bowed his body venerably and respectfully, then turned away from Rosen's apartment with White Feather.
The fullness of his hot anger and the vinegar that was filled to the brim clashed together, then once again hanging his head dispiritedly, he turned around and left with his tail between his legs.
Caesar felt that he was never in his entire life as stupid as he was today.
(
TN
: Between starting up a new translation project and just regular life stuff I've been a bit busy, I'm surprised I wasn't being hounded lol so thank you! Soooo the great battle between Papa Rosen and Prince Caesar commenced. The victor was very clear lmaoooo. School is creeping up on me so we'll just have to wait and see how much time it'll cut out of my free time. Peace~)
Chapter 052, Underground Factory
Locke Castle, the third level of the underground city.
The white energy-saving lamps brightly illuminates the entire laboratory as if it were daytime, and even though the instruments and equipment in the laboratory have not been used for many years, because of the presence of the air purification and sterilization systems, they are still just as bright and shiny when they were newly purchased. The environment of the freezer is tidily arranged to store a variety of medicines. There are no labels whatsoever posted in the freezer. Only those who are very familiar with it will know where the required medicines are stored.
The automatic door slowly opened in front of him and the man wearing a dark blue military uniform slowly walked in.
The spotlessly clean military-grade leather boots which are darker than his clothes colored deep as night, stepping on the pure white floor tiles, reflecting down the soft luster under the illumination of the lights.
The man has distinctly handsome features and the black leather belt around his waist makes his slender figure all the more tall and straight. Because he isn't wearing a military cap, his ink-like black hair naturally as well as gently hangs down over by his ears. The expression on his face is extremely cold, his pair of jet-black eyes are also completely tranquil with not a wave of emotion billowing through them.
The man looked down at the youth who had already been completely knocked out in his arms. He slightly wrinkled his brows and gently placed the boy on the seat next to him. He turned around without batting an eye and quickly took out a few of the medications in the freezer, and whispered: "Black Dragon, bring these."
"Yes, Master."
The pure black mech immediately came out of the space button on the ring, flashing its golden eyes, it took all of the medicines taken by its master and put them inside the mech's interior storage space.
The man walked up to the unconscious youth, bent down slightly, and extended his hand out to gently brush away the hair covering up the youth's face, revealing his unblemished forehead and delicate eyebrows.
The youth's eyelashes are very long, the ends of his hair are slightly curled, and his white skin is almost transparent under the illumination of the light. His appearance looks very delicate and refined.
The man couldn't help but suddenly feel startled, "This child looks very much like......"
Before he could think it over carefully, Black Dragon abruptly began to talk: "Master, His Majesty send out a message, please go as soon as possible."
The man stood up straight and said: "Alright."
Putting the black mech back into the space button, the man carefully looked at the unconscious Snow and softly said in his ear: "You know how the underground city is opened, you should be some Omega's child from the Undercurrent Organization then? I used a neuro-anesthetic on you, after waking up, you won't remember anything...... This is the best way."
The man turned and walked out the door, locked in the central laboratory door using the highest authority, using these means so no one could enter from the outside. Only after this youth wakes up can he open the door himself...... This can also be considered the optimal way to protect him.
Walking straight down the corridor of the central laboratory to the end, the man put his finger on a detector hidden in an inconspicuous corner —
A silver-white metal door suddenly appeared at the end of the wall in the corner. In front of the door, the laser immediately scanned the person's pupil. Then, both halves of the door split apart and the man slowly stepped in. As he entered, the metal door behind him quickly closed shut and the wall was also immediately restored to its original appearance. In a flash, the metal door disappeared without a trace.
— What is shocking is that this passage hidden in the wall actually extends to several kilometers straight underground!
The lift descends at a high speed. Encompassed by darkness and silent like an enormous underground tomb, this kind of rapid drop even gives people the illusion of weightlessness. The lights in the lift appear particularly faint in the utter silence and darkness.
He didn't know how long it took to descend. Suddenly he heard a slight "bang" sound, the lift finally seemed to have touched the ground.
As the sound rang, the surrounding voice-activated lights immediately lit up -
A corridor more than three meters wide suddenly appeared in front of him, the floor and surrounding walls of the corridor were completely covered with white tiles, the spotless white tiles sparkled and shined under the illumination of the lighting, making the expansive corridor look incomparably solitary and empty.
The man did not rush forward, but rather walked to the side, gently pressing down on a fingerprint sensor that was less than a centimeter in size on the wall. When he placed his finger on the sensor, the originally clear air in the middle of the corridor suddenly gained a dense spider web of red lasers in
sixes and sevens
!
(
TN
: Disorderly, really intricate and messy.)
This is the laser authentication corridor.
The laser's power switch is the fingerprint sensor. If you don't go through fingerprint verification and enter without authorization, you will definitely be cut into pieces by the dense laser grid in the corridor!
Soon, with a beep, the man's fingerprint was approved by the authenticator and the laser grid in front of him quickly disappeared at a speed visible to the naked eye. The man turned and sped walked through the wide corridor that stretched out to 100 meters
At the end of the corridor is a silver metal door, just as it was before.
After passing through the same pupil verification at the entrance, the entrance to the inner chamber of the underground city finally opened little by little in front of him.
— If it was the first time you came here, you would certainly be shocked by the scene in front of you.
In the underground a few kilometers deep, there is unexpectantly such a large secret weapon manufacturing base!!
The size of this underground space is even comparable to the largest castle in the Empire's capital star!
The entire space is brightly lit, thousands of machines are running at high speed, and various metal parts are stored neatly and orderly in the side warehouse. Several robot assistants are adding parts to the machines according to their set program. Although there isn't a worker to be seen, this underground factory is nevertheless still running just as extremely smoothly and easily as before. The entire assembly line is automatically controlled by the robots and it seems that everything is clear and running in good order!
The man slowly walked onward and caught sight of a person engrossed in studying the design plans in his hand as he passed by the working room. The man appeared to be thoroughly lazy, the buttons on the shirt were fastened crookedly, his hair was as messy as a lump of weeds, and he too didn't know how long it's been since the last took care of it.
The man seemed to feel the cold gaze on the top of his head, looked up, saw the other person staring blankly from behind him, and then grinned revealing a row of neat teeth. He slowly walked to him and opened his arms, "Ling Yu, I haven't seen you for such a long time!"
In wake of him stretching out his arms, because of his contact with those metal parts, it clearly magnifies the pitch-black oil on his sleeves.
Seeing that he was about to go throw himself on him in an embrace, Ling Yu hurriedly fell back a step and side-eyed him, "Dave, have you not taken a shower for a few days?"
Dave scratched his messy hair and innocently said, "It's far too busy. There is no time to bathe, ah."
Ling Yu: "......"
As someone with an obsession with cleanliness encountering people with sloppy behavior like this, even if they are all Omegas, Ling Yu still finds it intolerable for him to be near them.
After being silent for a moment, Ling Yu said: "Has His Majesty arrived?"
Dave said: "I also just received the message, he should arrive soon!"
Just as the two people were talking, the metal door on the other side suddenly opened, three people came in one after another.
Walking at the forefront is the His Majesty Trent, the Emperor wears the royal family's ceremonial robes for attending banquets. This set of formal dress is complex and magnificent, imperceptibly revealing a bit of His Majesty's prestige.
To his side is Mr. Aston, although he has just celebrated his 200th birthday, he has grizzled hair and the corner of his eyes are filled with wrinkles, but he still looks just as healthy and sturdy as before. In glowing spirits, after he sees Ling Yu, he even happily smiles.
After that is the Captain of the Royal Guard Squadron, Admiral Regg. The man's ordinary facial features are stuck in a wooden expression and his right hand is perpetually rested on the black electromagnetic saber at his waist, ready to protect His Majesty at the drop of a hat.
Three people walked in with deliberate steps, Ling Yu and Dave immediately got up to face them, and gave a respectful royal ceremony to Trent, "Your Majesty."
Trent slightly smiled and looked at Dave and said: "Dave, time is of the essence, let's do this as quickly as possible."
Dave immediately nodded: "Understood, Your Majesty, please come with me."
The five passed through the factory together and walked up to a secret room. Dave opened the door to the secret room using his authority.
Unlike the manufacturing plants with various kinds of machinery strewn all about outside, the space of this chamber is very wide and empty. The only thing in sight in the center of this space with a length, width, and height of more than 50 cubic meters, standing tall and upright is a gigantic orange mech!
That kind of vivid and beautiful orange is unlike that of the calmness of a pure black and the cool elegance of a dark red. The comfortably warm orange looks as if it was plated with a layer of the sun's brilliant rays. The whole mech appears to be brimming with vitality and energy. Under the illumination of the lighting, it illuminates the whole room, it's incomparably dazzling!
The prototype of the mech is a fox. The seemingly gigantic size has extremely smooth body contours and the connection of each joint is just right. It will certainly be extraordinarily nimble when running! Even rarer is that this fox has nine tails!
Because the mech is a shutdown mode, the nine tails are now loosely hanging behind the mech, and once the tails are entirely in full swing, the concealed offensive weapons inside each tail are enough to blow up the entire city! Two of the tails can also be launched as wings.
This is a flying fox — the Nine-Tailed Fox!
The manufacturing idea behind ​​the Nine-Tailed Fox mech was that it exists only inside the legend. The general form of wolf-type and fox-typed mechs single tail is enough to make mech manufacturing masters study meticulously over and over, let alone putting out nine tails at once.
This kind of mech is too complicated to manufacture. The link between the nerve wires of each tail and the central system is quite the cumbersome process. If there is a slip up anywhere, the performance of the mech will be severely compromised.
Because the difficulty was too high, even Aston in those years gave up manufacturing of this kind of mech. Unexpectedly, the youngest apprentice he received 一 an Omega youth from the Undercurrent Organization, went so far as to study diligently for many years and indeed successfully made such a god-like mech!
Dave started the nine-tailed fox under the direction of Trent.
The intelligent system was activated and the soft white light was immediately lit up in the eyes of the orange mech. At the same time, whirs sounded as the nine tails behind it quickly raised up, the nine big beautiful tails almost obstructed the entirety of the lighting inside the room. The immense shadow cast on the ground made everyone marvel beneath it and even forgot to speak out any praise!
The crowd looked at the mech in much excitement. After a long silence, Trent smiled and said: "This mech was completed faster than I expected."
Aston also narrowed his eyes as he smiled and suddenly took a hard swat at Dave's disheveled head, "Not bad you stinky brat, you didn't let your Master lose any face!"
Dave excitably laughed and said: "Master, the design ideas are still mostly what you think of, this is not just my own contributions!"
Aston was even more in a cheerful mood and rubbed his little apprentice's messy hair into a lump of chicken nests, "You have been in seclusion studying this mech in the underground for many years, such important life turning events have been held up for you. Rest assured, as soon as this matter is completely dealt with, this Master will certainly find the best Alpha to marry you!"
With a bitter face, Dave grabbed his hair, "You don't have to worry about this, ah, I'd prefer to keep the mechs company, I do not want to catch sight of those Alphas. "
To the side, the Captain of the Royal Guard Squadron, Admiral Regg cannot help but wrinkle his brow. This man with dirty clothes and messy hair is actually an Omega? This is simply subverting the human aesthetic! Would anyone dare to marry him?
Ling Yu calmly turned his head around and asked: "Dave, is this mech the double S-Class from the legends?"
Speaking about the mech, Dave's eyes immediately lit up and he nodded as he said: "That's right. This mech's offensive weapons are even stronger than an S-Class, it is very difficult for one person to control. The design principle of my system is two pilots. Their mental strengths are simultaneously harmonized to the mech. One master and one partner. Respectively, the left and right hemispheres of the two men's brains will control the left and right half of the mech's body, which can immediately double the reaction speed of the mech!"
That's right, even if one is excellent on their own, the brain's reaction speed is limited, it is impossible to freely control such a complicated mech. If it is operated by two people, it would then be different. One pilot only needs to control one half of the mech's system, which not only greatly reduces the pilot's burden, but also greatly speeds up the mech's reaction time!
Only, it is not at all easy to find two pilots who are compatible and connected at a deep level with each other.
Dave is excitedly looked at Ling Yu and said: "The initial mental strength of this mech is set at 310 points. I remember that when you matched Suzaku, your mental threshold exceeded more than 350 points. Rosen's mental threshold is also about the same as you. I think, this mech, if you and Rosen can pilot it together, you will certainly be able to bring out......"
"Out of the question." Ling Yu interrupted him very bluntly, "According to your theory, to pilot a double S-Class mech, the two pilots must simultaneously be matched mentally with the mech so that they exchange each other's memories. The two people's left and right hemispheres of their brain separately control part of the system of the mech. The two must have absolute trust in each other."
Ling Yu paused, his jet-black eyes flashed a trace of slight, practically invisible loss, but quickly put on an undisturbed expression, he said with a low voice: "Together with Rosen, it is impossible to achieve this sort of...... absolute trust."
Two people piloting the mech at the same time, the left and right hemispheres of the brain connected to each other, not only must completely lack
XX
, but also have all their memories and feelings be known to each other, but to also absolutely trust each other, even handing your life to the other person, in a moment between life and death they must be able to move without the slightest hesitation, you must unconditionally believe in that person beside you to control the other half of the mech......
(
TN
: Censored for one reason or another~ Be creative.)
For Ling Yu, it really is a bit too difficult to do this.
He has been accustomed to acting independently ever since he was a child and he has solved any difficulties he has faced independently. Even in the most trying hour, the thought has never even crossed his mind have another person cover his back.
Let alone that person who once...... forcibly marked him, Rosen.
Dave looked puzzledly at Ling Yu: "If you don't try, how will you know? How are you so sure that you can't pilot the Nine-Tailed Fox with Rosen? The mental thresholds between the two of you are both very high, ah." As someone who is insensitive and only infatuated with research, Dave's judgment for the criteria of the pilots is only that they have high mental thresholds, problems such as feelings between the two are completely out of his range of consideration.
After a moment of silence, Ling Yu said: "You don't understand, this is not just a question of mental threshold."
Dave was very confused, and somewhat irritatedly grabbed his hair, "What is the problem? This mech fits with your's and Rosen's mental criteria...... Aren't you a fellow comrade-in-arms with Rosen? Before you used to lead your Legions together, why is piloting this mech together out of the question?"
Ling Yu did not reply and instead turned his head to look at Trent, "Your Majesty, are there any suitable candidates in your eyes?"
Trent thought for a moment and said: "There are two people that come to mind, but they are still too young to assume such a big responsibility as of right now...... Give it two years, wait for them to grow up. Once they are older, you can give it a try. I believe they will certainly not disappoint."
Dave was surprised as he said: "There are two people? Can there be someone with a mental threshold higher than Ling Yu?"
Trent turned his head to look at Ling Yu. Ling Yu brought his eyes and made direct eye-contact, after staring blankly for a while, he spoke in a stiff tone: "You mean......"
Trent nodded his head, "That's right, it's that child."
Ling Yu: "......"
He doesn't know whether the light being too dazzling was the cause, but Ling Yu who has always kept a calm complexion seemed to suddenly blanch white.
Dave had a puzzled expression as he said: "Child? What child, ah?"
Mr. Aston was finally at the end of his patience. He suddenly took a hard shot at his stupid apprentice's head and replied: "Higher when compared to Ling Yu and Rosen's mental thresholds, naturally, it's the descendants born after their combination. It is precisely Ling Yu and Rosen's son!"
"......oh!" Dave finally came to a realization.
Ling Yu looked at Trent and softly asked: "Have you seen him?"
Trent said with a smile: "I have. That child is better than I imagined. They took the championship title this year at the National Mech Contest. But he is still so young and his mental strength is also not very stable. When he grows up a little more, I believe he can definitely control the Nine-Tailed Fox."
Ling Yu was silent for a moment and then said: "......you arrange it then."
The crowd went around the underground factory together as it manufactured some secret weapons before leaving.
Time is too tight, Aston and Trent must return to Bayh residence as soon as possible before the conclusion of the birthday party. Fortunately, there are several exits in this underground city, one of which is in the residence of Mr. Aston, and a few are entrances to the Dead City and a palace inside the Imperial Palace.
As everyone went their separate ways, Trent suddenly called out to Ling Yu.
"Ling Yu."
Ling Yu turned his head back, "Is there something else?"
Trent walked up in front of Ling Yu, he whispered using a voice that only the two people could hear as he asked: "Don't you want to see the child?"
Ling Yu was silent for a moment before he whispered: "No need, I have to go back to the base as soon as possible. Zhou Yi told me about Xiao Yuan's situation."
Trent paused. "Then...... What about Rosen?"
Ling Yu's face suddenly became slightly rigid, he feigned an undisturbed voice and said: "Isn't it even less necessary to see him?"
Trent reluctantly said: "Are you still bothered that he forcibly marked you during that time regardless of your wishes? "
Ling Yu said calmly: "That's not it. During that kind of situation, his approach was the best choice. He saved me, I never blamed him." Ling Yu paused, "If Your Majesty has nothing else, I will go first."
As soon as Ling Yu finished speaking, he turned and quickly walked off, he walked very resolutely and determinedly.
However, the fingers at the side of his body suddenly tightened with an extreme force.
He has always been like this since he was a child, never regretting any of the things he decided. He has always been decisively blunt and never
waded in mud and water.
(
TN
: Did a sloppy job.)
But just now, when His Majesty mentioned that child, there was a sudden stab of pain in his heart.
"Dad...... Don't abandon me...... Dad......"
In his mind he suddenly flashed to a tiny four-year-old child pulling down at the bottom corner of his jacket with his soft little hands, staring at him with tears gleaming in his moist eyes and the scene of his tender voice repeatedly calling out Dad.....
Even after so many years, thinking back to that scene, the pain feels like a knife being twisted in his heart.
The pain of the separation of one's flesh and blood was a hundred more painful than he ever imagined, a thousand times even more painful than seeing that man he knew so well pressing down on himself while he was clear-headed in the top-secret cell.
Ling Yu gently closed his eyes and tightly gripped the hollow of his palms and then slowly loosened.
His expression could not be seen clearly in the darkness, but his rather uncommon light lip shade was even paler.
While taking the lift to the ground floor of Locke Castle, the distinctly handsome man had adjusted his mood and as if nothing had ever happened, he softly beckoned the replica of Black Dragon to come out.
In the pitch-black of night, the black mech suddenly rose up and went straight into the skies. Only the occasional glare of the twinkling golden eyes resembled that of a passing shooting star and cut through thousands of miles of the vast sky in a flash.
The author has something to say: Ball's mech that you are all looking forward to, the little fox has come out la!! I think orange is more in line with Ball's lively and optimistic personality~!
Those who like mech cp have another yy target! There is also the Black Dragon replica, why are the mechs so complicated with one another ah, so lousy!
Sorry, everyone for updating late today!!
Because there aren't any drafts written every day, I have to check it several times for typos before posting it, so many times I couldn't post it at 7:30 on time~
Please rest assured everyone, I will update every day! No later than 8:30!!
*
The next chapter continues on with Bubu and Snow + Prince and Lin Yuan mainline.
(
TN
: I'm not certain why she said this but next chapter is another chapter revolving around Ling Yu. The chapter after it will be about Snow and Brian. Perhaps it was a chapter that wasn't added until later on.)
Poor Snow has already been comatose for three chapters!! Those liking Snow I suppose must be cursing me...... qaq 2k novel reading network
(
TN
: Whelp I start school this Wednesday, there's that. I'm going to be trying something regarding my update schedule, but hopefully, I can get something figured out, I already have some ideas, but who knows. I don't think I ever really clearly stated this, but the new translation project I'm taking won't affect or lag behind any updates for this novel. I do it to take a break from this novel because surprisingly, I can't just sit down and mindlessly translate the same novel for days on end. So instead of sitting around and watching TV, I use that time to instead translate a bit of a different novel and get my work ethic back up for this novel. I won't be faster or slower updating this novel with this new project, I'm taking the time I'd normally laze around to translate something else and that's all there is to it. Peace~)
Chapter 053, Mysterious Youth
At the edge of the Cepheus Galaxy, Ling Yu piloted the Black Dragon replica to successfully execute the first space jump.
Looking on as the familiar planet now gradually began fading away, Ling Yu finally took in a deep breath, resisting the bitterness in his eyes, he designated a strange blue planet for the Black Dragon, softly saying, "Black Dragon, go back to the base."
Black Dragon immediately complied with a low voice, "Understood, Master."
Today, returning to Locke Castle, Ling Yu suddenly thought back to a lot of past events.
Such as those pure dreams he had when he was young, for instance, those neverending days of the fires of war on the front line in his youth.
He still remembers when he said that he wanted to take the military academy exam someone once asked him, "Are you afraid of dying on the battlefield?"
At sixteen years old he smiled and said: "Compared with straightforwardly fighting to the death on the battlefield, what's even more frightening is some kind of house arrest...... Torturing someone through that would be like a slow-acting poison right?"
That's right, he hates house arrest even more than death. He hates being under someone's control and he hates losing his freedom.
He lived his life underground from birth, that sort of damp, gloomily cold environment emits a strange smell in the air. For him, it's like a huge and suffocating cage. Only with great difficulty did he grow up and leave that lifeless underground city and saw the fresh and vivid world outside. He didn't expect to once again be locked up in another underground prison after so many years because of the exposure of his Omega identity.
In those three days in the underground prison, Ling Yu had really been thinking all along......
In the end, what did he do wrong?
Is being an Omega on the front line attacking the enemy wrong? But you Alphas and Betas are always being defeated on the battlefield, looking on as their homes' national capitals fall one after another, isn't that so? Is it wrong to have a pair of wings and wish to soar freely in the sky? Wanting to go soaring through the sky is an eagle's primordial instinct. Why do some people insist upon breaking an eagle's wings and trapping them like a canary in a cage?
— This is probably the so-called rule of this world.
Just because he is an Omega, he should not do anything, he only ever needs to be responsible for reproducing and bringing up children.
Even his most trusted Rosen after many years of being classmates and his best friend, when he learned that he was an Omega, he too immediately possessed and marked him in that secret prisoner cell, making him pregnant......
Seeing as Rosen's actions at that time were to save him, he doesn't have any reason to blame Rosen.
He had to admit that when in his moments of complete clarity from his state of unconsciousness, he looked at the familiar features of the man who had his naked self wrapped around his arms in an embrace. A trace of indescribable loss and sorrow suddenly welled up in Ling Yu's heart.
He did not know what this loss was for in the end.
Because he lost his best friend?
Because he finally went back to being an Omega?
Or maybe because...... He can't casually face Rosen anymore and the two can no longer return to the past?
In the past, they could pilot their mechs and attack the enemy side by side. They could command the two legions in tandem to win victories again and again. Making use of the spare moments when they obtained a victory to lay down on a roof and drink a few glasses of liquor, the memory of carelessly chatting about the memories of their youth during school.
The night wind blew past, tousling their hair with the starlight shining resplendently upon their heads. He remembers that Rosen's favorite thing to drink is tequila. That type of liquor tastes extremely strong. It enters like a flame, a flaming heat warming all along his throat all the way down to the bottom of his heart.
They used to be the best brothers and the best comrades-in-arms.
Ling Yu sometimes even thinks that if the person who marked him in the sealed prisoners' cell was not Rosen, would he have had an easier time?
— But of all the people, it was Rosen.
— The friend he most valued and trusted.
Today, Dave brought up: "Weren't you and Rosen once the greatest battle companions? Why is piloting this mech together out of the question?"
At that moment, Ling Yu had even felt a sharp knife cutting open his heart.
......why wouldn't it work?
Because they can't return to the past.
Because he has too many thoughts and memories that he can't let Rosen know of.
He can't let Rosen know that when he was young, as Omega carefully keeping a distance from his Alpha roommates, he was only ever unable to reject Rosen's approach. The older boy with handsome features and deep eyes had previously given him assistance and warmth more times than he could count.
He couldn't let Rosen know that when he went on the battlefield for the first time, he nearly fell into the ambush of the Federation's enemy troops due to his lack of experience. He was alone when he was nearly blown into fly ash as he piloted his mech. At that moment when he almost died, the first thing he thought of was Rosen. Thinking back to their parting, Rosen had said to him that line "take care", although they were two simple words, it nevertheless gave him the greatest courage to keep on living.
He couldn't let Rosen know that when he was promoted to the rank of Major General, those few years when he charged onwards to assault the enemy with the Dark Night Legion, each of the few spare minutes he had of leisure to talk to Rosen was the most relaxed and happy time of his entire day. Every time the Dark Night Legion was victorious, he reported the battlefield situation directly to his immediate superior, Rosen. Hearing Rosen say "good job" with his tone full of praise, filled his heart with joy right away.
— What about Omegas, Omegas can also take their men to win a victorious battle, using their own strength to defend the homeland.
His mother had passed away after she gave birth to him in that dead city. Ling Yu was an orphan as a child. After he became a soldier, he worried that his Omega identity would influence others. He had never made friends with any Alphas, almost all of his friends were Betas.
Only Rosen is special.
Rosen is the only Alpha out of all of his friends.
He and Rosen got to know each other in their youth at the age of 18, so he especially cherished this hard-won pure friendship.
However, after Rosen knew that he was an Omega, everything became different.
His most trusted comrade-in-arms who had once fought side by side countless times, after rescuing him from the prison to let him know that he was pregnant, suddenly looked at him with that kind of gentle and tender gaze as if he was a house pet, saying: "Don't worry, stay here at my side and give birth to the child."
Don't worry, stay here at my side and give birth to the child
Each word is like a clap of thunder ringing in his ears. Ling Yu did not know what he felt at that time, just that heart seemed like it was harshly tightened with a thin metal wire. The kind of contorting pain nearly made him unable to breathe.
......as it turned out, Rosen, you are also no different.
Just like those Alphas, in your hearts, an Omega only needs to be at ease and stay at your side, just having children is enough.
Ling Yu doesn't like that, Ling Yu longs for the free expanse of sky and not closely protected behind the holding cell called "Rosen's Residence".
You have known him for so many years, but just because he is an Omega, you have forgotten what he desires the most?
— It's freedom.
He was shut off in that underground city for a full 16 years. He continuously had a few familiar faces at his side in the Undercurrent Organization. Such a big castle was cold and cheerless, the skeletons of the dead were littered throughout the town. He left behind all of the memories from his childhood and his adolescence in that gloomy and damp City of the Dead.
He didn't want to stay in Rosen's residence for the rest of his life.
Lifelong house arrest is more terrible to him than death.
So Ling Yu chose to leave.
After leaving Cepheus for so long, many memories have become blurry. This time, if not for Dave finally completing the manufacturing of the Nine-Tailed Fox as well as Ling Yu's inhibitor also being nearly used up, he would not have secretly lurked back to the City of the Dead in the capital star.
The military's monitoring of the capital star is very strict. Once he comes back, he must brave great dangers. If by any chance he is discovered, all of his previous efforts would have become wasted.
So he has no other choice but to leave in a hurry, there is not even enough time to see that child.
He remembers how cute that child was in his early years. His clear jet-black eyes were as bright as the prettiest gem. That little guy really loved to laugh. He always grabbed onto his Dad's hand, calling out Dad...... Now, he only sees how his own son's life is from the photos and videos that Zhou Yi passed through. In a blink of an eye, Xiao Yuan is surprisingly already an 18-year-old boy......
Ling Yu walked up to the dashboard and faced the vast cosmos outside the porthole.
In the quiet space without a single person, the man who has always been calm and collected, could at last no longer conceal the sadness welling up in his heart, his pale fingers tightly grip the edge of the dashboard.
Black Dragon felt sorry for him and couldn't help but say : "Master, you......"
Ling Yu waved his hand and motioned for it to stop talking.
He never once regretted his decision.
But at this moment, standing alone in the vast and obscure cosmos...... He suddenly missed those two people very much.
***
At the same time, at Rosen's residence.
Rosen was sitting by the bed and looking at his sleeping son when Black Dragon's golden eyes suddenly flashed.
Rosen seemed to sense something so he turned his head. He opened the mental communication channel with Black Dragon: "What have you detected?"
Black Dragon hesitated all of a sudden, then said: "Master, I have detected abnormal movements from an S-Class mech, it seems to be leaving the Cepheus Galaxy. The other side has the induction system that only the mechs that Mr. Aston manufactured will have, it's not King Lion, it's not White Feather, and it's not Suzaku......"
Rosen slightly wrinkled his brows.
Mr. Aston has only manufactured four S-Class mechs. Apart from Black Dragon, there is Suzaku, White Feather, and King Lion. If it is not these three, then what could it even be? Could there be an additional fifth one?
Rosen blankly stared, suddenly a terrifying thought flashed through his mind......
Was it......
Looking like it guessed the same answer as its master, Black Dragon said in a low voice: "It must be that replica."
Except for Suzaku, all S-Class mechs have a replica left in the Mech Association. Once the main body is damaged, the original replica's intelligence can be taken out to recreate an identical mech. The replica has the exact same mental power and performance as the original. The difference is that the replica is like a newborn baby and has no memory or sentiment to the master, it can completely re-match to once again recognize the master.
Since Black Dragon had its main body's data processed and stored in the Mech Association, then in that case, where did the real replica go?
Ling Yu......
Rosen's face sank, he immediately stood up and said: "Black Dragon, go!"
Black Dragon understand it's master's intentions and decisively carried Rosen straight out, rushing immediately out to the Cepheus Galaxy!
Around the Cepheus Galaxy, the purely white nebulas and the twinkling stars seemed to have not changed a bit and the faint airflow fluctuations around it nevertheless made Black Dragon keenly aware of the anomaly, "Master, there was a large mech just now that executed a space jump here."
Rosen said with a cold face: "Calculate the destination of the jump at once!"
Black Dragon immediately pulled out the universe star atlas centered on the Cepheus Galaxy from its data center and quickly calculated the time and distance, finally locking on five possible target points: "From here, the space jump can only jump to five galaxies."
Cigar Galaxy, Milky Way Galaxy, Ursa Major Galaxy, Lotta Galaxy, Isville Galaxy......
Rosen looked at the star atlus that appeared in front of him and harshly frowned.
There are too many planets to count in these five large galaxies. Where would Ling Yu go? In this boundless universe, isn't it easier said than done to find a single person who is piloting an S-Class mech?
Rosen was silent for a long time, he finally took a deep breath and said in a low voice: "Go back."
Noticing its Master's dispirited mood, Black Dragon couldn't help but say: "Master......"
Rosen lightly waved his hand, "Forget it, his level of piloting mech is not worse than mine. Since he took your replica, both its speed and performance are the same as yours. We were far too late, it's simply impossible to catch up with him...... Besides, I also don't know where he'd go."
Even though this kind of conclusion was analyzed with extreme calmness, however looking on helplessly, watching as the person who he missed the most be so close to himself, Rosen felt a stab of pain in his heart.
After returning to his residence, he went to Lin Yuan's room and watched his soundly asleep son and raised the corners of his mouth into a smile. Rosen couldn't help but gently reach out and touch his son's soft black hair and swore inwardly from the bottom of his heart—
Xiao Yuan, I will definitely bring your dad back!
***
The outer edge of the Isville Galaxy.
On the holographic projection screen, the surrounding scenes of the universe are cast out in real-time. Countless meteors with their long tails in tow rapidly streak by from outside the window. Not too far away is a water-blue planet. In the vast cosmos, it is as beautiful as a brilliantly glimmering blue gem.
Planet Naomi.
This planet has an abundant energy reserve, the stored energy even exceeds the sum of all the planets put together in the Cigar Galaxy.
After going through such a long period of space flight, Ling Yu had long since adjusted his mood, he had an undisturbed expression as he piloted Black Dragon, accurately positioning the coordinates on the planet, and vertically descended in the center of a spacious and void base.
It's already very late at night, the base is just as brightly lit as it was before.
When the gigantic mech reached the ground, it produced a loud "bang" sound. After a while, the young and handsome man calmly came out from the cockpit of the mech, placing the dark blue military cap on with his hand. The silver-medal emblem on the front of his cap is like a male eagle spreading its wings as it soared through the air, this is the symbol of the Lacey Emperor's XX Department.
The row of officers standing in front of him immediately orderly saluted and said: "General!"
Ling Yu gave a slight head nod, "I left for the whole day, did anything happen on the base?"
An officer immediately relayed a report with a clear voice: "Three hours ago, enemy troops launched a sneak attack and was completely annihilated by us!"
One person next to him laughed and said: "Those dumbass sons of bitches didn't know how many secret weapons we have hidden away on our base. They actually ran right to their deaths, they were bombarded by
Laozi
into pissing their pants in terror!!"
(
TN
: Just like an arrogant way to refer to yourself.)
Ling Yu couldn't help but smile."
After staying in the army for a long time, some men just like to use vulgar language and curse profanities all day long with their mouth.
Yet this kind of environment makes him feel especially familiar.
This is his favorite place.
Although it's dangerous and full of excitement, however together with his comrade-in-arms, he feels that every day of his life is especially lively.
After some brief accounts from several officers, Ling Yu soon turned and walked back to his lounge.
The Isville Galaxy is on one of the front lines for the Empire and the Federation's year-round battle. The conditions cannot be as good as those in the capital star. The soldiers all live together in the living quarters. The junior ranking officers above the rank of major have their own separate lounges.
Although Ling Yu is a general, his style has always been frugal. His lounge is a three-room, one living room bungalow. Two bedrooms were separately occupied by two people and the other is used as a public study.
The man who lived with him was sitting on the sofa reading a book when he pushed the door open.
The man looked refined, the clothes he wore on his body is a clean, neat white shirt and the same colored casual pair of pants. In this place where the flames of war raged across the land, this kind of attire looks a bit out of place. The man looked down at the book with a very serious expression. With the faint air of a scholar on his body, it makes him exhibit a kind of unique cultured and refined temperament.
Ling Yu couldn't help but say: "It's almost dawn already, why are you still not asleep?"
The man looked up and his eyes were full of unease, "You went to the capital star, I was awfully worried, I haven't slept at all." Soon after he finished speaking, he placed the e-book in his hands down and walked over to face Ling Yu, and asked in a low voice, "Were you able to get to the City of the Dead without a hitch? Is the Nine-Tailed Fox finished?"
Ling Yu nodded and said: "Dave's level really made me feel amazed. After not seeing him for so many years, I truly didn't expect him to be able to manufacture a double S-Class mech."
The man smiled and said: "When we were young, Dave always said that if one day he leaves that dead city, he must make a mech that makes everyone bow down and worship it, but it must also only be for Omegas to pilot in order to infuriate those Alphas to death."
Recalling those pure dreams of their childhood, Ling Yu also let out a rare smile, "Dave's dream should be achieved very soon "
The man smiled and asked: "Are the pilots of the Nine-Tailed Fox chosen? If I didn't guess wrong...... It must be you with Rosen?"
As Ling Yu faced his profound smiling expression, he couldn't help but feel a trace of embarrassment flash through his eyes, avoiding his gaze, he said: "I am not with Rosen...... His Majesty has other candidates. By the way, I saw a child stealthily intrude into the Central Laboratory in the City of the Dead. "
Ling Yu changed the subject and brought out a sterile bottle filled with a few strands of hair out of his pocket and handed it over to the other man.
"That child looked to be around seventeen or eighteen years old. He ran around all by himself in the underground city with a lot of guts, he. I was worried that he found out about the secret of His Majesty so I temporarily knocked him out with neuro-anesthetic." Ling Yu paused, "Since he knows the way to enter the underground city, he should be some Omega's descendant from the Underground Organization. You can help and look up and examine his genes and check who the parents of that child are."
"The descendant of an Undercurrent Organization member?" The man's expression was a little surprised. He took the hair from Ling Yu's hand and said, "I will check it out right now."
Ling Yu nodded and said: "Let's go together."
The two walked shoulder to shoulder to the medical bay in the base. The man picked up a white overcoat from the door in passing and put on a mask and brought the sterile bottle with the hair into the laboratory. Ling Yu quickly changed clothes too and kept pace with his footsteps.
In the spacious laboratory, various advanced medical instruments reflect a soft luster under the light. The man steeps the hair in a special blue liquid and then puts it into the gene detector.
The gene detector began to rapidly analyze the gene sequence in the hair. Soon, a string of complex data appeared on the screen and the genes in the database were checked and compared in detail.
After a moment, a line of results pops up on the screen.
The target gene and a gene in the database have a match of 99.99%.
That name in the database is actually unbelievably familiar to the two —
Ling Han.
Ling Yu looked at the man beside him in shock, "Brother, he is......?"
In a flash, Ling Han's face was drained of any blood. The original cultivated and refined man seemed to have all of his strength taken away. Dazedly looking at the results on the screen, the complex and painful emotions hidden in the depths of his eyes is heart-wrenching.
After a long time, he asked in a low voice: "That child...... Is he named Snow?"
(
TN
: And yet another plot twist of the century appears lol. I'm making a comment thread right here for those who wish to be spoiled further, I just ask that it stays in this one thread or if you feel the need to start you own put spoiler warnings. If I see one that has a spoiler in plain sight I'm gonna put that delete comment button to good use~ Peace!)
Chapter 054, Snow
When Brian was finished tidying up the mech parts, he went back to the fifth floor and discovered that Caesar was nowhere to be found. He somewhat doubtfully sent a message asking him what was going on. Caesar replied saying: "There was a bit of an urgent matter that I left for." Brian wasn't going to go take care of him, he soon packed up the mech drawing plans and returned to his house.
As soon as he entered the door, a white ball of hair immediately threw itself over to him and pulled down at his trousers, crying and whimpering. Only then did Brian remember that he had been busy all day and he actually forgot to give Lil' Hobby some food. This little guy is probably starving to death.
In any case, the banquet is overly crowded with people. It doesn't matter if you bring in a house pet too. Brian walks up to a corner with Hobby in his embrace, picks his favorite cheese, and sits down to the sofa on the side to feed him.
Just as he began feeding him, the little guy in his arms suddenly shrunk back his head in fear, grabbing his pair of big ears to obstinately shelter his face.
Brian somewhat confusedly poked his ears, "Hey, what are you doing? Encounter a natural predator?"
Hobby trembled while trying to cover up his face.
Just then, a gentle and steady voice suddenly sounded on the top of his head: "Brian, is this a pet you're keeping?"
Brian suddenly looked up with a sudden realization and saw that His Majesty Trent was standing right in front of him, bearing a bit of a smile on his face. Furthermore, coming along with him to his side is his grandfather, Aston. Evidently, the two has just happened to be passing by here.
The white ball of hair in his arms shook even more terribly.
Brian hurriedly stood up and respectfully made his salutations and said: "Your Majesty, this is my classmate's pet, I am temporarily taking him with me to look after for a couple of days."
Trent reached out and lightly stroked Hobby's ears, complimenting with a low voice: "It's pretty cute."
Hobby: "..............."
Only until after His Majesty Trent turned around to leave did Hobby lift up his head trembling with fear, tearfully looking at His Majesty's retreating figure.
His Majesty didn't capture and take him back?
⁠—Didn't he clearly recognize him just now? Could he be going back to go tell the Queen to dispatch other people to catch him?
The more Hobby thought about it the sadder he became and he fearfully pulled back his head in Brian's embrace.
The party that lasted for a whole day was finally over and the guests that came left just as fast. After no more than ten minutes of the production ending, the hall that had just been clamoring with noise immediately became deserted.
Brian arranged several robots to clean the hall, holding Hobby he went back to his room, he poked its ear while he asked: "Hey, Lil' Hobby, what was up with you just now? When you saw His Majesty you were so scared, do you know him?"
Hobby hung his head, very aggrievedly on the screen wrote: "I was originally Queen Anna's pet, the Queen wanted to take me to breed a small litter...... I secretly ran away, after which I was taken in and cared for by my Owner."
Brian froze a moment and then very bluntly laughed out loud.
Hobby looked up and glared at him with his red eyes brimming with tears.
After Brian laughed to his satisfaction he then poked his belly and said, "Give birth to a small litter? That's a pretty good idea! Quickly go give birth, however many you give birth to, give them to my family with Snow to raise. Just give birth to white ones, Snow will definitely like it."
Hobby: "..............."
Hobby aggrievedly turned his head, no longer paying attention to Brian.
After Brian teased him enough, only then did he put away his smiling expression and place Hobby back in the temporarily-built nest and turn around to go to his bedroom.
When he brought up Snow, in the bottom of his heart, there was an intense longing suddenly rising from the bottom of his heart, that intense longing resembled gradually surging tides, rapidly flooding all the way throughout his entire heart.
—It's already been several days without seeing him, I don't know if Snow is doing alright or not?
After coming back to the capital star, Brian was constantly occupied preparing for the upcoming birthday party and only occasionally found the time to get in touch with Snow, but his communicator was always shut off. Brian thought he was experimenting in the laboratory and he did not go bother him for the time being.
His father, Drew, is busy with military affairs and his Dad, Berg, is also not good with these dinner parties. It can be said that for this birthday party, Brian had been concentrated on it from beginning to end. Every element of the setup, every name on the guest's list, and even every single menu had been personally looked over by him. Actually, this had also been General Drew's idea, he wanted his good-for-nothing sole son to learn from experience for a bit.
Fortunately, Brian did not let his father down. He usually laughed and joked with no seriousness, however this time he surprisingly managed it in a very proper manner. His Grandfather's birthday banquet this year is also very respectable, the place was not lacking in any manners, to say the least.
Finally, when the all-day-long birthday banquet was over, Brian immediately felt that the stone that was pressing on his heart drop to the ground, incomparably relaxing and carefree.
Sitting down on his bedside, he took out his communicator and input the number that he practically knew by heart, he wanted to have a nice chat with Snow. The spherical communicator began to spin at high speed and after a while, it sounded an "unable to connect" speech. Brian frowned and entered the number again. The result was still "unable to connect."
Brian couldn't help but wonder a bit, what is Snow doing? Why can't he get through?
When he tried calling him a few days before it was during the daytime. Switching off his communicator in the lab was justifiable. But now it is at 11 o'clock in the evening. His daily life schedule of working and resting is very regular. He should be in the dormitory at this time, right? Could he be taking a shower?
He somewhat anxiously waited for a few minutes, and once again dialed and was still unable to connect. A trace of unease suddenly rose from the bottom of Brian's heart and the thought about the circumstance of him not being able to contact him for the past few days, the uneasiness became even more enlarged like vines rapidly spreading in his heart.
Brian's face slightly sunk and switched to dialing Senior Shirley's number.
A beautiful schoolgirl soon appeared in front of him. She had just been in the living room watching TV. She immediately got up and went to the balcony after receiving the video. Her thick curls appeared extraordinarily charming as they bounced on her shoulders while walking.
Shirley faced Brian, looking at his face which seemed down in the dumps. She smiled and said: "Hey, Brian, ah. What did you call me for?"Brian then asked bluntly: "Where is Snow?"
Shirley was surprised all of a sudden, "Snow? You're not still eating our vinegar, are you? You have been together with Snow for so long. Don't tell me he didn't tell you that he was just playing pretend with me?"
Brian said in a low voice: "Cough, of course, I believe that there is nothing between you and Snow. I just want to ask my Senior Sister, how has your experiment's progress been in the past few days? Are you both staying in the lab all day? How can I keep getting in touch with him?"
Shirley stared blankly, "What progress of the experiment?"
Brian doubtfully asked: "Your graduation project is in the final stages. Isn't he experimenting together with you?"
Shirley also doubtfully said: "I went home to see my parents during my vacation. I haven't been doing experiments together with Snow, ah...... Did you misunderstand something?"
Brian suddenly froze and was silent for a moment, and then said: "It's nothing, Senior Sister, I've bothered you."
After switching off his communicator, Brian sat back on his bed, his heart is both ice-cold and mixed with a violently strong fury!
⁠—Snow actually lied to him!
What wanting to stay behind at school for a few days to do experiments during vacation, what Senior Shirley's graduation project is in the final stage and must stay behind as an assistant, these are total lies!!
The more Brian thinks about it the angrier he is.
The two of them have been together for a month, yet Snow is always mysterious and secretive, never taking the initiative to look for him, and never actively talking to him. Brian is more than happy to warmly stick himself on him and would be exceedingly happy at the smallest response from Snow. He had thought that Snow being frigid and quite emotionally passive was the cause. Now that he thinks about it......
This is not passive, it is simply not taking him seriously!
For Snow, this boyfriend called Brian is a completely dispensable existence. Not to mention seven days apart, even seventy days or seven hundred days apart, Snow wouldn't take the initiative to contact him regardless.
When he thinks of it, it makes him angry while at the same time Brian feels that there is also a bit of unspeakable grievance at the bottom of my heart......
Snow, do you really not like me even a little bit? You didn't tell me where you went nor did you want to get in touch with me at all for these past few days.
But...... I miss you so much......
Dialing his communicator several times in a row, he is still unable to connect. It was finally more than Brian could bear. He stood up and said: "Little Blue!!!"
"......here!", Little Blue who was just in hibernation mode was scared by his master's loud bellow of rage that almost caused its mind to short circuit. He hurriedly came out from the space button trembling with fear and seriously asked: "Ma-Master, what is your order?"
Brian said with a steady and collected face: "Give me the detailed coordinates of Night Snow's position!!"
"......understood!"
Back when Brian made Night Snow, although the first order issued to Night Snow was to always be loyal to it's Master, Snow, however, the appearance of unexpected circumstances couldn't be helped. He installed a location tracking system in Night Snow's body. As long as Night Snow does not actively shield the tracking, Little Blue here can locate its detailed coordinates.
Brian ordered Little Blue to immediately launch the tracking system and it quickly calculated the coordinates of Night Snow within thirty seconds.
Little Blue seriously replied: "Master, Night Snow's current coordinates are Cepheus Galaxy in the capital star, -145."
Brian's face goes slightly ridgid⁠—
He is actually in the capital star? !
Moreover, his current coordinates are even at a negative value? Is this underground??
Could someone have locked him up?!
At a single thought of the possibility that "Snow is in trouble", Brian's heart felt like it was being harshly gripped by someone! He usually places Snow at the bottommost point of his heart, there wasn't even any time left to feel hurt. If Snow is ever hurt anywhere, Brian would absolutely suffer even more pain himself than being stabbed with a knife by someone!
Brian no longer hesitated and immediately left the Bayh residence together with Little Blue.
At the door of his house, he suddenly ran across General Drew who had just seen off His Majesty. Drew saw his son hurriedly rushing out and couldn't help but frown. "Brian, where are you going in the middle of the night?"
Worried that Snow had come into trouble, Brian already quickly becoming panicked and couldn't explain it to his father for a while and only half-heartedly spoke just to get him out of the way: "I made an appointment with Caesar. It's a bit of a pressing matter so I must......"
As Brian stopped speaking he moved to leave but Drew blocked him. With a cold face, he said: "I just saw Caesar. He said that he would be going back to the hotel first and to have me to tell you he'd see you later."
When all is said and done, he was his own flesh and blood son, Brian's half-hearted attitude and obvious lies made Drew deeply frown, "It's the middle of the night and you're hurriedly rushing off, what are you doing? Get back here!"
Brian: "......"
Drew furiously said: "Little Blue!!"
Little Blue: "......"
—If Little Blue was a human being, it would have long since been frightened into having a heart attack. When this pair of father and son yelled, each one was scarier than the other.
The father and son became deadlocked right at the door when a cold and gentle voice suddenly came through from the side, "What is this?"
Brian's eyes lit up as if he had met a savior, he immediately smiled and hid behind Berg saying: "Pa, I have a bit of an urgent matter I must attend to. I have a classmate coming to the capital star. I have to go to the Space Station to pick him up. Father is blocking my path and won't let me go......"
Berg raised his eyebrows and looked over at Drew.
The anger on Drew's face vanished like smoke in thin air and he smiled and walked over to wrap a hand around his wife's shoulder. He softly said: "Cough, what are you doing out so late at night, it's too cold outside, your body also isn't good...... Quickly go back." As soon as he finished speaking he took off his coat and draped it over him.
Berg looked at Brian and asked: "Go and pick up a classmate?"
Brian hurriedly said: "This is his first time coming to the capital star, he's not familiar around here, I will pick him up and see him off to the hotel!"
Berg nodded and calmly said: "Go, but come back early."
Brian probingly looked at his father. Drew gave him a fleeting glare, "Don't return too early, fuck off!"
Brian was more than happy to fuck off and immediately piloted Little Blue away.
Only until that blue mech disappeared from his line of sight did Berg say in a soft voice: "You follow after him."
Drew became surprised all of a sudden and looked back at the man protected in his embrace, and said unconvinced: "Follow after him...... That's not necessary, right?"
Berg said seriously: "Our son's behavior these past few days is a bit strange. He said he wanted to make a healing-type mech out of the blue and he's even been preoccupied all day long. Then, in the middle of the night, he runs out saying he has to pick up a classmate without rhyme or reason. Do you really believe it?"
Drew: "......"
Berg looked at him from the side of his eyes: "Still not willing to go?"
Drew hurriedly smiled and said: "Okay okay, I'll listen to you. Quickly go back inside the house, I will go take a look."
Only then did Berg nod his head and turned around to go back inside the house.
The four-star general of the Hydra Legion, General Drew Bayh, under the command of his wife, went to tail his own son in the middle of the night.
The S-Class mech Viper was summoned and released from the space button by its master and immediately enabled its invisible anti-tracking function. It then soared up high, rising up in the air and quickly caught up with Brian.
***
Brian anxiously flew towards the coordinates as if he was on fire.
He was completely unaware that the mech of his father, Drew, was placing his two eyes on him, monitoring from a high altitude of several kilometers above his head.
Inside Little Blue's cockpit, the silver location point of Night Snow is getting closer and closer and Brian's heart also grows more and more shocked!
—What is this dead city?!
The field of nearly 100 kilometers is desolate and uninhabited, the ground is covered with weeds more than one foot high due to there being no one to care for it, all kinds of trees grow particularly thick and in a jumble too. There are also almost no air suspension traffic lanes here and there are also no decent streets on the ground. The streets are like a primitive jungle that has already been abandoned and uninhabited for a long time.
Nearby there is a very large castle, it seems to have a dead atmosphere, there is not an inkling of bright light from the entire castle...... You can only roughly see the silhouette of the castle through the moonlight and the high wall erected from the outside casts an immense shadow on the ground. Occasionally, there are crows flying overhead in the sky, making this dark lacquered castle seem even the more eerie and frightening.
Brian soon had Little Blue stop at the entrance of the castle, zooming in on the navigation map near the coordinates and the silver target point on the screen began to light up. Clearly, Night Snow is in this castle!
—Why is Snow here? What is he doing running off to this ghastly place?!
Brian wrinkled his brows and piloted Little Blue to the entrance of the sealed-off castle.
The entrance to the castle was completely sealed off and could not be entered at all. Brian ordered in a low voice: "Little Blue, look up and investigate the history of this castle."
Little Blue immediately began to check out the query and after a while, it concluded: "Master, according to the geographical location of this castle, it should be the former Locke Castle."
—Locke Castle? I have never heard of it!
Brian walked up to the dashboard and carefully looked at the information that Little Blue had transferred from its network database.
The pictures on the screen are of Locke Castle, which are more than fifty years old. Although it was not regarded as flourishing, it surprisingly appeared to be bustling with noise and excitement. According to the data, there were nearly 20,000 residents here. More than 50 years ago, a kind of virus called SAV-II spread rapidly in this castle, causing residents in the city to become infected by the virus and die within a short period of time. The originally bustling and lively place became a dreadful hell overnight.
Thanks to Locke Castle being rather far away from other cities, the virus did not spread out in a short period of time. The military feared that the virus would continue to spread so immediately after they heard about it, they sealed off the castle, cut off all communications and network links between the castle and the outside world, and cast down a large number of biological and chemical weapons to exterminate the virus from high up in the air.
Since then, the castle has been uninhabited and became a real "City of the Dead."
After such a long time passed, the castle was encompassed with overgrown weeds, trees that reached the sky, a towering city wall, and human bones piled up outside, revealing a chilly sinister forest in the dead of night.
It was more than fifty years ago, it's no wonder that Brian had never heard the name of this "Locke Castle."
—What is Snow doing here? Did he come on his own or was he snatched by someone?
The more Brian thought about it, the more worried he became, after being silent for a moment, he suddenly ordered: "Little Blue! We're going in to take a look!"
During the time he was at home these past few days, he just happened to modify Little Blue in accordance with his previous train of thought and had put an upper garnet on its body. The large wings are made of blue metal and are ordinarily retracted in its shoulders and will unfold like a wing when the flight system is started!
Little Blue has never flown before, hearing the master's order, it immediately opened its wings with excitement and rose up high in the air, it had just barely flown into the castle when it suddenly saw a large mech across and facing them, obstructing their path!
He only saw that the shape of the mech was like a Hydra, the whole body was dark green, the huge head had a pair of green that faintly flashed with strange cold light, and the myriad of scales erected on its body were like the sharpest knives. As the tail swayed back and forth, the surrounding air was brought up in a terrifying burst of a whirlwind!
—It's Viper! General Drew's personal S-Class mech!
In front of him, General Drew's face appeared full of anger on his communicator, "Go down!"
He violently shouted, not only was Little Blue scared without end and almost crashed, even Brian was frightened into startled into a jump.
His father's S-Class mech Viper actually went so far as to directly interfere with Little Blue's intelligence center by employing electromagnetic waves to forcibly invade the mech's internal communication system! Brian completely did not expect that his own father would keep behind him and follow him!
Drew looked at his son's shocked face in front of him and in a stern voice said: "Is this the place you should be at? Why haven't you fucked off yet?!"
Brian, who was used to being yelled at by his father since he was a child, remained greatly unmoved with General Drew's bellows of rage. He raised his head up and directly met his father's gaze and stubbornly said: "Don't you stop me! I need to go in and save someone, I have a friend who is still inside the castle!"
***
In the underground city of Locke Castle, Snow finally woke up.
Looking up at the harsh incandescent lamp from the top of his head, Snow couldn't tell where he was for a moment.
Night Snow's voice came from inside the space button on his chest: "Master, are you alright?"
"En...... I'm fine..."
Snow had a bit of a headache pressing against his temples. According to his physical condition, the trace of neuro-anesthetic he was given stupefied him. Recalling the scene at the time, except for the man's dark blue military boots and his cold and faint scent, he did not remember anything else.
—Who could that have been?
Snow wondered with some doubts that back then, a portion of the members in the Undercurrent Organizations was hunted down and imprisoned during the large-scale pursuit by the military, while the other portion of them secretly went into hiding. Who would return to this underground city? Would their purpose to come back also be an inhibitor?
He doesn't know how long he has been unconscious. Luckily, he hasn't been injured. It seems that person doesn't have any ill intent against him.
Snow massaged his aching head and neck then stood up and quickly went through some medicines in the large freezer from memory. He called Night Snow out and put them in its storage space and also brought some pharmaceutical equipment in passing. Then he turned and walked to the door.
When he walked to the door, he realized that the door had been locked in......
It seems that person who knocked him out must be a member of the Undercurrent. Locking in the door to prevent others from walking in was actually a kind of act of protection.
An inexplicable trace of warmth emerges in his heart.
The Undercurrent Organization had been destroyed long ago, the Omegas can only survive living in the cracks of society, they will have a very special feeling of affinity for one another.
Snow opened the door and sped walked to the lift. When he walked into the corridor, he constantly felt a little strange. This underground city undoubtedly only has three levels. Why does he always feel that there is something under his feet? Occasionally, he can even hear the sound of machinery revolving?
However, time is of the essence, it is also not good for Snow to stay here any longer. He no longer hesitates to take the lift and leave here as soon as possible.
***
Outside the city, the father and son, Brian and Drew sharply fought.
Drew blocked Brian's path and wouldn't let him enter, but Brian was dead set on breaking into the dead city. The two were stuck in a deadlock when suddenly, they saw a figure up on the side of the castle! They could only see that the person was thinly built and their movements were dexterous. He decisively leaps few times without hesitation and then jumped right onto the highest city wall, quickly going down the length of the wall and slid down, steadily landing on the ground!
The silvery-white moonlight draped over that person's body with a soft layer of light and shadow. The youth who leaped over the side of the castle was as lithe as a soaring skylark. The pale skin complexion is almost transparent under the illumination of the moonlight, and his thin lips tightly pursed together, revealing an aloofness with a touch of arrogance and indifference.
Brian: "........."
If he didn't recognize his figure and body shape at a glance, the silver space button on his chest with Night Snow, Brian would have even mistakenly thought that it was a ghost crossing over this dead city!
After a moment of being shocked, Brian no longer quarreled with his father and decisively landed on the ground, and exited out the cockpit of his mech, rushing to throw himself on Snow and hold him in his arms like a large dog, because of his worry, his voice was slightly trembling, "Yo-You are you okay?"
"........." Snow was suddenly frozen where he stood.
Just as he climbed over from inside the castle, a large pet wasted no time throw itself on him in a head-on collision. Snow was frightened and flinched. After realizing it was Brian, his complexion went to an even fainter white.
—Brian? Why is he here?
Snow still hadn't managed to respond as General Drew also landed and came out of the cockpit. He walked up to face the two, frowning slightly.
Brian perceived his father's approach and immediately turned to defensively keep Snow behind him. He smiled and said: "This is my classmate. I will take him back to the hotel first, ah. I will explain it to you later......"
Brian's intuition told him that this castle had some sort of secret, it was extremely unusual for his father to stop him from entering so resolutely.
He also doesn't know what Snow was doing coming out here. He wore a strange black attire and leather boots, and an enormous hood that completely covered his hair up. Although his manner of dressing has a sort of sexual appeal in it's suppressed sensual passion, but...... Wearing this style of dress coming out from a castle in the dead of night like this, isn't it also way too suspicious?!
Regardless of Snow's purpose for being here, Brian's first thought was to protect Snow first and foremost.
Brian pulled Snow and was about to leave, but he heard Drew sternly shouting: "Halt!"
The two simultaneously stopped in their steps, Snow's back became even stiffer in an instant.
—Was he found out? The man in front of him is wearing a military uniform, is he a military officer? Will he arrest him?
Snow's thoughts were in a whirl, there was even a layer of cold sweat on his palm.
Brian perceived the trembling fingertips of the young man to his side and immediately held his hand in comfort.
Drew's penetrating gaze focused solely on Snow and he sternly asked: "Who are you? What are you doing at Locke Castle?!"
General Drew had a straightforward temperament and was only relatively gentle and soft in front of his wife, Berg. Ordinarily in front of his Legion and his subordinates, and even in front of his own son, Brian, his whole manner was serious and upright. Brian was used to being yelled at by him since he was little to point where it no longer mattered, but Snow, he himself would hate to speak such harsh words to Snow, how could he let him yell at him like that?
Brian was very upset and at last, he couldn't help but say: "Old man! Don't you be so vicious, that behavior is out of the question, alright?! This is your daughter-in-law!!"
Snow: "........."
Drew: "........."
Snow felt that he has never been so embarrassed in his entire life.
The author has something to say: Bubu completely inherited his father's loyal dog personality, in front of his wife, wagging his tail and kissing up to them and what not is my favorite ^_^
(
TN
: Whelp I started school, hate it, what else is new, huh? I'll translate with my free period and lunch and all, but I'll still be a bit slower than I was before. Forget about all of that boring droll stuff though, Brian and Snow are finally starting to get some more action and yet another terrible first meeting of the father lmao. Old Man Drew v.s. Papa Rosen, hate to see them get in a fight lol.)
Chapter 055, The Truth
(Important Notice: Her website is back~ No need for me to post anything now sing praises!!! Also, I am a bit of a fool, Drew's mechs name is apparently not Viper, it was described as a viper. From here-on-out it will be named Razer, sorry bout that ya'll!)
- Don't you be so vicious, that behavior is out of the question, alright?! This is your daughter-in-law!
As soon as Brian said this, Snow was embarrassed without end and wished to bury himself in the ground, Drew also feels that this son has completely lost face and cannot help but firmly glare at Brian.
Brian immediately extended his hands out and tightly clasped around Snow's shoulder, using a defensive posture to hold Snow in a protective embrace.
In fact, these words that Brian said were not spoken from a momentary impulse.
Although he had been unruly from a young age, General Drew always fiercely yelled at him like this, and just now if it were not for Snow suddenly coming out of the castle, Drew would have wanted to forcibly take him away. His father's reactions just now were really way too unusual. It was as if he was trespassing some restricted area that shouldn't be entered. Brian's heart became even more uneasy making a connection between the history of this castle as well as the surrounding shady and eerily chilling atmosphere.
- Father suddenly blocking me from entering this castle so strictly, this castle is absolutely not simple!
If by chance there was really some secret pertaining to this castle, and if it is also a major secret concerning the military, then in that case, Snow just coming straight out from inside the castle like this, even wearing strange clothing from head to toe with his father's straightforward temperament, he might just immediately arrest him and take him away to be interrogated by the military!
Brian naturally would not let Snow be in such a dangerous situation, so just now, he immediately clarified the relationship between the two of them.
Even though Snow has clearly deceived him, that is their own business between the two of them. Brian clearly separated his priorities between important and unimportant. Snow hiding things from him is a bill he would settle privately. However, if others want to touch Snow, then it's absolutely impossible!
He spoke this out to his father, but in fact, it simply meant —
This person in front of you has a deep relationship with your son, if you wish to set about arresting this person, please consider your son's position first!
Sure enough, after Drew heard these words from Brian, although he was very angry, but as an elder, he was also not difficult nor made Snow feel embarrassed again. Looking at his son closely holding that youth in his embrace with his hands on his shoulder, Drew slightly knitted his brows, turning his body around he said, "Okay, bring him back and we'll put this discussion off until later."
Drew had his mech, Razer, drop its cockpit, wanting to take along the two children together.
Brian originally wanted to sneakily take Snow back to the hotel, but his father had already been a step ahead. He also couldn't win an inch and ask for a foot again and thoroughly infuriate General Drew. He had no other option than to comfortingly hold Snow's hand, softly saying: "Come on, let's go to my house."
"......" Snow's body is extremely stiff.
Facing the dark green mech, the pupil of its eyes faintly flashed a cold light, in the dark of night, it was like being attentively stared at by a viper.
It's... Razer?
Snow had once heard of this mech from his father's mouth.
He distinctly clearly remembers the characteristics of the Empire's few S-Class mechs, the most distinct characteristic of Razer is its eyes, that intimidating dark green rays of light makes people tremble from the bottom of their hearts, there are also innumerable scales turned up like daggers on its body. The light calmly stilled right there, giving off a huge sense of oppression that one could be cut into pieces by it at any time.
The man in front of him who possesses Razer is obviously the head of the Hydra Legion —
General Drew Bayh!
Snow completely didn't expect Brian's influence would surprisingly be so great.
The reason why he chose Brian as his boyfriend was simply because Brian's Alpha character is relatively better, he would not discriminate against Omegas and Betas, and he is also obsessed with studying mechs all day long. He is like a careless son of nobility, completely unlike the descendants of the high-ranking military officers. Moreover, Brian likes him very much, and he also...... he also does not dislike Brian.
The two haven't dated for a long time. They have only affirmed two or three kisses. By chance, when Brian's kisses Snow, it also doesn't feel disgusting. He had even thought that he had found an Alpha to promptly mark him at the time an unexpected situation emerges. He didn't expect to attract someone with such a powerful lineage.
General Bayh's only son......
The last thing Snow wishes to see is those Generals of the military......
Looking at the large mech in front and the man head to toe in a military uniform, Snow's hands and feet stiffen and turn ice-cold, before he had time to take the anesthesia needles in the sleeves out, he was swept by General Drew's sharp gaze, his fingers immediately trembled and he turned them back.
No, he can't be impulsive. Under this kind of circumstance, he could not take down this pair of father and son then escape without a trace.
He can only bide his time and change according to the situation. Snow eventually let out a deep sigh, feigned calmly following after Brian, together they entered inside Razer's cockpit.
***
As expected, the speed of an S-Class mech was extremely fast. After three minutes, it flew back to the center of the capital city.
He had the mech change into the shape of a suspension car and proceed to the Bayh residence. When it reached the front door of the villa, only then did Drew walk across with a cold face.
Brian took Snow and followed his father together into the living room. During the whole process, he kept holding Snow's hand tightly. Snow's fingers were ice-cold and the pale appearance of his face made him become extremely distressed, but his father's unsightly complexion also made Brian aware that today's business is undoubtedly rather complicated, so he clung to Snow's hand tightly. He was afraid that as soon as he let go, Snow would be taken away by his father.
After entering the living room, Drew turned and sat on the sofa and said to Snow: "Sit."
Brian immediately pulled Snow to the sofa to sit down. He turned and poured a cup of hot water and placed it into his hand. He moved his hand and kept it gently on his shoulder. He spoke in a soft voice: "First drink a little hot water to keep you from freezing like this."
Snow took the cup of hot water and found out that his hand had long since been cold and lost all feeling.
After drinking a few mouthfuls of hot water, his body finally felt a little warmer. His originally pale face gradually recovered a little pink color and his stiff fingers also became flexible once more. Only then did Snow open his mouth to speak: "......thank you."
Chapter 056, Mark
Snow is not only an Omega but is also a member of the Undercurrent Organization. This information made Brian especially shocked. Although he is not clear about many things in the military, he has still heard of the infamous name of the "Undercurrent Organization". This organization is composed of Omegas. The Omegas in this organization secretly inject inhibitors to identify as a Betas and are mixed into their society inside all social classes.
Back when the military wanted to thoroughly eliminate the Undercurrent Organization and arrested the then organization leader Dr. Sean and some of the Omegas, a portion of the Omegas received the news in advance to escape. This organization soon disappeared without a trace and they have not heard of them for many years.
When Brian was born, the tale about the "Undercurrent" had become a legend.
Completely outside of his expectations, Snow, whom he likes, is actually a member of the Undercurrent......
Brian's mood suddenly became unbelievably complicated.
If he takes Snow away now, then from now on, he would be harboring Snow as an accomplice. In the event that Snow's identity is exposed, he will also be jointly and severally liable. But if he doesn't take Snow away and by chance Snow's identity is found out by someone, Snow will definitely be arrested immediately by the military. The military's attitude toward the Undercurrent has never once been lenient!
Imagining the scene of Snow being handcuffed and thrown into an underground prison by the military, Brian's heart almost became distressed enough to crumble apart.
How could Snow possibly endure such a dreadful environment like an underground prison?
When you carefully think about it, the only thing he did was inject an inhibitor to conceal his identity. He is only 18 years old and was admitted to attend school as a Beta. He did not hurt anyone, he did not trouble anyone, he did not commit murder nor arson. What did he do to offend Heaven and reason,? Just because he is an Omega, he has to spend his whole life in prison? This is really too unfair to him.
— I absolutely cannot hand Snow over to the military to be punished!
Even if you clearly know that with one wrong step will very likely to be relegated to eternal damnation. However, compared to that, Brian would rather take the chance to accompany him together.
It's impossible to impartially hand over the person you like!
He inwardly resolves his determination down to the bottom of his heart, only then did Brian take a deep breath and turned to push and enter the door.
Inside the guest room, Snow was just about ready to go to sleep when he saw Brian suddenly push the door open.
Looking up and meeting Brian's complex gaze, Snow momentarily shifted away from his line of sight with a bit of a guilty conscience.
Brian took a quick look at Snow before rummaging through the wardrobe and pulling out a set of casual clothes and handed them over to him. He whispered: "Go change your clothes, I'm taking you away."
Snow suddenly froze and didn't respond, Brian just directly pulled him up, pushing him into the bathroom, and saying through the door: "Come on quickly tidy up, my dad booked the tickets, we are going back to school immediately."
As soon as Brian finished speaking, he then turned back to his own room, packed up his luggage at the fastest speed and picked up Hobby, who had just been snoring in his nest.
By the time he went back to the guest room, Snow had sure enough already changed his clothes. Brian's clothes were a bit big on Snow's body and his sleeves were a few centimeters too long. At this moment, he was sitting on the bedside and hanging his head. His soft hair fell down and covered his forehead, he wasn't able to clearly discern the expression on his face. He could only look at the pretty contours and angles of his pretty jawline and as well as the pale fingers that were lightly gripping at the bedside.
He was obviously very upset, drooping his head down made his whole body have a guarded appearance, just like a small animal in a defensive state.
— Are you worried that you will be arrested?
— Even though he assumes an air of being undisturbed, he is after all only eighteen years old. His identity being exposed would mean he would be arrested and sent to prison, wouldn't he be scared too?
Brian suddenly feels a burst of distress, he steps forward in two or three steps and gently held Snow's hand.
Snow looked up in surprise.
The boy in front of him tenderly gazed at himself, his face was ordinarily set with a joking smile, his face was now very earnest. His grip slowly and forcefully tightened around his fingers, saying one word at a time: "Don't be afraid Snow, I will take you away."
At that moment, Snow's heart trembled......
In the depths of his heart, there seemed to a kind of mood rising that could be called being "touched", that warm and gentle boy in front of him is like a tide abruptly rising, submerging people inch by inch, even warming his whole heart up.
Snow dazedly meets Brian's gaze and for a long time, he did not know what to say.
Brian no longer spoke superfluous words, he leads him along by his hand and directly turned to walk out the front door.
***
At the Bayh Residence entrance, Berg had long since been waiting there, seeing the two coming out, he subsequently handed a small space button to Snow.
Snow took it in shock, he saw Berg smile and say: "I think you need this, take it with you."
Snow didn't have time to look at it, he immediately afterward put the space button into his pocket.
Berg turned his head to face and Brian and said: "Get a move on now, there is still half an hour, don't be late."
Brian nodded and pulled Snow ahead a few steps, before once again worriedly turned his head around, "Pa, Father over there......"
Berg said faintly: "Reassured, I will handle him well."
Only then did Brian call out Little Blue and got in the mech together with Snow, leaving towards the Space Station as fast as possible.
***
Berg saw the two children off and turned back to his bedroom, Drew still hadn't woken up.
He injected Drew with a small amount of neuro-anesthetic, the effect can only last for half an hour. After half an hour, the spacecraft would have already taken off. Even if Drew had woken up he could not have gone directly on the ship to arrest people, let alone his own son with Snow still by his side. If Drew made any rash moves, he would only implicate his son, Brian.
Berg looked at the man collapsed on the ground and sudden trace of pain emerges in his heart.
When he married Drew back then, he had already been a member of the Undercurrent Organization through the introduction of Ling Yu. At that time, Drew was coming into his twenties and was still an insignificant colonel in the military.
Chapter 057, Invitation
After being marked by Brian, Snow was finally able to lay his heart to rest.
The effect of this temporary mark can be maintained for three months. Administering the mark before the Omega's official estrus can act as appeasement as well as temporarily delay the arrival of their estrus. Snow has already taken a lot of raw materials for the manufacture of inhibitors from the underground city and it would have been enough for him to make new inhibitors for three months.
The spacecraft was presently about to execute a space jump and so Brian turned back to his seat.
Snow looked up and saw that Hobby was lying on his stomach on the opposite bed, his jet-black eyes were curiously staring right at him.
Just a moment ago when they carried out the marking, both of them were a bit nervous to the extent that they ignored the existence of Hobby. Hobby had been slumbering and yawning shrunk back over there and when he was awakened, he stared at the bed on the other side and his vitality had immediately refreshed a hundredfold. He was happy to lay down on his stomach and peek from the side.
Snow glanced at it coldly, and Hobby immediately obstructed his face with his ears, pretending to see nothing.
Brian held back a smile and said: "Ignore it."
He said this as he picked Hobby up and held him in his arms. He looked up at Snow and said, "There will be a space jump soon. Sit down properly."
Snow nodded and sat down in the safety seat next to him.
During the execution of the space jump, the spacecraft will violently shake due to the influence of the surrounding airflow. That vibration is even more terrible than an earthquake. A first-timer taking a spacecraft will experience symptoms such as dizziness and nausea and all sorts of other symptoms. There are oxygen masks and body-restraint implementations in the safety seats on the spacecraft, and there are also some emergency medicines in the cabin.
After a brief jump, the spacecraft reached the Cepheus Galaxy near the vicinity of the Milky Way Galaxy.
Hobby already became confused and disoriented with his eyes seeing stars and Snow's face was also somewhat unnaturally pale. Brian immediately stepped forward and took his hand and asked, "What happened? Are you all right?"
Snow: "...... "
Brian has been very fond of Snow from the start. After the mark, their pheromones would now mutually influence one another. The strong possessiveness and the desire to protect permeated through the deepest layer of an Alpha's heart swelled up all the more. Brian was itching to hold Snow in his arms then never let go. Seeing that he was feeling ill, Brian was so extremely distressed that he immediately rushed forward to dote on him.
Snow gave him a quick look and took his hand back and faintly said: "It's nothing, go back to your seat."
"......oh." Brian sat back in his original position, but nevertheless still worriedly looked at Snow.
Snow felt his back go numb under his concerned gaze and hurriedly moved away from his line of sight. He went to bed and laid down and turned his back to him saying: "Let's sleep."
"......oh." Brian laid on the bed feeling embarrassed. His gaze, however, was still locked on Snow's back.
Snow's body is slender and well-proportioned. Looking at him laying down sideways on the bed like this with his slender waist and long legs make Brian's heart very itchy, he wishes to throw his arms tightly around his waist and hold him in his arms.
However,
hasty men don't get to eat hot tofu
, Brian also didn't want to cause a bad reaction from Snow, so he was forced to obediently lie down on the bed.
(
TN
: I've heard tofu being used with a sexual connotation, but other than that it is exactly what it sounds like. 'Good things come to those who wait' kind of deal.)
Snow lied down on the bed without an ounce of sleepiness. That being, he was bored and took out the space button that Berg had just given him and wanted to take a look at what was inside in the end.
When he opened it, Snow immediately froze in place.
⁠—He saw that inside the small space button contained a pure white bottle with its cap covered with several elegant patterns resembling blue sea waves. In addition, inside the bottle were medicinal tablets without any identifying markings.
The decorative design of blue sea waves engraved on the bottle cap, this is ⁠—
This is the Undercurrent's insignia!
This bottle originates from the Undercurrent Organization which is obviously packed with Omega pheromone inhibitors!
Brian's Dad is actually related to the Undercurrent?
No wonder he recognized his identity so fast and also immediately booked the ship tickets and had Brian take him away. Clearly, he was afraid that he would be put in a dangerous situation after the information leaked and be arrested by the military. He even very considerately gave a bottle of inhibitors to him before their departure......
Snow's mood was suddenly a bit complicated.
If he had known earlier that the space button given by his Senior from the Undercurrent contained an inhibitor, he wouldn't have needed to take the initiative to let Brian mark him.
He was worried that the time needed to manufacture the inhibitor wasn't going to be enough. Moving his neck up to Brian and letting him firmly take a bite just now was such a bold move. Only after the bite was over was it discovered that a readily available inhibitor was actually in his own hands......
Snow immediately thought he was a bit stupid.
He couldn't help but reach out and touch the mark on the nape of his neck. Just barely running his fingertips across that sensitive place made his back burst into numbness. Snow hastily shrank his hand back and took a quick glance at Brian in a complicated mood.
Brian received Snow's cold gaze and froze. He said with deep concern: "What's wrong, are you not feeling well?"
Snow continued to turn his back to Brian and closed his eyes while saying: "It's nothing, let's sleep."
Brian looked puzzledly at Snow's back.
Suddenly turning around to look back and then saying it's nothing...... Is he embarrassed?
Brian couldn't help but think that after an Omega was marked, it was normal for them to feel bashful when faced with their Alpha. After all, Snow's has a very prideful personality, and he took the initiative to get closer to let him mark him. His heart must still be touchy.
But it doesn't matter. In the future, the two of them will have many more intimate actions, such as thoroughly possessing and marking...... Like fully knotting inside of him and so forth...... There will be many opportunities, he won't be so touchy then, right?
Brian was lying on the bed, cheerfully fantasizing of a beautiful future.
***
It was an extremely eventful evening today, that night felt like it was especially long.
Chapter 058, White Roses
One of the Empire's six major legions, the Rose Legion, is a force belonging to the Shaman family. The insignia on their warships is a blooming white rose. The uniforms of the entire legion are also uniformly pure white. A rose looks as if it is beautiful, but is actually brimming with danger. This is the meaning the ancestors of the Shaman family put forth when they named the legion after it.
Lin Yuan had previously reviewed the glorious histories of each major legion of the Empire before he applied to the military academy. As a military school student, he certainly knew the well-known name of General Udir Shaman.
— One of the military powers, a general with four gold stars on his shoulder, and the current head of the Rose Legion.
It is said that he is an elegant as well as a gallant man, he has handsome looks and he has long blond hair with sky-blue azure eyes.
Although Udir is a high-ranking officer, his behavior is extremely sentimental. In regards to his studies in various plants and flowers, it is comparable to that of an expert botanist. On top of that, he hasn't yet taken a wife after so many years. He was voted in at first place for the Empire's Prime Bachelor by some gossip forums......
What makes many people confused is that the Omega Association has already repeatedly sent General Udir a variety of characters of Omegas from pure blood in recent years. All of them without exception have been rejected by him under the lines of "dislike". There are even rumors that he a very unconventional "
Celibatarian
".
(
TN
: Direct definition would be something like "One who follows single/unmarried ideology " Celibatarians is just as it sounds, one who is celibate and is against having sex and getting married. I don't think it is a common term so abusing my power to throw a TN in here!)
Lin Yuan only knows this much about General Udir.
This generalissimo suddenly sent someone to come looking for him. While Lin Yuan was shocked he was also somewhat flattered at the same time.
The man in front of him was evidently an officer of the Rose Legion, dressed in a pure white military uniform from head to toe with an elegant rose insignia on his cuff, and two silver five-pointed stars on his shoulders representing his rank of lieutenant colonel. At this moment, the strange officer was looking at himself with a serious expression.
Lin Yuan was stunned and immediately and respectfully said: "Sir, please allow me to change my clothes."
The man nodded and said: "I will wait for you at the door."
No matter what the reason is since General Udir has a matter concerning him to call upon him, as a soldier, he must obey the commands of his superiors.
Although Lin Yuan's heart was a little uneasy, he nevertheless turned and walked into the room. He changed into his neat and clean blue military uniform and straightened out his appearance in the mirror.
When he came out of the bathroom, he found that Caesar was surprisingly also rapidly changing his clothes. Lin Yuan puzzledly said: "Caesar?"
Caesar looked at Lin Yuan with a firm gaze and said: "I will accompany you."
Last time he attended the birthday banquet of Old Mr. Aston, Lin Yuan disappeared for more than ten hours before he was discovered and he was ruthlessly criticized by the Marshal. If he lets Lin Yuan go to meet with General Udir alone this time and the Marshal became aware of it, he might just immediately rip his skin off.
Moreover, Caesar also does not trust Lin Yuan to meet with Udir by himself.
If by any chance that strange man discovered that Lin Yuan is an Omega, something may happen.
Caesar walked with deliberate steps and went behind Lin Yuan and carefully examined the mark on the back of his neck.
Lin Yuan had just pasted a transparent bio-gel on that place, covering the whole imprint. But when all was said and done he pasted it by blindly feeling about, the adhesive was slightly askew. Caesar gently flattened the transparent adhesive with his fingers.
The warm fingertips slid across his neck, Lin Yuan immediately shrank back his neck, saying: "Don't touch there, it's ticklish......"
In reality, it was not ticklish. That moment when Caesar touched the indented mark, his whole body felt like it had electricity running through it. His back arches up in a strange shudder and his body gets feverish. Lin Yuan couldn't help but think — Omegas are truly inconvenient, as soon as the mark on their neck is touched, their whole body goes soft. Because of this mark, he can never become a Beta.
However, he also could not blame Caesar for this reason. After all, the situation was dire and Caesar marked him for lack of a better option.
— Caesar is still very loyal.
Caesar was entirely unaware that he had been promoted from "a pretty good roommate" to "a loyal good bro" in Lin Yuan's heart.
He helped Lin Yuan adjust the position of the adhesive plaster, the bio-gel quickly changed into the same color as the surrounding skin. Only until all traces were thoroughly obscured did Caesar take back his hand and said in a low voice: "General Udir only ordered you to go alone, if I follow right after you it will cause him to be suspicious. I will wait for you nearby in a bit." Caesar gave Lin Yuan a micro-communicator, "This is connected to White Feather's intelligence center. If something happens, immediately press it I will come in with White Feather to help you."
White Feather said excitedly: "Lin Yuan, quickly take it! I will be just outside with Master ready at all times and eager at any moment to save the both of you!"
Lin Yuan quizzically said: " ......both of us?"
White Feather said: "You and Predecessor Suzaku ah!"
Suzaku pretended to not hear anything.
Lin Yuan couldn't help but laugh and touch the dark red space button on the chest.
He felt that Caesar was excessively worrying a bit. That General Udir had honorably without using any devious means sent someone to find him, there shouldn't be any bad intentions, right? He is a student of a military academy and he has also never offended him. Is there really any problem if there's something he needs to ask?
However, Caesar and White Feather's concern still made Lin Yuan's heart feel warm. He took the communicator from his hand and carefully put it in his pocket. Lin Yuan looked up at Caesar and said earnestly: "Rest assured, I will be careful."
Caesar nodded his head and looked at Lin Yuan with a tender gaze, "Go, I will secretly follow you guys with White Feather later on. "
***
The officer waited at the hotel entrance. Seeing Lin Yuan coming out, he made an inviting gesture.
Lin Yuan smiled politely at him and followed after him on the vehicle.
What puzzled Lin Yuan was that there was no military coat of arms on the vehicle sent to pick up. Instead, it was a very new private car. The car also did not go to the military district's headquarters, but rather in the other direction to another city relatively farther away from the central city.
......where is this heading to?
As the vehicle got farther and farther away from the city, Lin Yuan's doubts were also growing larger and larger.
Chapter 059, Remembering Pieces of Memories
Lin Yuan returned to the hotel, Caesar and White Feather immediately followed back to the room on his heels, seeing Lin Yuan's expression isn't strange, only then Caesar let go of his worries. He walked up to him and asked in a low voice, "There's no issue then?"
Lin Yuan said with a smile, "It's alright, the General asked me some questions and then let me come back right away."
Caesar doubtfully asked, "What questions?"
Lin Yuan scratched his head and said with a bewildered face: "I didn't understand it too much."
He looked at the time, it was exactly 10 o'clock in the evening. His father definitely wouldn't be asleep yet. Lin Yuan used Suzaku's communicator to connect to Black Dragon.
Less than three seconds after the command was issued, Black Dragon passed the application right away. This password with the highest authority was very convenient and fast. The face of Marshal Rosen very quickly appeared in the holographic screen in front of him.
Rosen saw his son, his gaze immediately became gentle, "What's wrong Xiao Yuan?"
Lin Yuan said: "Today, General Udir suddenly ordered me to go to his private villa."
Rosen frowned slightly, "Udir? Why did he call upon you?"
"He wanted me to join his Rose Legion after graduation." Lin Yuan paused and looked at Rosen with some uneasiness. "I told him that you also sought me and I already promised you to go to the Glory Legion...... Would this cause trouble for you?"
Rosen smiled and said: "You did the right thing, let me deal with this matter. If he asks, I will tell him clearly." Rosen paused with some doubts, "Only...... with Udir's temperament, he shouldn't personally come and ask a student to join his legion. He called on you to go to his private villa, was there any other important matter?"
Father really understands Udir very well, even this can be inferred.
Lin Yuan immediately nodded and said: "That's right, he also showed me a necklace. The blue crystal pendant was engraved with a person's name on the inside. He asked me if I have ever heard of that person."
Rosen knitted his brows faintly: "Name? What was the name?"
Lin Yuan said: "The name was Ling Feng."
Rosen went silent— Ling Feng? This name is inexplicably a bit familiar, could it have some relation to Ling Yu?
Lin Yuan continued: "I think this person's name may be related to Dad, so I wanted to ask if you have heard of it?"
This father and son's minds really have telepathic powers. Rosen has not heard of this name before, but just like his son's intuition, he also thinks that Ling Feng must have a great connection with Ling Yu. This kind of ancient family name is hard to come across nowadays and the probability of it being a coincidence is too low.
Rosen said: "I haven't heard of it." Pausing, "But you can rest assured that I will fully check this matter out. As for Udir, if he ever looks for you again, you will say that you just so happened to have made an appointment with me. Try to reduce contact with him as much as possible, so as not to stir up any unnecessary trouble."
Lin Yuan nodded: "En, I got it."
Rosen then smiled, "Alright, go to bed early."
Lin Yuan smiled and said: "Goodnight Father."
Rosen's gaze inadvertently swept a quick glance to Caesar who was next to him. Caesar, who had been continuously acting as Townsperson B, immediately came forward in a respectful and venerable manner: "Goodnight Marshal."
Only then did Rosen nod with satisfaction and switch off the communicator.
Lin Yuan, was suddenly frightened into a jump when Caesar had abruptly walked over, he turned and looked back at Caesar, "You have been listening here this whole time, ah?"
Caesar nonchalantly said: "En."
Lin Yuan didn't mind Caesar listening to the side. After all, Caesar already knows everything about his origin and background. In the future while in school, Caesar will give hi lots of help to conceal it. It wouldn't matter for Caesar to also hear about this thing.
Lin Yuan asked curiously: "Caesar, about General Udir, do you know what kind of person he is?"
Caesar thought about it and leaned closer into Lin Yuan's ear and said: "I have only heard of some rumors that before Udir took over as the head of the legion, he had a major dispute with the Shaman family. He left the capital star alone. After returning, his character became elusive. As for what happened during that short period, it was estimated that only the most distinguished members inside the Shaman family know."
Lin Yuan grew even more confused from the bottom of his heart
Did Udir have a conflict with the Shaman family? Even leaving the capital star? Could it have had something to do with that Ling Feng?
After his was done taking his bath in the evening, Lin Yuan took along his strong curiosity with him lying in bed. When he thought about it, he still couldn't figure any main clues. Instead, the more he thought about it, the more his tiredness ceased to exist.
At this moment, the space button on the chest suddenly lit up, and the voice of Suzaku rung at the same time: "Master......"
Lin Yuan stared blankly for a second and immediately excitedly said: "That's right, Suzaku! I almost forgot that you have accompanied Dad for so many years, if that person is really related to Dad, you should know it, right? Have you heard of the name Ling Feng?"
Suzaku whispered: "That's right, Master, I have heard of it."
Lin Yuan's pair of eyes shone brightly and he hurriedly asked: "What kind of relationship does he have with Dad after all, ah?"
Suzaku said: "This matter is extremely important. The General has already ordered me not to tell anyone. But...... you are his own son, telling you about it should be okay....." Suzaku hesitated, then resolved its heart: "I'm only telling you and you alone, don't spill it out, don't mention it in front of anyone...... You mustn't speak of it including the Marshal, okay?"
Lin Yuan nodded immediately. " Don't worry, since Dad wants to keep it a secret, I won't tell anyone!"
Only then did Suzaku speak with confidence: "Ling Feng, he is actually the elder twin brother of General Ling Yu."
"......!!" Lin Yuan opened his eyes wide in shock, "Dad's...... Older twin brother?!"
Suzaku lightly said: "That's correct. I have never met that person. I only know that he was admitted to a medical school under a fake name in order to conceal his identity. Later he became a well-known doctor at the Imperial Central Hospital. General Ling Yu's inhibitor was given by him."
—No wonder so many people have not heard of the name Ling Feng, it turned out that he had been originally using an alias!
After all, the surname "Ling" is too rare. The name of Ling Feng is too similar to that of Ling Yu and it would be easy to attract peoples suspicion. Plus, both of them are Omega. To hide their identity, him continuously using an alias is in line with reason.
Chapter 060, Celebration
Cosmic Calendar March 9, 799, the people of the Lacey Empire finally welcome the major holiday of the 600th Anniversary Celebration.
Starting from 8:00 in the morning, the grand celebration ceremony was simultaneously broadcasted on Internet platforms and TV channels of all human-inhabited planets within the entire imperial regime.
The process of the celebration was very complicated. The royal family's memorial ceremonies take place in the early morning, the military parade in the morning, and the celebration of the people is in the afternoon. One thing after another, the atmosphere of the entire capital star was unusually lively whether it was the original residents of the capital star or tourists rushing over from other galaxies to visit the ceremony, the people's faces are full of excited smiles.
At eight o'clock in the morning, the royal family's memorial ceremony begins on time.
His Majesty's Trent's Royal Guards unhurriedly passed through the suspension car traffic lane. Today he wore the gorgeous and complex royal ceremony robe, mostly based with black and additional platinum-gold colored inlay on the trim. The tailored ceremonial robes comparatively made the tall man all the more imposing.
The process of the memorial ceremony was very long and tedious, His Majesty, Trent's face from beginning to end was nevertheless undisturbed. Step by step according to the etiquette, the music composition played by the Royal Band resounded through the clouds. When the memorial ceremony was about the end, a total of six hundred gun salutes fired off into the sky at the same time. The sharp blasting sounds fall incessantly on the ear and the dark blue sky that had looked as if it were washed clear suddenly exploded into a ball after ball of floral patterns of differing colors. The whole sky seemed to be covered by fresh flowers in a split-second!
The carousing crowd suddenly burst into an enthusiastic round of applause!
His Majesty's called out King Lion, and the dazzling platinum-gold wings unfolded from its male lion form. Under the escort of the Royal Guard, they flew directly to the large-scale viewing platform set up beforehand in the sky.
This was soon followed by the military parade and six top-notch S-Class mechs of varying colors orderly flew over from a small distance away!
The enormous purely black dragon rose up in the air, its golden eyes flashing, wherever it went spurring on a fit of ice-cold whirlwinds. Its master was the undefeated God of the Empire, the head of the Glory Legion— Marshal Rosen Bessemer.
The dark green Razer, the scales covering its whole body looked just like daggers, its green eyes coldly stared right into people, frightening people off their feet. In the cockpit is the head of the Hydra Legion— General Drew Bayh.
Silvery-white Silver Snow, like a bird made completely out of ice and frost, has the same free and easy movements as its master as it dances in the breeze. It represents for the head of the Rose Legion— General Udir Sharman.
The orange-yellow colored Shooting Star, like one of the brightest stars in the sky, crosses over like a spray of dazzling starlight. It was the head of the Star Legion— General Byron Warwick's personal mech.
The purple Comet, the fuselage made a beautiful wave shape. When it flew across the sky, it was like a beautiful purple cloud floating overhead. This is the head of the Thunder Legion—Belonging to General Auguste Orlando.
The cyan Phantom is like a shadow lurking in the dark. The mech has the strongest invisible function, it appears and disappears intermittently in front of everyone. In almost a blink of an eye, it comes to the viewing platform. The one piloting it— Admiral Ivan Stork, the head of the Phantom Legion.
King Lion, Black Dragon, Razer, Silver Snow, Flying Star, Comet, Phantom, these seven S-Class mechs are dispatched all at once, making the cheers on the scene deafening. The celebration is only held once every century, the heads of the six legions and His Majesty will pilot their mechs all at the same time. This grand occasion has been rarely seen for the past hundred years, and it is no wonder that so many people from distant galaxies had spent a lot of money to come to the capital and see the ceremony.
Lin Yuan and the others who won the championship of the Mech Contest got the tickets for the viewing area free of charge, it was also the best seating location.
Standing with his classmates in the people's viewing area, Lin Yuan looked on without blinking as one S-Class mech after another flew in front of his eyes, only until after the six mechs completely passed through did Lin Yuan finally reach a conclusion: "Black Dragon is still the coolest."
Amongst the mechs of various colors, the enormous black dragon indeed attracts the eye. When it flies in the air it has an inordinately grandeur manner, plus his own father is sitting inside, Lin Yuan naturally thinks Black Dragon is the coolest.
Caesar saw the excitement on his face and couldn't help but give a slight smile, gently throwing an arm onto his shoulder, he moved in closer towards his ear and whispered: "Indeed, the Marshal's mech is certainly the coolest." Even if his Father's mech is also pretty good, nevertheless in front of Lin Yuan, Caesar still decided to praise the Marshal more.
Sure enough, Lin Yuan was super pleased with these words and turned back to Caesar to show a smiling expression of "you are truly sensible".
At this moment, the space button on Caesar's wrist has begun shaking nonstop in dissatisfaction.
At the same time, the sound of White Feather's excited voice rung in his head: "Master, Master, I know that you only said that Black Dragon is the coolest just to please Lin Xiao Yuan. But really, in your heart, your very own mech, White Feather, is the coolest, right? If I enter the scene, I can definitely
seckill
all of the mechs, right?"
(
TN
: Chinese gaming term, usually referring to one who can kill their opponents in seconds!)
Caesar: "......"
If you enter the scene, you will definitely be seckilled by all of the mechs combined— too much talk!
***
At the same time, within the St. Romia Military Academy dormitory.
Brian and Snow are sitting on the couch watching the live broadcast of the celebration.
The mechs flew over the viewing area one after another, the host also introduced the glorious histories of each mech and its master in high spirits. Brian watched the TV while also deshelling peanuts for Snow. After taking the shell off, he put it on a plate for Snow to be able to directly take it and eat it.
Brian completely inherited his father's "man who loves his wife" style, his own Omega must be looked after very well. It's just a trivial matter to deshell for him. In the future together...... Snow won't have any need to do little things like bathing and such, Brian is happy to wash him personally.
Snow really likes to eat peanuts. Brian puts the shells onto the plate and then he takes it to directly to eat it.
Although the two did not speak, the atmosphere is actually extraordinarily warm.
At this moment, two S-Class mechs suddenly appeared on the TV, the scenes of the mechs were simultaneously played through a split-screen program. One of which was naturally incomparably familiar to Brian's eyes, it was his father's dark green Razer.
Chapter 061, Chance Encounter
March 11th came around and the St. Romia Military Academy, at last, began to officially hold classes.
The news that Lin Yuan, Caesar, and others represented the school to participate in the National Competition and won the championship rapidly spread throughout the school. The student union made a customized web page on the campus network for the competition highlights. The intricately designed Wall of Fame published all of the contestant's profiles with a video of each match that can be directly clicked to view.
As one of the very few"Betas" in the competition team, Lin Yuan suddenly became a celebrity throughout the whole school.
As early as when he won the runner-up in the school-wide competition, Lin Yuan was a little Beta monster with his name already being spread widely across the school. Now that they had watched his excellent performance in the National Competition. The Betas in school admired him even more to the point of worship.
Even though Lin Yuan does not have a tall and straight build or a strong aura like an Alpha, he is still pretty good-looking and always wears a smile on his face. It is easy for this handsome little guy with optimism like sunshine to win over the Beta schoolgirls. Early morning on campus, from time to time, some unfamiliar Beta girls took the initiative to say hello to Lin Yuan. Lin Yuan is a guy with an amiable personality too. When another party takes the initiative to speak to him, he will reply back with a smile.
Along the way, the senior sisters who coincidentally ran into them were honestly way too many.
Caesar is very upset about this, he follows Lin Yuan closely sticking behind his back. He wished he could slap a big label on Lin Yuan's forehead, "this person already has an owner" or "this is Caesar's Omega" so as to avoid those people indulging in any fantasies of Lin Yuan.
Thanks to Caesar's sharp gaze, the number of people who came to hit on Lin Yuan was significantly reduced. Lin Yuan was completely oblivious of this and was still excitedly chatting with Caesar while walking to the classroom.As soon as he entered the classroom, Baker immediately walked over with a smile and said: "The squad leader is really good! I watched the live broadcast of the competition, you are indeed too cool!"
It's been quite a while since he's seen this red-head, thick-hearted Baker. Lin Yuan feels even more close and dear, he can't help but smile and clap his shoulder. asking: "Where have you been for this ten-day vacation, ah?"
Baker scratched his head and said: "I traveled together with my parents."
Lin Yuan smiled and said: "No wonder, your arms even have tan lines."
Baker touched his chocolate-colored arm and laughed as he said: "Hey, I went to see the ocean, I was basking in the sun on the beach!"
Karl saw Lin Yuan, he then came over and said in a low voice: "Lin Yuan, go to the dormitories this afternoon after school. Your sister sent an express delivery from the StarCraft. You were not at school. Uncle Fornt asked me to sign it for you first."
Lin Yuan recalled his sister wanted to send him pastries as well as inhibitors, he hurriedly nodded and smiled saying: "Okay I got it, thank you."
As soon as Lin Yuan ran across a classmate he soon overlooked Caesar falling behind him, this is truly a bad habit.
Caesar looked at Karl and by chance came into contact with Karl's meaningful gaze.
— Don't tell me he also knows the matter of Lin Yuan being an Omega? Did his uncle, Dr.Font, tell him?
This kind of conjecture made Caesar frown in displeasure.
Karl's gentle gaze on Lin Yuan made Caesar's heart particularly disgruntled. Alphas have a very strong desire to monopolize their own Omega, they instinctively reject the approach of other Alphas. Unfortunately, Lin Yuan is a guy who is slow to the uptake. He doesn't have the slightness consciousness that he is an Omega, he's even talking and laughing with Karl......
Karl even claps his shoulder like a good bro and shakes his hand......
Caesar was eventually unable to bear it, he reaches out and tightly wraps an arm around Lin Yuan's shoulder. He took him to the inner corner of the classroom while he said in a low whisper, "Quickly go find your seat, class is starting soon."
"......oh!" Lin Yuan did not notice the abnormality. He smiled at Karl and then walked right after Caesar to the corner of the classroom.
The rules of the military academy are very strict. The seats in the classroom are all placed according to their ticket number. Lin Yuan and Caesar's student ID numbers are close together, it just so happens that they could be seated together.
At every single moment, Caesar was incomparably glad that at that time, he exploited his identity as a prince to make the headmaster swap his dorm room. Lin Yuan was not originally No. 49, but rather No. 47. He would have been in a dormitory with Karl. After the principal changed the dormitory, Lin Yuan's student number was also conveniently changed. This predestined encounter is really wonderful. Caesar didn't expect that by casually swapping like this, he unexpectedly also swapped his Omega to his side.
Turning his head back to take a quick look at Lin Yuan, Caesar's gaze could not help but become even gentler. Seeing that he couldn't adjust the screen, Caesar took the initiative to help him carefully adjust it, Lin Yuan turned and gave him a smile, saying: "Thank you, ah."
Caesar could not help but say: "You don't need to be so formal with me."
Lin Yuan gave an "Oh" and didn't mind the deep meaning behind Caesar's words. He looked down and pulled up the class timetable on the screen and looked over it attentively.
The academic program for the Command Department is very tightly organized and almost every day, there is one class after another going from morning to night.
There are many things to learn in the first year, including Military Foundations Theory, Modern Military History of the Empire, Warship Operation Theory with Real-life Combat Practice, as well as Cosmic Mechanics, Natural Sciences, and so on. Their schedules are very full. Every day from 8 am to half-past five in the afternoon, there is only one hour to eat and rest at noon.
Soon after, the class finally begins. The first class is Military History. Unlike the entrance examination when only the basic history of the Empire is tested, as a military school student, they still must master the detailed history of the Strand Federation, they must know themselves and know their enemies.
The teacher who attended the history class wore a solemn expression, and the classroom as a result was also deathly silent.
Lin Yuan was earnestly listening while he also took notes. Because his expression was too focused, he attracted the attention of the teacher at the podium. When the teacher began to call out names, the first chosen was No. 48 sat in the corner.
"Lin Yuan."
Lin Yuan stood up, "Here."
"What year did the Strand's coup d'etat take place?"
Lin Yuan's mind went blank, he really didn't know this question. He had originally only reviewed the Empire's history for the exam. He knew the Empire's history by heart, but the Federation's history is not within the scope of the examination, and he also had no time to look it over.
Chapter 062, eta Ursae Majoris
In the split second that his wrist was grabbed by that man, Ling Feng's breathing stopped, even his heart had stopped beating.
—Don't tell me he was recognized.
This kind of thought made Ling Feng's heart alarmed, trembling in fear, but it was quickly thoroughly negated by reason. In his current disguise, even his younger brother Ling Yu almost couldn't recognize him, how could Udir, who has long lost his memory recognize him.
Ling Feng adjusted his facial expression and said in a feigned undisturbed voice, "General, I've come to help you do a full-body examination."
Udir stared straight into Ling Feng's eyes and asked in a soft voice, "Have I met you before?"
Ling Feng smiled and said: "You've probably made a mistake, right? I have only been here since I started working here in the past few days. I have never seen you before."
The gentle tone and smiling eyes of the male doctor in front of him made Udir feel a very strange sense of familiarity. His distinct respect and alienation in his tone, made Udir displeasedly wrinkle his brows.
You,
General...... he feels these forms of address indescribably sound extremely ear-piercing.
(
TN
: This whole time he has been referring to him with either the polite form of you, or as his rank. Big R.I.P. bro.)
The fingers holding his wrist were gently tightened, and Udir asked in a low voice: "What is your name?"
Ling Feng calmly said: "Charley."
Udir knitted his brow even more tightly— Charley? Why does he feel that this man should not be called Charley? What should his name be? Where has he met him in the end? The more Udir thinks, the more his headache grows, but he cannot come to the reason why.
Ling Feng feigned being calm on the surface, but there was a layer of cold sweat on the palm of his hand.
Udir's breath brushed against his face, and the wrist in his hold was nearly about to be scalded by his body heat.
After all, to those who have previously completely marked themselves, it's very easy for each other's pheromones to affect one another, that is, even if he uses inhibitors for temporary suppression, the pounding of his heart is nevertheless too hard to ignore.
Such a familiar scene was projected in his eyes, it made Ling Feng feel a stabbing pain burst from the bottom of his heart, Udir's doubtful and probing eyes are as sharp as a knife, plunging straight into the softest part of his heart, instantly piercing a thousand gaping holes into his heart where he had originally built up a solid wall of defense.
The person I once loved dearly has long since been unable to remember me......
In the moment of their reunion, the scene of holding his hand and asking "have I met you before" looks especially even more ridiculous.
Ling Feng forcibly maintained his undisturbed face and repeated in a neutral tone: "General, please cooperate, I will give you a full-body examination."
Udir lowered his head and saw that the white skin on the man's wrist was pinched red. Hurriedly retrieving his hand back, a part of his heart is inexplicably distressed, an impulse to help him massage his wrist and spread out a flurry of love bites emerged.
It's probably because of the fever that Udir's mind was in chaos. He simply couldn't calmly think about it. He could only lie down on the bed for the time being and let the doctor who caused his mood to fluctuate to do a detailed examination.
Ling Feng finally breathed a sigh of relief and put on a stethoscope to check on his lungs and heart.
He gently untied his white bathrobe and accidentally caught sight of the blue necklace he wore on his chest, the sky-like crystal clear pendant is engraved with an incomparably familiar name —Ling Feng.
Ling Feng's back abruptly went stiff, his fingers even unconsciously began to slightly tremble.
This necklace...... He actually still kept it?
In his ear, he heard Dr. Will's urging voice: "Charley, get a move on the examination, I have the blood serum results already here."
"......en." Ling Feng took a deep breath, adjusted his mood and began to give Udir a comprehensive physical examination.
Ling Feng used his hands to apply light pressure on his chest and abdomen and quietly asked: "Does it hurt here?"
Udir: "......no pain."
"What about here?"
"......a little bit."
Ling Feng completely entered into his professional doctor mode, trying to calmly give his patient a physical examination.
Udir from start to finish had been unable to take his eyes off him.
As a doctor, using his hand to palpitate the patient's body is the most basic method of examination. Udir has always hated physical contact with people. But oddly enough, he didn't feel the slightest bit disgust from being touched by the man in front of him.
The man's fingers are very slender, and there is a thin layer of callus on his fingertips. When they slid across his skin, it leaves a trail of warmth, it was like using feathers to gently tickle the bottommost tip of his heart.
This kind of familiar tenderness even made Udir feel addicted to it.
It seems that in distant memory, there had also been a similar scene before. This pair of clear jet-black eyes attentively watch him, his soft voice in his ear also makes his heart itch—
"Udir, where do you feel unwell?"
"I have such a terrible stomachache that I haven't been able to eat anything for the past few days."
"But according to the results of my examination, your stomach has no problems whatsoever."
"......is that so? "
It is."
"Oh. Actually, I feigned an illness on purpose because I wanted to see you."
"......"
Udir saw himself from many years ago, lying down on a spotlessly white hospital bed, grabbing that doctor's hand, and brazenly bothering him into giving himself an examination. This young doctor had obviously never seen such a shameless patient before. Being bothered made him flushed with anger, yet also utterly helpless.
The doctor's character is very good, his eyes are always so gentle, his face also always has a smile. It seems no matter how he provokes him, he won't get angry. In particular, his attitude toward treating a patient is very considerate and tender.
Such a gentle person can not help but want to get close to him and even want to steal him away.
On the surface, he becomes a very good person. In the depths of his heart, however, rises an even more despicable and crazy notion—
He wants to overwhelm this cultured and refined man in bed and ruthlessly embrace him all night, doing him until he cries, begging him for mercy, with only himself left in his world, watching the expression on his face crumble and be overtaken by lust— that must be an even more moving expression than his smile.
Chapter 063, Childhood
Dad, once I grow up, can I attend the school at the eta Ursae Majoris Starfield that you speak of? I also want to be like you and become a really good doctor......"
The soft and immature voice of the child reverberated in his ears, just as vivid as if it had happened yesterday.
When he was very young, he lived with his Dad for a time in the "City of the Dead."
He can still remember the perpetual dampness in the air of the underground city. In the vast underground city, it only housed a few old people who were in the Undercurrent and the pair of father and son. His Dad would tell him about all kinds of ancient legends, the name of the eta Ursae Majoris has always been deeply marked in the bottom of his heart— because he knows that Dad had previously attended the best military medical school on the eta Ursae Majoris Star.
Snow's favorite thing when he was a child was to listen to him tell various stories in his Dad's arms.
Ling Feng's voice is very gentle and the stories he tells are particularly pleasant to hear. Snow in his arms, listening to him telling all kinds of ancient legends, makes him feel that his heart is particularly at peace and happy.
He did not have any playmates in his childhood, only his Dad and a close relative.
To the little Snow, Dad is his sky, his whole world.
These serene and peaceful days lasted for nearly half a year.
This Locke Castle, known as the "City of the Dead", has been isolated from the outside world for many years. Many of the originally stored foods have already expired. In addition to the polluted air in Locke Castle, Snow is still a child and his resistance is poor. There was simply no way to continue living here for the long term. Ling Feng was helpless with lack of a better option and once again had to return to Planet Oman with his son.
Probably because of the severe twists and turns during his pregnancy, when he gave birth to Snow there was a problem with his heart that he couldn't repair, conducting a heart transplant was necessary. Ling Feng took his son to the home of his best friend from University— Dr. Wald. Wald has an independent laboratory in Planet Oman, which suitable for Ling Feng to take care of his son.
Snow's childhood memories are memories of running around with his Dad all over the place.
Snow and his Dad are mutually dependent for life. Plus, his health wasn't good from a young age. At only five years old, he is very intelligent. He obeyed whatever his Dad said. Compared to the naughty children at his same age, the well-behaved Snow is simply not like a five-year-old boy.
He was far too obedient. Therefore, when Ling Feng abruptly took him to Dr. Wald's secret laboratory and put him into a cryostasis pod to be put in a deep-freeze, he was also without a doubt, laying there extremely well-behaved and obedient. He even consoled his sad-faced Dad saying: "It's alright Dad, I'm only going to be sleeping......"
This cryostasis pod is usually only used for patients with multiple organ failure, it can temporarily freeze the human body, it is reliant on in vitro nutrient fluid to sustain life. Snow's heart is failing more and more with each passing day, the frequency of his heartbeats is slowing down enough to scare him witless. It seems as if it could stop beating at any moment and he may not make it without a transplant surgery.
This was why Ling Feng so callously froze his son, extracting cells from him to begin to cultivate an organ.
This kind of extremely troublesome method for cultivating organs is the same as cloning a human. If you are not careful when cultivating organs, it may be unable to be transplanted due to various defects. Young Snow didn't understand this. He only knew to obediently be fast asleep in the cryostasis pod and knew nothing at all about the outside world.
When Dr. Wald finally gave him the heart transplant and awakened him, the time had already quietly slipped away to be a whole five years.
When Snow woke up, he didn't even know where he was. Long-term freezing made almost all of the muscles in his entire body atrophied, he was all skin and bones. His body was still that of a five-year-old child, but his actual age should be ten years old. It was as if he had been completely removed from these five years of his life, leaving only a blank.
He also never saw his Dad again.
According to what Dr. Ward said, a lot of things happened while he was fast asleep. General Ling Yu was expelled from the military registry. The secret of the Undercurrent Organization was exposed. The military executed a
carpet search
to hunt down Undercurrent members. Dad in order to seek asylum, left here for the time being. He doesn't know where.
(
TN
: It's a military technique for searching, it involves a lot of manpower and resources so it's not commonly used. It's when they need to trace a person (or people) but they don't know where they are but know the general area, so they block off the area in different sections and search them all one by one in a certain order.)
Snow listened in a daze and his sluggish brain struggled to digest the grievous news that he couldn't yet handle.
Probably because he was frozen for so long, hearing that his Dad was missing, he quickly forgot the feeling of shedding tears.
From that day on, Wald took Snow as his adopted son and told any outsiders that Snow was an orphan he had picked up after having lost both of his parents. He is five years old this year.
He secretly injected Snow with inhibitors, allowing Snow to grow up as a Beta.
However, the five-year-old child is becoming more and more silent. He does not like to make friends, does not like to talk, and his habitual sleeping position is curled up into a ball, just as he once curled up in that tiny cryostasis pod.
***
The reappearance of those words "eta Ursae Majoris Star" is like tearing open a huge crack from the bottom of Snow's heart.
Those distant childhood memories violently surged forth in an instant like a tidal wave. The ice-cold feeling of lying in the cryostasis pod slowly crawled up the back of the spine and to his brain, all the blood throughout his body seemed to freeze.
Snow stood there stiffly and looked up at that unfamiliar man.
The man's appearance looked very ordinary, but he has a pair of pitch-black and extremely bright eyes. Meeting his gaze, Snow's heart can not help but faintly tremble— those eyes, the countless times they have appeared in his dreams, look so similar to that gentle and soft man in his memories.
As if to prove his suspicions, before the man left the specimen showroom, he also deliberately gave a quick look back at him.
Snow no longer hesitated, immediately stood up and said: "Teacher. I am a little uncomfortable, I am going to the bathroom."
Today's teacher has a very good temperament, seeing Snow's pale complexion, he hurriedly nodded and said: "Quickly go, If it's serious then let me know, I will take you to a doctor."
Snow nodded and sped-walked out of the showroom.
When he went out, he saw that the man was waiting for him at the end of the corridor as expected.
The two looked at each other standing on the opposite ends of the long corridor, and no one opened their mouth to speak, but that familiar feeling still let them recognize each other in the very first moments.
Chapter 064. Family
In Brian's mind, Snow is always so coldly indifferent, he comes and goes alone, hates talking and hates smiling even more. He seems like he doesn't care about anything at all and he doesn't take anyone seriously. However, at this moment, this young man who came back alone on this cold night, even bringing along the slight chilliness of the night's wind with him, he was now holding onto him like he was his last hope, leaning closely into his arms.
Brian was keenly aware that Snow was a little unusual tonight. He was pale and his whole body was ice-cold, just like he was fished out of a freezer. It seemed that even his blood was rapidly freezing.
Looking at the youth's face buried in his chest, Brian was so distressed that he immediately and gently reached out and carefully stroked his hair, he asked softly: "What happened to you? If you encounter any difficult situations, you can tell me. I will help you think of a way......"
Snow lightly shook his head, tightened his arms, and leaned his entire body into Brian's arms, feeling the warmth pouring off his chest, he said in a low voice: "Don't talk, let me hold you for a moment."
Snow took the initiative to suggest "let me hold you for a moment", Brian was overwhelmed from such favor, he froze in place and had no idea where to place his limbs.
Snow didn't come back all night and his communicator wouldn't even connect. Brian sat in the living room and waited for most of the night. He didn't expect that once Snow came back, he would unexpectedly take the initiative to enter a hug......
Brian stood there being held tightly by Snow, feeling that he was really...... Worth everything.
The urge to protect this person suddenly swelled throughout his whole chest.
Brian no longer hesitated and immediately hugged Snow tightly, Snow requested "don't talk", and so Brian no longer spoke, just using his actions to express his distress and concern.
Brian stroked his back with his fingers over and over again, using his body to slowly enclose the cold as ice Snow in heat.
The feeling of being caressed was very comfortable......
Snow couldn't help but relax and lightly close his eyes.
When he was a child, he liked to be in his Dad's arms. Dad always stroked his head like this and patted his back so that he could fall asleep with peace of mind. Later after his Dad left. He had been alone for many years. When he slept, he was always used to curling up and wrapping himself tightly with a quilt. Now, he actually feels this long-lost warmth again, the warmth coming off of Brian.
In the past, he always waited for his father to come home, he waited for his Dad, he waited for Uncle Wald, waiting for them to come while in reality, they left without even saying goodbye.
Only Brian will wait for him to come back.
Because Brian waits so stubbornly for him, he doesn't want to leave.
Before he when he was too young, he was always powerless towards those people who left. Now all grown up, in this seldom felt warmth...... He wants to carefully cherish it and he wants to hold it closely in his hands.
***
Udir had a very long dream.
In the dream of a vast expanse of the whiteness of snow, the whole world is covered with silver and wrapped in white. The weather is very cold, but the bottom of his heart is nevertheless incomparably warm.
He lives in a small villa that seems to be in a remote small-town far away from the city. There are not many residents around and it is unusually quiet.
In this vague dreamland, there was a man in the kitchen currently tying up an apron while simmering soup. The strong scent of the fragrance permeated the air throughout the whole house. He saw himself step forward and he gently hugs the man's waist from behind, resting his chin on the man's shoulder, he said in a low voice: "What are you making that's so delicious? Let me help you......"
The man smiled and said: "You'd be more of a hindrance than a help, go out and wait."
Udir ruthlessly holds him tightly, his scorching lips kiss up to his neck.
The man's neck is fair and slender, and there is a distinctive bite-mark on the back. In this dream, that light pink mark is extremely vivid. Udir saw himself open his mouth and gently bit down at that place with his teeth. The man in his arms suddenly trembled and his body was immediately stretched taut. Udir gave a slight smile, and naughtily loosened his bathrobe with a single hand and reached in.
"Oh...... Don't......" The tone of the man's lowered voice sounds especially erotic, and each word provokes the desire in the deepest part of his body. Udir narrowed his eyes and brazenly slid his pants down and reached for the sensitive part of his lower body.
Just as they were going to be intimate, a young and tender voice abruptly sounded in his ear—
"Dad, I'm so hungry...... Are you still not done making the soup?"
The man's face suddenly went red, and the soup that was being cooked in the earthenware pot was immediately overturned. A large amount of soup splashed out in an instant. Udir was sharp-sighted and deft, he reached out and drew him over in a protective embrace. The scalding soup was all poured onto his wrist.
Udir abruptly woke up with a start from this dream.
The scene in his dream was genuinely so realistic that he could even clearly feel the scalding pain of being burnt on his wrist.
The faint scent of shower gel on the man's body, that pair of dark eyes full of worry, his gentle voice as he nervously asked"You're okay, right", the child who was scared into hiding and then peeking from behind the door, as well as the kitchen being completely sprayed by the spilled soup......
That kind of similar smell of "home", even made the rims of Udir's eyes burst into heat.
Lowering his head down to look at his left hand, there is indeed a burn mark on his wrist. It is ages-old and has long since already grown new skin, leaving only a light scar. In fact, with current medical technology, it can completely get rid of this scar, but Udir is reluctant to part with it. For him, any marks on his body may represent an extremely precious memory......
He didn't expect that with yesterday's fever, it would unexpectedly put him in a dream where he even recalled a few past events.
Recently, he has frequently been having all kinds of strange dreams, but Udir feels— maybe they aren't dreams at all, but rather a memory that has occurred in reality! The memories that he had lost are gradually being recovered through dreams.
Thinking of this, Udir couldn't help but think of the doctor who came to see him this afternoon.
The doctor looks ordinary but has a pair of extremely dark eyes that shine, in a way they were very similar...... To that man in his dream......
Udir massaged his aching temple, sitting up and feeling thirsty, he looked around to find a glass of water placed close-by on the bedside table—
Did that doctor leave it behind?
He has not experienced this kind of feeling of being taken care of in his life for so many years. The gentleness of that man made him want to draw him into his arms, want to possess, want to endlessly dominate him, never letting him go...... Could the doctor named Charley be related to the man in his dreams? Why did he have such a strong sense of familiarity when he saw him?
Chapter 065. Ling Feng
Udir's trusted aide expertly gathered intelligence after receiving Udir's order. Within a short 3 hours of researching this person "Charley", all information on Charley was brought out— At 18-years-old he lost both of his birth parents, and then went to a medical school on Planet Oman. He attended a very ordinary medical school on Planet Oman. His performance was average. After graduation, he worked at a private hospital on Planet Oman for a few years. It wasn't too long before the hospital closed down due to ill-management. Charley soon after came to the Po Military Star alone and became a physician in the General Hospital of the Military District.
This resume does not seem to have anything questionable at all. It is nothing but the experience of an ordinary doctor. If you swapped it with someone else, it would also not be questioned if you investigated it here.
But Udir always feels it wasn't quite suitable.
He had a strange intuition. He felt that the man should not be called Charley, should not look like that, should not be so ordinary......
Looking at the details passed on by his trusted aide, Udir frowned slightly and replied: "Provide me with some more front-view photos of Charley."
The information was sent out, in addition to Charley's photo ID at the time of his graduation, others are some profile photos of him working and his life, often wearing surgical masks, making it hard to see his facial features clearly.
Udir sent out these messages, and it didn't take long for the other party to find a clear front-view photo of Dr. Charley.
—The man in the photo is completely ordinary. There was not a single distinguishing feature if he was mixed into a mass of people. A pair of jet-black eyes with a hint of a smile, the expression on his face is also relaxed and easygoing. At first glance, this is a kind of person with a very good temperament.
Udir however frowned.
These eyes......
Although he had a high fever yesterday, he clearly remembered that man's eyes.
That man had a pair of clear jet-black eyes, those beautiful eyeballs were just like the purest of gems. He even had an urge appear to reach out his hands to touch those eyes as they quietly gaze upon him.
Even though the man's eyes in the photo in front of his were also black, there wasn't any feeling of his heart being plucked like a bowstring.
The appearance of the two are actually completely similar, but the eyes have no resemblance at all...... It was those eyes that betrayed him.
Udir raised the corners of his mouth slightly and dialed the communicator of his trusted aide. He said in a low voice: "No need to check, he is not Charley at all."
Their temperaments are so different, but the information is not flawed. The only explanation is "impersonation."
That male doctor from yesterday clearly impersonated Charley to come hold a post at Po Military Star. There is simply no way to find out where the real Charley is now or who that man is. This handful of information is practically seamless, if it was not for Udir's indescribable feeling of familiarity with him, it would have been really difficult to unmask this false disguise.
Thinking back to that man's gaze, movements, and voice, that sort of strange familiarity once again was fostered at the bottom of his heart
—He must have seen him somewhere, he must be related to those lost memories.
Udir knit his brows and no longer hesitated, he silently memorized "Charley's" address on Po Military Star from the investigation in his heart.
***
The first day of training the Rose Legion ended pretty smoothly. Udir allowed the officers and soldiers to each to go back to rest and he also returned to the VIP suite of the Military District's Reception Area alone.
Just before the night was about to stain the sky, he called out his personal mech Silver Snow and flew directly out of the porthole on the roof.
The doubtful points in his heart grow greater and greater in number, making it so that he is eagerly thinking of going in person to see Charley's whole face.
As the moment comes when he arrives at Dr. Charley's rented residence, Udir lightly rang the doorbell and said with a refined and courteous smile: "Excuse me, may I ask if Dr. Charley is home?"
Ling Feng absolutely did not expect Udir to suddenly come right to his door.
The moment he saw Udir on the screen, his mind went blank, and he froze in place without the slightest clue as to what the right thing to do was.
Lin Yuan and Snow saw Ling Feng standing at the doorway with his whole body rigid and finally noticed something was wrong. When they looked at each other, Snow couldn't help but ask: "Dad, is someone looking for you outside?"
With this, Ling Feng's soul came back to his body, and he feigned a calm smile and said: "......my colleague is calling me about a small matter, you guys leave the room in advance."
He brought Lin Yuan and Snow to the study room, looked for two e-books to give to the two, and closed the door tightly in passing. He hurriedly tidied up the living room and once again put on that mask layer on, then turned to the entrance and glanced at the monitoring screen at the door—
Udir still stood outside, the expression on his face was very calm and unhurried, he was very patient.
He seemed to sense Ling Feng's approach, he smiled very gracefully towards the direction of the security camera and said, "I just heard the sound of your footsteps. The soundproofing quality of the apartment you rented is not very good...... Don't pretend that there is no one home. Quickly open up the door Charley."
The man's smiling eyes clearly had a hint of "reading the other party's mind and teasing".
Ling Feng could not help but stare blankly.
He really wants to pretend that there is no one at home, but he knows that he simply cannot hide from Udir like this.
Back then when he first met Udir, he was always so thick-faced and thinking up of every possible trick in the book to molest him. Ling Feng was so annoyed by this that he couldn't wait to wrap up that incomparably elegant and graceful man with a nasty heart and throw him out, but Udir consciously entirely ignored any excuses and bothered Ling Yu. It seemed as if Udir was also fond of Ling Feng's exceedingly both embarrassed and helpless facial expressions.
Seeing the man's familiar handsome face only separated by the screen, Ling Feng found that he was actually still nervous.
After so many years, he originally thought he had long since forgotten those past memories, but the result was that he buried those memories as the most precious memories deep in the bottom of his heart. At this moment, with the appearance of Udir, those memories gradually poured out, his chest was heavy like it was weighed down by a boulder, and even simple breathes became extremely difficult.
There was still no response in the house. Udir very patiently pressed the doorbell. "Doctor Charley, please open the door. I have something I need you for."
Ling Feng finally braced himself and opened the door, saying with an undisturbed expression: "General, what are you looking for me for?"
The complexion of the man in front of him is somewhat unnaturally pale, his eyes are cold, and the implication of rejection is very obvious. Udir looked at him over carefully, and the urge to get close to him in sprung up at the bottom of his heart again.
Chapter 066, Reappearance of Memories
Hearing Udir's voice hoarsely calling out his name over and over again, the rims of Ling Feng's eyes burst into heat. Udir's powerful embrace and his tender gaze mad Ling Feng unable to harden his heart to push him away. He could only stiffly allow him to hug him.
The hug lasted for a long time, only the sound of each other's breaths was left in their ears.
The temperature of the man named Ling Feng in his arms, the fragrance of shower gel, his soft black hair that his fingertips slid through, and that pair of clear eyes— everything is incomparably familiar, familiar enough to make him almost want to break down in tears.
The appearance of this person has finally filled in the blanks of his heart over the past many years.
Unfortunately, Udir can't remember those pasts— what kind of past they had between them, how much he once loved him.
These precious memories have been deliberately erased by someone.
Udir let go of Ling Feng and somewhat distressedly strokes the man's hair. He looks at him with a gentle gaze and asks in a soft voice: "Ling Feng, I don't remember what happened before, do you know what happened in those years?"
Ling Feng blankly stared and moved his line of sight away. He spoke in a feigned undisturbed voice: "I only know that someone made you undergo memory removal surgery."
Udir frowned slightly, "Memory removal surgery?"
Ling Feng nodded, "This surgery can remove a portion of the memories in the brain without causing any damage to the brain."
Udir fell silent. Obviously, this so-called "memory removal surgery" has to be connected to that group of "elders" in the Shaman family. Over the years, as he refused the Omegas they introduced, each time he mentioned "the person in his memory", their faces would become very strange, probably because of having a guilty conscience then?
Udir's gaze slightly sunk, he looked down at Ling Feng and said: "Can I take back those memories?"
Ling Feng looked over his head, he didn't know what to say.
Udir placed his hand on his shoulder and looked at him earnestly. He said softly but firmly: "Do you know? I've never had a day of peaceful sleep these past years, your shadow always appears in my dreams, but I couldn't see your appearance clearly at all. As far as I'm concerned...... For me, these memories are very important, I can't just lose them...... I don't want to forget everything about you, I can't forget."
The gentleness and the strong affection in the man's eyes, made Ling Feng's heart suddenly tremble.
He thought that Udir had already completely forgotten the past and had started a brand new life, but he did not expect that he had never once let go over these past years. Even if someone wiped his memories clean, he would still cling on, looking for those pasts in his dreams.
With only a necklace with a name inscribed and some vague dreams, he actually searched for so many years......
The man's extreme stubbornness is truly shocking and distressing.
Udir saw the somewhat swayed expression of Ling Feng, and hurriedly said softly: "Tell me, please? Tell me how to recover my memory."
Ling Feng was silent for a very long time before he whispered: "I know of a way, but...... this kind of method carries a big risk."
Udir said decisively: "It doesn't matter, I'll listen to whatever you have to say."
Ling Feng opened his mouth to speak: "You need to find neurosurgery expert to do a craniotomy, then conduct the most direct electrical stimulation to the cerebral cortex, if there is a deviation in the operation, it would very highly likely damage your brain, at worst, it will even make you enter a vegetative state."
Udir smiled, " I got it. "
Seeing Udir turning around to leave, Ling Feng quickly stopped him: "You want to go through with that surgery? It's no good, this is too risky...... "
Udir stopped in his steps and looking at him deeply, "Compared with forgetting you, I can wholeheartedly take this kind of risk." After he finished speaking he looked down towards his lower body then slightly pressed a kiss to Ling Feng's forehead and whispered: "Wait for me to come back."
—Wait for the past Udir to return to your side in full health.
Udir left Ling Feng's residence and called four of his most trustworthy subordinates to come here and keep watch. He was also very "considerately" helped Dr. Charley ask to take two days off from the Military District's Hospital.
Even though his mouth said "wait for me to come back", would Ling Feng wait for him to come back? He may be undecided in his heart.
He can't let Ling Feng sneak away.
When he remembers everything, he hoped for Ling Feng to be the first thing he sees.
***
Udir returned to the Military Reception Office and immediately contacted a trusted friend and had him rush over that very night.
Dr. Kent, an expert in neurosurgery at the Imperial Central Hospital, immediately set off after receiving an urgent confidential message from General Udir. He piloted his mech into two consecutive space jumps and arrived at Po Military Star at 8 o'clock the very next morning.
Udir pretended to be seriously ill from not being acclimated to the environment and had the Deputy Commander of the Legion continue to supervise today's training. He went to the operating room of a private hospital by himself and secretly met with Dr. Kent.
After Kent saw him, he couldn't help but smile and mockingly say: "Udir, not being acclimatized to the environment when coming to Po Military Star for your first time and falling seriously ill every day, isn't your body a bit too delicate?"
Udir said with a serious expression: "I am malingering, I just want to keep the informats that my grandfather has spread around me in the dark. I called you over this time because I want you to secretly perform a craniotomy on me and help me retrieve my lost memories."
Kent said in shock: "Retrieve memories?"
Udir nodded, "I have consulted several doctors before and they all told me that the memories that were wiped out could not be brought back again. I believed it back then, but now it seems that those people should have been ordered by my grandfather to deliberately lie to me." Udir frowned slightly and his eyes also became deeper, "Kent, you tell me the truth, this kind of memory loss that was removed by man, can you recover it?"
Kent hesitated for a moment and said in a low voice: "In theory, you can."
Udir immediately raised his head and looked at him, "Tell me."
*
Kent explained carefully: "The principle of human memories is the connections of neurons between each other. The center of memories is similar to an information network composed of a large number of neurons. The hippocampus is the hub, and the cerebral cortex is the storage warehouse. The memory removal surgery obstructs a portion of the neuron transmission channel and leads to the inability to read the memory data as it normally would. Your cerebral cortex—that is the memory storage unit—has not been seriously damaged, and those memories still exist. As long as the cerebral cortex is stimulated, it will completely open the data information channel and those memories should reappear."
Chapter 067. Loved Ones
In those days, Old General Crist's body became seriously ill, he was unable to continue leading the Legion. The Rose Legion urgently needed to find a successor, but looking at the whole Shaman Family, Udir is undoubtedly the greatest talent. The S-Class mech developed by the Shaman Family's mech-making masters has already been completely manufactured. Out of the entire family, Udir is also the only one whose mental threshold can manage to pilot that mech
The younger generation of the family was fading away. As the head family member at the time, Crist had to make a decision.
The decision to allow Udir to undergo a memory removal operation had caused considerable controversy among several elders in the Shaman family. Some soft-hearted people thought that treating Udir like that was too cruel, and while others thought that this so-called young-love was insignificant when compared to the family interests.
The unyielding Crist finally decided to sacrifice his most dearly beloved grandson.
Or in his view, it was not a sacrifice at all.
—rather, it was saving.
Even though Udir was very clever to bring Ling Feng to seclude themselves in a small remote town, the Shaman Family's power dashes to the skies. In reality, it is not difficult to find two people. Soon, Crist found their hiding place. He brought soldiers from the First Guard Battalion to go in-person and catch Udir to take him back. He wanted to kill the man named "Sander", but he didn't expect that person to actually receive the news in advance and fled before they arrived.
Crist returned Udir to the capital star and performed a memory removal operation on Udir.
In his view, Udir's so-called love is simply not worth mentioning when compared to the position of the head of the Rose Legion and the future of the Shaman Family. He will choose the most beautiful Omega for Udir, and very soon, Udir will forget that man and from then on, start a brand-new life.
However, what shocked him was that Udir's hand was always holding on tightly to that necklace with a name engraved in it. The first words he said when he woke up was: "Who is Ling Feng?"
He asked with a puzzled face, "Who is Ling Feng?", several elders were unable to respond to his surprise, and even guiltily shifted their line of sight.
In the end, Crist casually made up an excuse saying that Ling Feng was one of his comrades-in-arms whose life had already been sacrificed on the battlefield.
Udir did not speak and merely pursed his brows in silence.
Udir, who was wiped of his memories, shut himself away in his room for an awfully long time and was not willing to see anyone.
He always felt that he had forgotten something of the past that should have never been forgotten. Being aware of it like this made it difficult for him to sleep through the night. The vague shadow in the depths of his heart seemed to be about to completely dissipate at any time. He tried desperately, but he couldn't remember it. Udir had splitting headaches all day long, and he would even hit his head against the wall as hard as he could, just to alleviate the intense pain in the deepest parts of his mind.
The doctors can only repeatedly give him sedatives to let him sink into a deep sleep. Once he wakes up, he will once again have a headache and can't sleep.
This image of Udir falling apart made the Shaman Family's elders very uneasy. In desperation, they sent a psychiatrist along with Udir's mother to go straighten him out.
Udir's mother, Lianne, is an Omega woman with an extraordinarily gentle and soft personality. She has always been extremely against the elders of the Shaman Family's way of handling things. Unfortunately, Omegas in the family have no say whatsoever, she can only helplessly watch her own son being washed of his memories and turn into a walking corpse. As a mother, she is terribly distressed, but she is unable to do anything.
Lianne gave her son a meal every day and she softly comforted him. But, concerning Ling Feng, she did not dare mention those words.
After half a month, Udir finally recovered from his state of refusing to interact with anyone. As if nothing had happened, he smiled refined and courteously at the elders.
He took over the head position of the Rose Legion, successfully mastered that S-Class mech, and named his mech Silver Snow.
In his dreams, they always circled back to the vast expanse of a white snowfield. He always felt that was where his home was.
And there is only one reason why he recovered so quickly.
—He wants to find Ling Feng and find everything that he has lost.
So he chose to make a temporary compromise and became the heir to the Shaman Family's Rose Legion according to his grandfather's wishes.
***
In fact, in comparison to Ling Feng, Udir is much more fortunate. Immediately after he was taken home by his grandfather, he was arranged to have a memory removal operation. Although he was sad when he woke up, he did not remember everything.
Ling Feng, however, clearly remembered every detail of each interaction the two shared.
On that day, Ling Feng received an urgent confidential letter from Berg saying that the Shaman Family had made abnormal movements. That Old General Shaman appeared to be heading towards the Cigar Galaxy. Ling Feng was immediately on-guard and guessed that his hiding place was discovered. At that time, Udir was out shopping. Ling Feng was forced to hastily to pack up a piece of luggage and send a message to Udir to make an appointment to rendezvous in a small tavern. He left the house with Little Snow in advance.
He waited in that small tavern for a very long time without Udir showing up, he, however, saw the Rose Legion's suspension car passing by the street.
With a window standing between them, he saw a man sitting in the suspended car at the window, his familiar blond hair and blue eyes like the azure sky, and his strained, expressionless handsome face.
Little Snow leaned forward at the window and said in a puzzled voice: "Dad, that person looks like......"
Ling Feng's fingers trembled and covered his son's mouth, picked up Snow in his arms, and quickly turned to leave the tavern.
Udir was taken away by that Old General Shaman, which means that their happiness had finally come to an end.
Ling Feng was forever unable to forget that day. After Udir was taken away, he carried his son, walking on that snowy street.
The gale was intermingled with large swaths of snowflakes that pelted his face. The devastating snowy wind blurred his vision. He couldn't clearly see the road in front of him. He could only rely on his instincts and quickly move forward.
The child in his arms seemed to perceive his Dad's abnormal mood, drawing himself into his neck, obediently leaning into his chest, not saying a word.
The child's warm breaths brushed against his chest, Ling Feng's eyes were bitter and tears nearly flowed down.
That Old General Shaman wanted to kill that pair of father and son down to the last one and conducted a carpet search throughout the planet. That father and son had to pass through with the secret assistance of Berg to get in contact with the Undercurrent members in Planet Oman to disguise their appearances with masks. They left that place that very night.
In the early morning of a winter day, there was three feet of snow and a bone-chilling wind.
No matter how cold the weather outside is, it can't compare with the icy coldness at the bottom of his heart.
Chapter 068. Reunion
Udir's gaze is extremely gentle and soft, but his actions are fierce and domineering.
Their separation of so many years seems to have thoroughly aroused the boundless desires repressed at the bottom of this man's heart. Ling Feng's position was changed quite a few times by him, his whole body from top to bottom was unbearable limp and sore. Afterward, he was genuinely physically weakened. He was so worn out that he fell asleep.
The sweat-stricken sex following this long-awaited reunion continued non-stop until late at night, Udir's frantic approach to proclaiming his right of possession of this man was really in reality...... just his fear of losing him.
He already lost him once, he cannot bear a second time.
Looking at the man who was tired and fell asleep in the crook of his arm, a faint stab of pain came from the bottom of Udir's heart.
The man's pure and handsome face still dons a post-lustful flush, the elegantly straight downwards bridge of his nose, the beautiful shape of his lips that had been kissed red and swollen, his whole body was covered up and down in lovebites all left by him just now, inside his body was completely filled with his own essence.
—This man, once again completely belongs to himself.
This kind of realization makes Udir's heart fill up with a touch of warmth.
However, while he was satisfied, he was also particularly distressed. He regrets all of the torments that he has suffered over these past years. He wishes he could go back to the past and hold him tightly in his arms. He wishes that he never forgot him and let him go.
Unfortunately, you can't redo the past. He can only use the rest of his life to treat him well and never let him down.
After Ling Feng fell asleep, his brow was still slightly knitted together, and he appeared to have dreamt of some bad things. Udir knew that it was experiencing all those years of running away that filled his subconscious mind with wariness. Even if he now slept in his arms, he did not completely let down his guard.
Udir hand softly reached out with his hand and smoothed Ling Feng's brows, he placed his lips on his mark and on the next one, he gave a gentle and devout kiss on his lips. Against his lips, he said in a low voice: "Ling Feng, I love you"
Dreaming Ling Feng turned his body over somewhat restlessly like he was looking for a heat source, he took the initiative to lean into Udir's embrace.
Udir's entire heart went soft and he gently hugged him.
Ling Feng has an obsession with cleanliness, he must take a bath after doing it, and if the liquid remains in his body, he will sleep uneasily through the whole night.
Udir came to the bathroom carrying Ling Feng, he filled up a nice tank of warm water, put him in the bathtub, and gently helped him wash his body while also attentively cleaning up the remaining liquid left behind in his rear entrance. Seeing that area was slightly swollen but it wasn't injured, only then did Udir put his worries to rest. He wrapped him up in a large bath towel and carried him back to the bedroom.
In this set of movements, Udir is matchlessly practiced and incomparably gentle, he didn't wake Ling Feng up in the slightest.
The bed in the bedroom was a mess, the sheets were wrinkled into a ball stained full spots of semen on it. Udir carried Ling Feng to the sofa next to it, and changed it out to a new bed sheet from a cupboard, and only after which did he bring him to the bed.
Ling Feng was probably too tired and slept very well from start to finish. Udir took all of him into his arms. He took the initiative to nestle his body Udir's arms and snugly fit his face against Udir's chest.
Udir gave a slight smile and ducked down to kiss his forehead. He said softly, "Sleep well, goodnight."
—Goodnight, my love.
—Every morning from now on, you will wake up in my arms.
—We are no longer separated.
***
After Snow and Lin Yuan came back from Ling Feng's the other day, they chatted by themselves in the bedroom and even locked the door.
Brian and Caesar were sitting in the living room watching TV. The TV drama just happened to be developing into the wonderful part of the grand finale. However, Brian's thoughts are not on TV—the grand finale of this TV drama is a joke in comparison to Snow and can be entirely ignored.
Caesar is not interested in this TV drama in the slightest.
The two of them acted as if they were watching the television screen, their minds, however, were completely on their respective Omega.
—Where did they go today? Why were their expressions so strange when they came back?
—But also closing the door to privately talk? What are they talking about in the end?
Their two's hearts were distracted and their thoughts were in turmoil, they completely ignored the TV drama's background noise.
Only White Feather was particularly joyfully changing into a feather floating in the air, watching the TV with relish.
The TV drama had just happened to be developing into the plot of the confession. White Feather flew excitedly to Brian and said, "This heroine is too stupid. It is clear that Man No. 2 is quite gentle, right? Bubu?"
Brian impatiently drove it away, "Watch your television! "
White feather: " ......oh. "
After a moment, White Feather flew in front of Caesar and said excitedly:" Master, Master, Man No.2 is really cool, what do you think?"
Caesar knit his brows, "Give me some quiet time!"
White Feather: "......oh."
White Feather, who was simultaneously rejected by both its Master and Brian, silently floated back into its corner, watching the TV drama all alone.
In Snow's room, the two Omegas still seem to be carrying out a private discussion, the door is locked to clearly show that they don't want to be disturbed.
Brian and Caesar are like two big abandoned dogs sitting on the sofa in the living room, yet their eyes are always aimed in the direction of the bedroom.
Brian finally couldn't help it. He moved closer to Caesar's ear and quietly asked: "What in the world do you think those two did going out today?"
Caesar gaze deepened, "I don't know. Xiao Yuan's expression looked a bit abnormal. "
Brian said: "Snow also looks a little nervous...... Their Omega identities weren't discovered by someone were they? "
Thinking of this possibility simultaneously frightened the two of them from the bottom of their hearts. Taking a quick glance face to face, they immediately in a tacit understanding stood up and walked over to Snow's door.
Brian lightly rapped on the door, "Snow, have you eaten a late-night snack?"
"No need." A cold and faint voice belonging to Snow came through from the inside.
After a short moment, Caesar also asked: "Xiao Yuan, have you finished the professor's assignments?"
Lin Yuan said: "Don't worry, it's not due until the day after tomorrow!"
Chapter 069. Follow
After getting out of bed at eight in the morning, Caesar Brian ran into each other in the dining room and saw a brief note left on the table, their expressions immediately became unmistakably distressed.
—I have to go out to do something with Lin Yuan, we may return very late, please do not worry.
This sentence was written simply and straightforwardly, quite like Snow's style.
It's a simple sentence, but it thoroughly provoked the two Alpha's several days of repressed anger.
Brian wrinkled his brows and broodingly said, "What the hell are those two doing after all?"
Caesar's heart was also very uncomfortable. His own Omega didn't tell him that something was up, keeping him in the dark and moving about in private. For the extremely strong possessiveness and protectiveness of an Alpha, such disregard makes him entirely unable to tolerate it.
Brian certainly has the same feelings too.
Even though Snow dependently leaning into his embrace that night made him happy for several days, even continuously dreamingly so gleefully that he wakes up with a smile, but after that, Snow suddenly became very close to Lin Yuan. His attitude towards Lin Yuan is also especially good, however, in the presence of Brian, his facial expression was just as plainly indifferent as before as if everything that night was all an illusion Brain had by himself.
Brian's stance toward Snow was simply at a complete loss and he even began to eat Lin Yuan's vinegar. If it were not for Caesar being present, he would even like to take this dense guy and wrap him up, then throw him out of the dormitory.
Looking at the note in front of his eyes, Brian finally couldn't help but press the space button on his wrist: "Little Blue, give me the position coordinates of Night Snow!"
Caesar also said in a low voice: "White Feather, detect the position of Suzaku at once!"
The two Alphas were once again on the same wavelength, and they said this sentence almost at the same time. After they finished speaking, they once again glanced at each other quite awkwardly.
Of the two of them, one is a prince and one is the sole son of General Bayh, they have now gone so far as to fall to the point of secretly tracking their own Omegas, this is truly a great tragedy.
Little Blue and White Feather are unexpectedly obedient to their master's orders.
Brian had originally installed a mech tracking system on Night Snow's body, while White Feather and Suzaku were the same beings as Mr. Aston's works. There was a mutual detection between the S-Class mechs, after some brief calculations, the two mechs very quickly announced the coordinates.
Little Blue calmly said: "Master, Night Snow's coordinates are...... Po Military Star."
White Feather said very excitedly: "Master Master! Predecessor Suzaku is on Po Military Star, are we going to pursue it?"
The difference between the coordinates of the two mechs is very close, this proves that Snow and Lin Yuan are also very close to each other.
Brian and Caesar give a quick face to face look at each other with a tacit understanding, rushed to pilot their mechs to the coordinate points.
***
At that same moment, Ling Feng finally calmed down and walked out of the bedroom.
Udir saw him coming out and he immediately stepped forward. He gently reached for his waist and embraced him without a word or movement. He said with a soft voice: "How come you've woken up so early? Did you want to go back to sleep for a while?"
Snow raised his head and puzzledly looked at Ling Feng.
Ling Feng's ears reddened slightly in embarrassment. Udir was too unbridled last night. Even now, both of his legs are shaking. It is a bit difficult to walk in the presence of his son. If he is seen by his son......
Snow swept his gaze over at the faintly discernible hickey on his Dad's neck, and immediately came to a realization, he insipidly said: "Dad, go rest."
Udir smiled and said: "Did you hear that? Our son will even let you go back to resting."
"......" Ling Feng gave Udir a look and Udir immediately shut his mouth.
Ling Feng took a deep breath and walked over to the living room to sit down, he looked at Snow and said: "Has he already explained the matter of the memory removal surgery to you?"
Snow nodded.
Udir also took a seat back down on the sofa and lightly held Ling Feng's shoulder. He said softly: "Since both of you are here, I will tell you my intentions."
Since Udir's voice suddenly became serious, the two people listen carefully.
Udir said: "There is someone in the Rose Legion's First guard Battalion whose wife will be giving birth soon. I plan to privately give him a big year-long vacation and let him go home to properly accompany his wife and child. He has naturally been a trusted aide of mine for more than ten years, he is reliable." Udir looked back at Ling Feng, "If you want, you can dress yourself up like him for the time being to come to my side. In this way, we can see each other every day. I can also protect you at all times."
Seeing that Ling Feng did not respond, Udir continued speaking once again: "My grandfather is getting up there in years, and now the real power of the Shaman Family is grasped in my hands. Give me some time, wait for me to deal with my home off to the side. I will take you back in an open and honest manner...... You can officially become my spouse under my identity as a Beta, Snow can also continue attending school as a Beta, okay?"
Ling Feng was silent for a moment, before saying: "There's no need for this. It doesn't matter to me if I can go back to your house or not, besides, I can't stay here with you."
Udir stared blankly, "You want to leave?"
Ling Feng nodded, "I originally came over here this time in order to take Snow away."
Udir said quietly: "Then just for me, stay...... at my side...... alright? "
At the man's distinctly pleading tone, Ling Feng's heart could not help but faintly tremble.
Such a proud man like Udir, actually lowered his pride and apologized to him over and over, even begging him to stay......
This obviously a man he loves dearly, how could Ling Feng have the heart refuse to straight out reject him? But if he said he'd stay behind, what should he do about Ling Yu? There is still Xiao Yuan and Snow......
Right as Ling Feng is hesitating, just at that moment, the cold and cheerless voice of the youth abruptly sounds in his ear—
"Stay behind, Dad."
Ling Feng looked up in surprise, coming into contact with Snow's undisturbed gaze.
Snow looked at him and calmly spoke: "I have already talked it over with Xiao Yuan, we will not leave with you. I still want to continue attending school, and he feels the same way. If you are alone, you'd instead be making people worry, just follow Father's words and stay at his side for the time being. He is an important general in the military. He can receive the military's news first thing. Despite what you may think, you are the safest at his side."
Chapter 070. Lessons
In Brian's impression, General Udir is the strangest out of all the commanders in the military.
Even though he is a General, he studies all kinds of flowers and plants all day, he even turned the place he lived into a botanical garden. He had a careless appearance with the shadow of a smile on his face all day long. There was no integrity and earnesty that a soldier should have.
Because his father, General Drew, also served in the military, ever since Brian was a child he has come across General Udir coming to the Bayh Family's elders' birthday feast to give congratulatory gifts. Brian still remembers that year when he was five years old, he was playing in the garden, just happening to run into Udir lazily sitting and doing nothing but drinking his tea. Brian immediately turned around to run away as if he was avoiding a monster, but Udir suddenly grabbed him by his collar and yanked him back.
The man smiled and looked at the five-year-old Brian, and asked in a low voice, "You are definitely Drew's son, why is it that as soon as you see me you run away?"
Brian gave him a loathing look, "Let me go!"
Udir seemed to think that this kid was quite amusing. He grabbed firmly and pulled Brian up by his collar leaned in close to carefully look at him. After looking for a long time, he finally contently pinched his face and arrived at the conclusion that "looks passably okay, you look a bit more like your daddy Berg."
Brian, who had his face pinched, very much detested the man in front of him, he straightened out his collar, glared at him, and then turned around to leave.
Udir has a terrible fault, he is awfully fond of bullying children.
Probably because he didn't have a son himself? Whenever he caught sight of a four or five-year-old child, he had to stop and catch them to play around with. He had already scared an awful lot of children into crying, and the children in the families of high-ranking military officers were all very afraid of him. For those mere children, this handsome
strange uncleUdir who wears a smile on his face is simply the villain boss in a storybook.
(
TN
: Strange uncle refers specifically to a young or a middle-aged male pedophile, not that Udir is actually a pedophile but he definitely creeps them out! Also for those wondering, this takes place after Udir gets his memories wiped! So...... Big ouch that he's being drawn to children Snow's age when he lost him.)
Contrary to what one might expect, Brian is not afraid of this man with a big smile and evil intentions, but simply hates the strange temperament of this General. In Brian's mind, a kind of upright and serious man such as his father, Drew, would only then fall into the definition of a "soldier". This General in front of him is more like a "perverted artist."
Every time he saw Udir as a child, Brian would avoid him like the plague and turn back to slip away without a trace.
Unexpectedly, he surprisingly ran into him face to face today.
Although he has already grown up, Brian can no longer still continue avoiding this man. In order to find Snow, he has to throw caution to the wind. He politely nodded to him and said: "General, Excuse me, may I ask if you have seen a boy with blue eyes, platinum-blonde hair, and who is roughly about this tall?" Brian's hands gestured to a position under his nose. Snow's height was just below the bridge of Brian's nose, this kind of height difference is very suitable for receiving kisses.
"Blue eyes, platinum-blonde hair...... this tall?" Udir though it over for a moment looking pensively, he turned his head back to the inside of the house, "Snow, is he talking about you?"
Brian: "......... "
Snow, who had just been preparing a meal in the kitchen, heard his father calling out to him, he wiped his hands and turns around to come out, faintly saying: "Someone is looking for me?"
Udir looked at his son's appearance with an apron wrapped around him, the more he looked the cuter he felt it was, he couldn't help but smile a little and lightly embrace his son around his shoulder, speaking in a gentle tone: "Do you know this person? He seems to be looking for you."
Snow lifted his head up and took a glance at Brian and immediately froze where he stood in embarrassment.
⁠—Brian? This idiot, why did he suddenly run over here to throw away his life?
Yet Brian apparently still hasn't figured out the situation. This scene of Udir's tender smile as he was wrapped around Snow's shoulders is truly too warm and too offensive to the eyes. There is an instant stabbing pain in Brian's heart, and the violently strong anger in his heart explodes with a loud bang like ignited gunpowder.
This is his Omega, how can he be held in the embrace of another man?
Brian looked at Udir's hand on Snow's shoulder and fire almost came out of his eyes.
Reminiscent of Snow coming back late at night mysteriously every day recently, he may have been staying with Udir. Out of these two, one is an Alpha and one is an Omega. Udir has been voted as the No. 1 Golden Bachelor on the Empire Forum...... ......even more unbearable is that Snow has an apron wrapped around him, obviously preparing a meal for him, and he is even intimately held in his embrace......
Brian's nose suddenly begins to sour, his Snow who has never made a meal for him is actually wrapped around in an apron cooking for this perverted Udir?! It's simply more than he can bear!
Brian, like a beast that had its food forcibly taken away, very fiercely glared at Udir and said: "Let go of him!"
Snow hurriedly raised his head saying: "Brian......"
Just as he was going to speak, he was interrupted by Udir's low voice, "You go back to the kitchen, hand this over to me to deal with."
Udir pushed his son over towards the direction of the kitchen, he turned his head back to look at Brian, one hand on the edge of the door frame blocking Brian's line of sight. He slightly smiled and said with great grace, "What is your business with my Snow? He is staying here with me this weekend."
My. Snow......
(
TN
: Oh man, doesn't work in English that well. Original line. 我、家、斯、诺. (I, family, Sn-,ow) Basically what he said before Snow's name "家" has a bit of wiggle room in meaning. This character is most commonly used to mean family or home. When you use it before one's name that would be a polite way to introduce someone from your family. However, it can also refer to specifically a wife, hence what Brian's going to have a brain shutdown over.)
These four words are certainly an
attack skill
.
(
TN
: Like a game I suppose?)
The disorderly speculation that springs up in his mind almost made Brian go crazy.
Brian went to bypass Udir and go inside to drag Snow out when Udir suddenly reached out and grabbed his shoulder.
When all was said and done, he is the head of a legion. Although both his appearance and personality are more like an artist, the strength of this man, however, is so great that it's frightening. While he is only lightly squeezing, Brian feels right away that the bones of his shoulder would very soon be crushed into pieces by him.
Chapter 071. Like
After the meal, Ling Feng called for Snow and Lin Yuan alone in his room and had the two youths sit down on the sofa, his tone was gentle and soft as he spoke, "Since you decided to stay behind and continue attending school, from now on at school you must redouble your caution, you understand?"
The two nodded earnestly and said: "Understood."
Ling Feng gave a small smile and asked: "Is the inhibitor issue all figured out?
In fact, this is another one of the reasons Ling Feng came to the eta Ursae Majoris Starfield. He originally wanted to take Snow and Lin Yuan away, but if the two little guys didn't want to go with him, then he must also solve the issue of their inhibitors for the two of them so as to avoid any accidents.
Snow looked up and said: "Dad, previously I used to take batches of medicine from the underground city. The inhibitor formula is also in my hands. I can re-manufacture it in the school lab."
Ling Feng thought about it then spoke: "You had better bring all of the medicine you took to me. I will give you inhibitors. If it by any chance is discovered by someone in the school laboratory, it would instead be dangerous."
Snow nodded and said: "Okay, then I will bring it over to you some other time."
Ling Feng also turned his head to look at Lin Yuan and say: "What about you Xiao Yuan?"
Lin Yuan scratched his head, saying: "Caesar's
Wang Xiong
will bring a few injections from over there, and Dr. Fornt also sent me a package of new inhibitor pills, it should get me through this academic year."
(
TN
: I'm a bit dumb, sometimes I don't remember that I could just, ya know, leave it in Chinese. Anyways this is Xiwei's brotherly prince title. If I ever go back I'll do the same for the rest of them too.)
Ling Feng said: "The inhibitor you use isn't like the others, it is the finished product after processing. Taking it for long-term use can allow one to become a Beta. But since you have been marked, the Omega glands in the body have already been fully activated, these kinds of inhibitors are not very useful for you."
Lin Yuan wondered aloud: "It means that since the ingredients of the medicine are different, I cannot use these kinds of inhibitors in the future?"
Ling Feng explained: "It can be used but the effect will be greatly reduced, you also need to double your dosage."
Lin Yuan nodded his head, not truly understanding.
Ling Feng paused and said: "Let's do it like this. You first use the injections brought by Caesar. I will re-make a few supporting inhibitors for you. You should not take any more pills sent by Dr. Fornt. The ingredients in these two inhibitors are different and cannot be used together."
Lin Yuan smiled and said: "Oh, I got it."
Ling Feng looked at the two people and said: "Temporary marks can only last for three months. Do you guys now what you'll be doing after three months? The inhibitors must be injected before this deadline, don't forget."
The two of them gave a quick look to one another and nodded very carefully, Ling Feng smiled in satisfaction.
After a moment of silence, Lin Yuan finally asked a question that was always on his mind: "Uncle, how is my dad doing at the moment"
Ling Feng was startled and said in a low voice: "Your dad had me tell you...... that he is doing well. There will be a chance in the future for you to meet."
A trace of disappointment flashed across Lin Yuan's face, he hung his head down and said: "He doesn't want to see me?"
Ling Feng's heart became somewhat troubled and he comforted him with a soft voice: "He is unable to see you, he is carrying out a secret mission in a distant galaxy. His communicator signal must be transmitted through the password verification of space stations in multiple galaxies. If it by any chance is found by the military's interception network, it will be quite dangerous. Therefore, the less contact he has with the outside world, the better. Everytime he is contacted, he must change the password...... You don't have to worry too much either. His situation is not at all dangerous."
Lin Yuan could only smile and say: "......en."
Ling Feng looked at Xiao Yuan's smiling expression and couldn't refrain from feeling sorry for him.
Even now, he still remembers the day when Xiao Yuan was sent away, he grabbed Ling Yu's hand crying. The child wept inconsolably, the tears were smeared across his whole face, and his young and tender voice repeated time and time again "Dad, don't leave me...... Dad......"
Looking back on that scene now makes his nose sour.
In the blink of an eye, that child with a face stained with tears has already grown up into an 18-year-old teenager, as optimistic and strong as his dad had hoped.
However, this little guy who keeps a strong appearance must actually at the bottom of his heart......
......miss his dad very much then?
***
Ling Feng called for Snow and Xiao Yuan to go to a room to chat, Udir sat on the sofa and contentedly ate fruit— of course, the box of fruit Caesar bought. In the living room, Brian and Caesar stared at each other at their wit's end. The fact is, at this moment, there is no room to advance or retreat in the face of this General that they were unable to avoid as a child.
Udir finished eating a fruit, and then glanced at Brian and said insipidly: "You are the boyfriend
my
Snow picked?"
(
TN
: Everyone remembers what Brian got so pissed about last time lmao? The 家 of many meanings of a wife or family? Udir is using it again here. What a salty pretzel.)
My Snow— these
four
words just now still make Brian extremely indignant, Hearing them in his ear at this moment, yet not daring in the slightest to have any complaints, Brian made haste to respectfully reply back: "That's right, General, we have been together for more than a month......"
(
TN
: Four characters in the original.)
Udir nodded as he smiled and said: "You are still young. By no means will I fight against you being together. In any case, you haven't gotten married yet. Nothing is set in stone...... It still depends on how you perform in the future."
Brian immediately saluted his father-in-law: "Understood, General, I will surely perform well!"
Udir couldn't help but think— it seems that his son really chose Brian as his Alpha, this guy Brian is really unsightly no matter how he looks at him. How can he make things even more difficult for him if he pays a visit later on to propose marriage?
Isn't he learning mech manufacturing? Have him give Snow an S-Class mech he personally made as a betrothal gift?
No, an S-Class mech as a betrothal gift is totally inadequate in his eyes.
......there is plenty of time, he can carefully think about it later.
Udir smiled and looked at Brian with his gaze becoming increasingly gentle and soft.
Chapter 072. Confession
Facing Caesar's very earnest facial expression as he said in a soft voice, "I like you" and as if for the purpose of proving the authenticity of this statement, he came over and took the initiative to kiss Lin Yuan, moreover, it is definitely a genuine...... French kiss.
Lin Yuan was shocked into being frozen where he stood. The inside of his mouth was filled with the taste of Caesar. The strange feeling of the boy's tongue wantonly swirling around in his mouth made his scalp go numb. His soul did not come back into his body until Caesar pulled back.
Only after a long time had passed did Lin Yuan manage to react to what had happened. He hurriedly used his hand to wipe his mouth and said in embarrassment, "Cough, Caesar, how can you...... uh...... you have always been...... my best......"
Caesar softly spoke up, cutting him off, "Best friend?"
Lin Yuan: "......"
Lin Yuan swallowed, although he did not say anything, his innocent gaze however clearly expressed— that's right, in my mind, you are a good friend who is very loyal.
Caesar felt some helplessness. He lightly placed his hand on Lin Yuan's shoulder and said seriously: "But I'm not, Xiao Yuan. I've never consider you to only be a friend. I have liked you for a long time."
Lin Yuan: "......"
Caesar said in a low voice: "Everything that I have done before was all because I like you. Whether it be assisting you in practicing mechs or taking you as a disciple over the Internet to teach you all kinds of operating skills...... I want to be with you. I want to see you happy. I was worried that you'd feel pressured after I told you, so I didn't say anything." Caesar paused, "In reality, I have always wanted to stay at your side, I have never considered you as a mere friend it's all because...... I like you. I want to stay at your side, do you understand?"
Lin Yuan: "......"
Caesar slightly lowered his head, his gaze was tenderly and softly looking at the youth in front of him, "Xiao Yuan, I genuinely and sincerely want to be with you. Give me a chance, let me be your Alpha, okay?"
Lin Yuan: "......"
Not only is the feeling of being confessed to by someone truly way too strange, but it was also a confession from his male dormitory roommate?
Ever since Lin Yuan was able to formulate sensible thoughts, he had always dreamed of marrying a beautiful and kindhearted Beta girl, creating a happy family, and then taking his mom and sister to live a good life. After inexplicably becoming an Omega, although it was hard to accept for a long time, he nevertheless can't avoid accepting his current situation.
But even though he became an Omega, to him, neither his dreams nor beliefs changed.
He still wants to continue attending school under the identity of a Beta, and after he graduates, he wants to take his mom and sister to live a quiet and stable life.
He will not be perfectly willing to become an Alpha's accessory to be shut off in a home to bear and raise children for someone just because he is an Omega. Even if he can no longer get married to a Beta girl, he doesn't want to get married to a man and give birth to a child either.
Caesar is a very good person. But to Lin Yuan, he is a friend, a buddy, a good brother who can fight alongside him.
—The only thing he cannot be is a lover.
After a long silence, Lin Yuan awkwardly scratched his head and moved his line of sight away from Caesar's face.
What should he say? In the face of this Alpha roommate's confession, how should he respond?
This is indeed worrying him to death......
Good buddies don't do it, insisting on intertwining on whether they like or don't like is a senseless problem, wouldn't it just lead to looking for somewhere to place the blame?
Lin Yuan bitterly pursed his brows. After thinking it over for a long time, he looked up at Caesar and said: "Caesar, as far as I'm concerned you are truly a very important, very precious friend. We can just continue being friends like this. Isn't that good enough......"
Caesar: "......"
Looking into Lin Yuan's expectant eyes, Caesar is simply speechless.
Friend? The nape of his neck was bitten by him, he even has his mark on his body...... Does this kind of friend exist? Is it necessary to wait until the person has eaten everything and wiped their plate clean before you realize that I don't see you as a friend?
The only thing this little Omega monster has going on in his head all day long is mech operation and military history. Towards emotions however, he never gives it a thought.
The little guy was such a hard nut to crack, it's only natural that he can't get it through his shell.
He faces this ignorant youth before him who still doesn't have the slightest clue about what liking is, a person has never even moved his heart before. If his relationship history is a blank sheet of paper, then, in that case, Caesar will personally paint a vibrant color on that blank sheet of paper.
Caesar believes that as long as he continues to work hard, Xiao Yuan will accept it sooner or later.
Soon after thinking of this, Caesar no longer pressured Lin Yuan to give an immediate reply and changed the subject: "Don't worry, I won't force you...... As for the thing about your dad, you shouldn't be too sad either, maybe it's not that he doesn't want to see, but that he is now burdened with a heavy responsibility that makes it hard to see you. There will inevitably be an opportunity for you and your entire family to be together."
Lin Yuan nodded, "En......"
Lin Yuan was clearly frightened by Caesar's confession, he still hadn't recovered to his usual self.
Caesar saw that his face had wrinkled in an awfully vexed manner, he was forced for lack of a better choice to say: "Alright, then you should go to bed a bit earlier, and you should also get up early tomorrow morning."
Lin Yuan immediately nodded and said: "Goodnight."
After impatiently sending this dormitory roommate Caesar out of the door, Lin Yuan turned his body around and saw a white ball of hair lying on the bed, a pair of dark eyes gleaming at him.
Lin Yuan: "......"
Hobby, this little guy was unexpectedly laying down there and eavesdropping all along?
Lin Yuan gave him a helpless glance, grabbed him and placed it properly in his nest, he poked his ear and said: "Lie down and go to sleep."
Hobby was very happy to curl up into a ball and go to sleep.
At the bottom of his heart, however, he thought, a few days prior, he saw with his own eyes on the spaceship the entire process of Brian marking Snow. Today he once again listened to the entire process of His Highness Caesar confessing to his Owner in the bedroom...... Humans always overlook his existence, it really isn't on purpose.
***
This evening, Lin Yuan didn't get a good night's rest all throughout the night.
The whole "being confessed by a good buddy" thing is really too great of a shock for him. Even if he had not long ago just recently become aware of himself being an Omega, he had always been developing a Beta's mindset for many years. He is still mentally a Beta. He doesn't feel in the slightest that it is some joyous occasion to be confessed to by an Alpha, especially since the other party for a long time now had always been his most trusted friend.
Chapter 073. Wilderness Training
At this moment, Caesar heard White Feather's voice sound in his mind through the mech's mental communication.
"Master, master, is it really okay for us to cheat like this?"
Caesar's facial expression is undisturbed, pretending he couldn't hear.
The possibility of drawing Lin Yuan's No. 49 out of the many student ID numbers is naturally not a simple coincidence.
Caesar reached into the paper box with his right hand, donning his mech space button. White Feather is a S-Class mech, it can even maintain mental communication with its master at all times. Caesar had it do the briefest possible full-scan of the inside of the box to find Lin Yuan's student number. White Feather excitedly completed its task immediately personally delivered the slip of paper with Lin Yuan's student ID number to Caesar's hand.
As a result, the students just saw Caesar stick his hand in and casually draw out his teammate, and to one's surprise, "fortuitously" drew out Lin Yuan.
Baker who was standing beside him couldn't hold himself back from saying: "Boss, you and Caesar are truly brought together by fate, ah. Even this can be drawn out!"
Caesar turned his head and amicably smiled at Lin Yuan.
Lin Yuan however could only force a bitter smile from the bottom of his heart.
He would rather be teamed up with anyone else of the 48 students in his class, he didn't want to team up with Caesar by himself!
***
Wilderness Survival Group Training is a traditional event of the St. Romia Military Academy. It is usually selected to be carried out on the weekend after the conclusion of the theoretical class. For two days, the students will be in teams of two and traverse through the large Köln Forest on foot.
This kind of training method is a compulsory course for the military school students of the ancient earth era. Although mech combats makes up for a greater portion of the battles, mastering survival skills out in the wilderness is an essential inner quality for a soldier. Just in case you come across your mech being destroyed, the power source depleted, or other such situations, if you want to make it out alive without a hitch, you can only depend on your own human strength.
The size of the Köln Forest is quite large. Looking from a high altitude point of view, this area is a very long and narrow jungle, which spans approximately tens of thousands of kilometers, and its diameter all the way around is only over one hundred kilometers. For cadets who are really physically fit, if it was just a simple long-distance run, they would only need a single day's time to finish the distance of over 100 kilometers, but the terrain in the forest is complicated and there are even various kinds of snakes that roam about hidden to human eyes. There will certainly be countless twists and turns along the side of the road, so the instructors gave them two day's time. Without much extra effort put in, they had everyone learn through experience by putting them through staying overnight in the forest.
Knox gave each person a miniature communicator, as well as some essential items for survival in the wilderness.
There were no guns handed out within the items, a long and sharp military knife has become the main weapon for survival in the forest, and there is a compressed tent parcel for use in camping out during nighttime- this can be considered to be a kind of new experience. In this current era, all mechs have resting rooms, something like a tent has nearly become forgotten by the people. Obviously this training completely disregards the existence of mechs, forcing the students to return to the oldest era, using the human race's power in it of itself to strive for survival.
Knox finished distributing the goods and then he turned to the students to brief them: "If you encounter difficulties that you are unable to resolve, you can ask for assistance through the communicator. Those who are unable to get out of the forest by 5 pm tomorrow may also request for the air rescue squadron to immediately bring you out."
Injuries and casualties of students inevitably appear during the course of training. The wilderness survival training will be equipped with an air rescue team. Students who request for help will have their coordinates immediately pinpointed to carry out assistance. But even so, a few people will not be able to get out of the forest and will ask for the rescue team to take them out. For the students of St. Romia Military Academy, that would undoubtedly be an extremely humiliating thing, the degree of humiliation is comparable to that of a deserter on a battlefield.
Seeing the students' faces raring to go, Knox went on to say: "In order to be fair during the course of the train, I request that all students come up and hand over any mech space buttons that you carry on your person."
All of the students who possessed personal mechs very cooperatively handed over their space buttons. Caesar had just removed the white bracelet-model space button on his wrist and White Feather made a huge stink in disapproval straight away: "Master, Master, don't hand me over, can't I secretly turn into a tree leaf to follow after you? I won't be found out! As an S-Class mech, I should protect Master anytime and anywhere!"
Right at this moment, next to him, Lin Yuan also undid the red space button on the chest and handed over Suzaku to be placed in Instructor Knox's hands.
White Feather immediately changed its tune, saying: "Nevermind, forget about it, I know for certain that with Master's outstanding ability, he will be safe and sound. I'd better stay behind to protect Predecessor Suzaku then!"
Caesar: "........."
With a wooden expression, Caesar set aside this chatterbox to be in Instructor Knox's care.
Knox lowered his head to look at the watch on his wrist and said and said, "The time is now 8:30 in the morning. Next, you will be thrown into different areas of the forest according to your group. Before 5 in the afternoon tomorrow, I hope that all of you can smoothly exit from the opposite side."
Everyone immediately saluted to Instructor Knox orderly: "Understood! Instructor!"
Knox waved his hand to and fro and said: "Move out!"
***
Lin Yuan and Caesar were taken to the entrance of the forest by suspension car. Looking from left to right after landing, you cannot see another person's figure in sight.
This wilderness group training mainly observed the students' grasp of the theoretical knowledge and the mutual trust and cooperation between the two people grouped together. The 25 groups of students were each sent to the different entrances at the beginning of the Köln forest. The terrain in the forest was messy and complicated. The distance between the groups was extremely far. Unless the students got lost and disorderly walked about, it would be extremely difficult for the grouped classmates to come across one another in the forest.
-In other words, Lin Yuan had no other choice but to spend time alone with Caesar for a full two days and one night.
The two were silent for a moment, Lin Yuan bowed his head and sorted out the items that were handed out. He took the military knife sheathed in its scabbard and hung it around his waist. He got the compressed tent steadily on his back and rolled up his sleeves. Only then did he raise his head and enter the forest.
The trees growing in Köln Forest are extremely tall and dense. The dried-up yellow-colored dead leaves are spread on the ground like a thick layer of carpet and stepping down on top of it made a rustling sound. The rays of light that passed through the gaps of the tree leaves was cut into mottled fragments. In the wake of the breeze's gentle swaying, the little birds melodiously trilled every now and again, and the surrounding atmosphere became more serene and pleasant.
Lin Yuan lowered his head and walked in front with Caesar following behind him. With each succeeding rise and fall of the rustling footsteps is like an amazingly tacit concerto.
After walking down this path in silence like this, Caesar suddenly said in a low voice: "Watch out!"
Almost at that same moment, Lin Yuan's body immediately turned to the side, he used his right hand to pull out the military knife from his waist, and unhesitantly swung it over to his right to the front of himself-
Only hearing the "plop", a long dark green snake was cut in half by Lin Yuan's blade and Lin Yuan's hand movement was also fast and accurate. The snake that had spit out its tongue just a moment ago was killed with one one strike by Lin Yuan.
The dark green snake has a very beautiful and complex black pattern on its body. This is the most commonly seen viper in the Köln Forest. If you were bitten, although it wouldn't be enough to kill you, it would definitely cause injury and coma, thereby slowing down the entire journey.
Caesar looked at the already dead carcass completely cut in two fallen on the ground, only then did he slightly relax the tone of his voice.
- His little monster was never a weakling.
But, as an Alpha, a desire to protect your Omega appears, which is a kind of primordial instinct derived from nature.
Just now when he noticed the snake, Caesar's heart jumped to his throat, but luckily, Lin Yuan also promptly noticed it and dealt with it without the slightest hesitation. Fearing that Lin Yuan sustained an injury, a layer of cold-sweat even tensely appeared on Caesar's palms.
The first minor accident after entering the forest was passed through being more scared than hurt and the surroundings were quiet once again.
Lin Yuan stuck the knife back to his waist- he was just about to walk forward when Caesar suddenly pulled Lin Yuan to a stop by his arm, making him turn around to face him. The two looked at each other. Lin Yuan immediately removed his gaze lowered his head downwards to look at Caesar's grip on his hand, indicating for him to let go
Caesar however did not let go of his hold, but instead softly laughed and asked: "Do you plan to ignore me for the entireity of these two days?"
Lin Yuan: "........."
After staying silent for a moment, Lin Yuan awkwardly glanced at Caesar, he spoke in all seriousness: "We shouldn't get too close. You have marked me. Your pheromones will affect me. Whenever you're close by, something about my body doesn't feel very right." As soon as he finished speaking, he shook off Caesar's hand, walking forward keeping to himself, adding in a whisper: "I had better keep a certain distance, I'll walk in front."
Looking at the youth who set out walking forward with a drooping head, Caesar could not help but stare blankly ahead for a bit-
Pheromones are affecting his body?
At that time in the Imperial Palace after completing the mark, was he not issued an inhibitor? An inhibitor plus a temporary mark, at the very least within these three months, the Omega pheromones inside Lin Yuan should be content with their lot being suppressed and the level of pheromone presently in his blood should already be brought down to nearly zero. At such a negligible level, how could it suddenly act up again?
The answer seems to be on the verge of spilling out, but Caesar is far too pleasantly surprised to dare believe it.
If his body feels odd even after being issued an inhibitor, then there is only one possibility in that case-
It's got nothing to with the mutual influence of pheremones, rather someone's heart has been moved.
Your heartbeat speeding up when I'm close, this has nothing to do with the level of your pheromones, but you are... nervous...?
Looking at Lin Yuan's retreating figure, Caesar finally couldn't help but slightly lift his lips up.
His little monster has started to understand things properly at last, but the direction he's going about understanding things seems a bit amiss. He was obviously moved, yet he still obstinately thought that it was the influence of pheromones after being marked, so he deliberately avoided Caesar, hiding from him for a whole half of a month.
However, it does not matter, Caesar is quite patient towards his Omega nature.
Since slow little guy has him in his heart, there will inevitably be a day where he can have Lin Yuan say out of his own mouth those four words "I like you."
Caesar went up to keep in pace with Lin Yuan's footsteps in quite a good mood.
The two kept a distance of approximately two meters, one in front and one in the back, but Caesar felt that their hearts seemed to gradually be getting closer.
***
This area on eta Ursae Majoris Starfield was opened up for development as a military base. In reality, the climatic conditions are not pleasant at all. The difference of the temperatures between day and night is enormous. It is like being inside a stove during the day, but it is like chilling in an icehouse at night.
There are not many wild animals on this planet. Although the Köln Forest is relatively dangerous, there are no other aggressive carnivores except for a large amount of highly venomous snakes. The beasts such as tigers, wolves, leopards and so on simply do not exist on this planet. In this group wilderness training, so long as they can cope well with the vipers, do not lose their way and accurately forge ahead, it will not be too much of a great difficulty for Lin Yuan and Caesar.
With Caesar's abnormally sensitive sense of smell and hearing, as long as the snakes approach, the subtle sounds of them slithering against the dead leaves cannot escape his ears. Plus, Lin Yuan's reactions are also extrordinarily quick. More often than not, the vipers had still not had the time to stick their tongues out before he cleanly cuts them to the ground with his blade.
Although the two of them didn't exchange many words, their compatibility however is matchlessly well-coordinated. All along the way can also be regarded as threatening, but of no danger to them.
The little Omega monster, fellow classmate Lin Yuan, has always been very gifted in fighting. Under the personal guidance of the former Battalion Commander of the Dark Night Legions Personal Guard Battalion, Zhou Yi, Lin Yuan's fighting level is very remarkable. When he walks ahead and encounters God, he kills God, when he encounters Buddha, he kills Buddha. His awe-inspiring appearance even gives the impression of a gallant warrior.
Caesar really admires the force of his Omega.
As opposed to unilateral protection, this feeling of being able to fight side by side with the person you like is actually even better.
The two men walked for more than 50 kilometers on foot, and the rays of light from the gaps of the forest were gradually dimming. At last, evening fell and the two gradually penetrated deeply into the hinterland of the forest.
Caesar has long since wordlessly kept up with Lin Yuan's footsteps and changed from one in front and one in the back to each side by side and in a row.
The Alpha who marked him getting closer made Lin Yuan's heart suddenly pound, but after all, in the middle of a forest, having too great of a distance between his companion is not at all good for looking out for each other. Plus, apart from his heartbeat speeding up, his body has no other anomalies. Lin Yuan could only bear with it for the time being.
There are still another two-thirds left of the route to be traveled, the color of the sky is darkening too. They must speed up and heighten their vigilance.
After forging ahead a short distance, the sound of running water suddenly arrived in his ears. The two walked a few steps forward and saw a river as expected.
The river is very wide and the river water is clear. Standing on the river bank, you can clearly see the stones of various colors scattered at the floorbed of the river, but the middle of the river is too deep to see the bottom, and neither of them can accurately estimate the depth there.
Caesar started to ask: "Can you swim?"
Lin Yuan started to talk saying: "Are we swimming across?"
The two men's minds acted as one as they simultaneously spoke up and also simultaneously closed their mouths.
Caesar turned his head around, he smiled and looked at Lin Yuan saying: "I don't have any problems, what about you?"
Lin Yuan avoided his gaze and said: "Me neither."
After Lin Yuan finished speaking, Caesar took off his coat and his military boots with agile movements, rolling up his trouser legs. Caesar gathered two branches and passes one over to Lin Yuan. He took Lin Yuan's field pack off with no trouble. He packed the clothes he took off and put them into a bundle. He put it back onto his back and said: "I'll scout out a path first, you follow close behind me."
"Okay." Lin Yuan did not use any unnecessary words either, he carefully nodded toward Caesar.
Caesar used the branch to explore the floor bed of the river and took the lead to walk in with bare feet. Lin Yuan immediately followed his footsteps.
At this time, it was the beginning of spring, the river water was ice-cold and biting, Lin Yuan was so freezing that he shivered, but he quickly adapted to it. He clenched his teeth and continued to move forward. The river gradually became deeper and soon his knees were submerged. Until the moment it almost reached his waist, Lin Yuan had to cast aside the branch and prepare to swim forward.
Right at this moment, a part of his calf suddenly became slightly numb-
The strange pain died out in an instant, seemingly like being bitten by something, and yet it was as if it was only some sort of hallucination.
Lin Yuan looked down with a blank gaze. The sky was getting darker, he wasn't able to see the bottom of the water clearly, he also couldn't tell what had bitten him either. Although Lin Yuan was a little uneasy, he didn't have the time to carefully think it over at the moment. Seeing that Caesar was swimming forward, Lin Yuan had to keep up with him at full speed.
The river was very wide, and Lin Yuan and Caesar spent nearly 20 minutes trying to swim with much difficulty to the river back.
Their clothes were already all wet, and the gusts of wind were so cold they shivered, and the color of the sky was completely dark too. Inside the forest, a dense layer of fog raised ip, their surroundings were dreadfully quiet. It was obviously not suitable to advance in.
Caesar soon suggested: "It is better for us to rest first, you are responsible for making a fire, I will set up the tent."
Lin Yuan couldn't think of a better option so he nodded his head in approval.
A moment ago when Caesar took the tent and both of their coats and all packed and crammed into a field pack before swimming over. The field pack he packed the tent in was made of plastic. It just happened to be waterproof. The jackets were not wet. Later on, he could take his wet clothes off to dry and put on the jacket.
Caesar quickly found an open space and prepared to set up the tent.
Seeing that there were two small tents in the parcel, Caesar gave it a thought and secretly hid one of them in a place where Lin Yuan wouldn't see it. Pretending that he only put one down, he quickly set up the tent with an undisturbed expression.
When he turned back, the sky was completely black. Lin Yuan had made a fire next to him, he can't help but further kindle the fire. He also carefully swept clean all the encompassing tree leaves.
At this moment, the boy is sitting by the bonfire is rubbing his hands gently, holding them up against the fire to get warmth. Against the backdrop of the fire, his face seems to be stained with a layer of red. His clear jet-black eyes dance in the sporadic fire light. Both of his eyes are like a canopy for the brightest stars shining in the sky.
The cold night wind in the clear forest was undoubtedly bone-chilling, but looking at the scene of his own Omega peacefully sitting there warming up by a fire, made the bottom of Caesar's heart suddenly warm up.
Camping out in the wilderness is definitely an arduous situation. Having Lin Yuan at his side, makes Caesar feels as happy as if he going on vacation with his Omega.
Caesar picked up two branches from the side, and then walked over to Lin Yuan's side. He handed both the dry and clean military jacket and branches over to him and said softly: "Wet clothes and pants all need to be taken off and dried off, if you wear wet clothes like this you'll catch a cold."
Seeing Lin Yuan slightly hesitating, Caesar walked away of his own accord and said, "I'll go get some food."
Caesar rolled up his trouser legs and turned into the river to catch fish, although as far as wilderness survival goes, he doesn't have any experience. But at this time, the keen senses his Father nurtured from a young age were of the greatest help to him. Caesar's vision, sense of smell, and sense of hearing were all extremely sharp, he quickly used a branch to fork up a few big and plump fish and walked back to beside the bonfire. After a simple treatment, he prepared to grill the fish.
The two walked all day long, and their stomachs were running on empty. They had to eat something to recover their stamina.
Caesar handled four fish and stuck them on the branch and prepared to roast them. Turning his head to the side to take a look, Lin Yuan had already taken off his drenched shirt and pants and put it up on the side to dry by the fire. He draped the thick military jacket over his body, arms wrapped around his knees as he sat down warming himself up by the fire, his fair chest was fairly discernable under the military jacket, and a portion of his calves were also exposed...
This kind of half-covered, half-exposed picture makes his heart stir even more than a fully nude one.
Caesar glanced at his slender legs and couldn't help but swallow and immediately move his gaze off to the side.
Sitting across from him on the other side of the fire, Caesar also took off his wet clothes and hung them on the branches to dry by the fire. Sitting cross-legged on the ground, he imitated Lin Yuan's look and draped his military coat over his shoulders to keep warm.
This 18-year-old Alpha has developed very well, his body is strong and robust to the highest order of perfection, his chest is wide, his legs are slender and powerful, and the six abdominal muscles on his abdomen are both strong and beautiful. Lin Yuan raised his head to take a quick look at him and to his utter befuddlement as to why, his heart began to beat rapidly. Separated by the burning bonfire sharing a heart-to-heart like this, both of their eyes seems to dance in the fire light. The atmosphere seemed to be especially ambiguous.
The two did not speak, only the crackling of the branches as they burned were left in their ears.
Lin Yuan sat down for a long time and felt that his legs were getting a bit numb. He changed his position and extended his right leg out.
At this moment, Caesar suddenly stepped forward. He grabbed Lin Yuan's ankle, pulled his right leg into his arms. He pointed at the area above his ankle, and asked with concern:"Your leg is injured?"
Lin Yuan looked down and sure enough, saw a wound on the lower part of his leg.
At this moment, the skin around the wound has become clearly red and inflamed, it looks especially sinister under the light of the fire.
The author has something to say:
The protagonist's welfare [Two-People Wilderness Volume] starting up ~~
(
TN
: I'm editing this during class lmao. Or in other words, lightly skimmed it whilst pretending to be paying attention and taking notes on Federalism in Government class. Suffice to say, it's probably terrible but Ill give it another once over when I get home!)
Chapter 074. Wilderness Group Training
While crossing the river, Lin Yuan had really felt a faint tingling sensation as if he had been bitten by something, only, at that time, it was too dark to see anything that was happening in the river clearly. That feeling was very slight, the wound wasn't hurting or itching so Lin Yuan rushed across the river and did not pay attention to it. He did not expect that in mere moments, that wound would actually be red and swollen at this point. The surrounding skin was all swollen up in a huge lump. The contrast between his left and right leg looks a bit ridiculous.
Caesar looked at the wound, and soon arrived at the conclusion that: "Did you get bitten by a snake along the way?"
Lin Yuan said: "I seem to have been bitten while crossing the river, the wound doesn't hurt, I'll just......"
Coming into contact with Caesar's reproachful line of sight, Lin Yuan had no choice but to let the rest of his words die in his throat.
He had indeed been too careless. Seeing that the wound was very small and did not hurt or itch, he had even thought that he was lightly nipped by a small fish in the water. He didn't expect it to be a water snake. There really was a kind of snake in the river water of the Köln Forest the width of a human finger with an extremely fast mobility speed. The poison released by this kind of water snake is full of vigor. After mere moments, his whole lower leg swelled up. Thankfully, this type of snake venom does not pose a threat to human life, but if the wound is not treated in time, it will most likely swell to the size of an elephant leg by tomorrow and there would be no way for him to walk.
Fortunately, the instructors sent out some emergency medicines, Caesar turned around and rummaged through the inside of the bag of items to take out a tube of ointment. He walked up to Lin Yuan and kneeled down on one knee, gingerly and carefully pulling his leg into his arms.
Lin Yuan hurriedly said: "I will do it myself."
Lin Yuan wanted to pull his leg back, but Caesar tightly grabbed his ankle and said in a low voice: "Don't flail about."
Lin Yuan: "........."
Lin Yuan had no choice, he stiffly didn't dare to flail about.
His bare calf was placed in Caesar's arms, his toes were pressed right into his lower abdomen. The tips of his toes could even feel the strong muscles and scorching body temperature of his abdomen...
This kind of position made Lin Yuan very embarrassed. He also doesn't know if it is because the fire is burning too fiercely, but his ears had been roasted to the point of being somewhat scorching hot.
On the contrary, Caesar had a composed appearance, and with a serious face, he lowered his head down to treat Lin Yuan's wound.
Caesar lightly squeezed out the pus in the wound and used the palm of his hand to evenly apply the ointment on his injury. He slowly smeared it with a gentle touch. In order to speed up the absorption of the medicine, he also softly massaged Lin Yuan's lower leg.
Lin Yuan had only felt a trace of a slightly cool chill pass through the red and swollen part of his calf, his face, however, can't help but heat up.
Both of them are men, having his leg be massaged in the arms of the other party is honestly way too embarrassing...
Caesar gently massages Lin Yuan's calf for a very long time until the ointment had been completely spread out upon the red and swollen. It was only after this that he let go of Lin Yuan.
Lin Yuan immediately pulled his foot back and pretended to calmly hang his head.
The two sat together beside the bonfire to roast the fish meat, Lin Yuan had been attentively watching the fish in front of him from start to finish, but Caesar's sight has been attentively watching Lin Yuan from start to finish.
The stars that fill the whole sky are just like small sparkling diamonds sprinkled in the sky. The bonfire is burning very well. Those flames throb as if acting in concert with the frequency of both of their heartbeats. The crackling of the burning branches reaches their ears and is occasionally mixed with the cries of the insects in the forest. The fragrance of the roasting meat drifts through the air, the freshness of the fish meat's smell is pleasant.
In the quietness of the wildernesses late at night, they sat quietly together beside the bonfire, as if the two of them were the only people left in the entire world.
Trust each other, depend on each other.
Even if he looks back on it a long time from now, that scene will still be as warm as spring in Caesar's memories.
***
Caesar very quickly finished roasting the fish meat and the fragrance of the roasted meat was could be smelled. Lin Yuan's stomach immediately rumbled in response. Caesar lightly laughed and handed the biggest fish to him. Lin Yuan rushed to express his thanks and took the roasted fish and gobbled it up.
He hasn't eaten all day long, his stomach was completely empty.
Although there was no seasoning added, the fish meat that is roasted in the wild is particularly delicious to eat when you are starving.
Lin Yuan soon finished off the big fish and couldn't help but look up at Caesar and say: "It tastes really good."
The little guy whose eyes shine at the fish meat resembles a big gluttonous cat with a swishing tail.
Caesar smiled and handed him another fish.
Lin Yuan immediately accepted the proffered fish without any politeness and immersed himself in eating it.
After eating two big fishes in succession, he filled his stomach at last. Lin Yuan contently wiped his mouth and said: "It's gotten late, how about we go rest early? There is still a long journey we need to walk tomorrow."
It's already ten o'clock at night, they worked hard all day long. The two must preserve and nurture their spirits to properly carry out to tomorrow's distance. Seeing that Caesar had no objections, Lin Yuan took the shirts and pants that had just been dried by the fire and put them on. He turned, walking over towards the tent.
When Caesar walked into the tent getting dressed, Lin Yuan was right in the middle of arranging the quilt inside.
Seeing that Caesar came in, Lin Yuan was a little embarrassed: "This tent is too small..."
The small tent with a width of only one and a half meters wide has the two boys lying side by side, leaving hardly any gap of space left between them.
Caesar didn't tell Lin Yuan that there was actually two tents handed out in the tent parcel. He only set up one tent. Naturally, it was because it was too cold at night, having the two men sleep in one small tent would make it even more nice and warm and they would also be able to look after each other. They can even conveniently chat to further advance the feelings between the two of them.
As for the tent being too small...
Cough cough, of course this was just because it was made for one person to lie down in.
Caesar secretly hid a tent away, but on the surface he said with a nonchalant face: "It doesn't matter, squeeze in."
Lin Yuan didn't have any good suggestions either.
After all, in the wilderness, how could he have a big bed more than two meters wide for him to roll around on to sleep? Having a tent already is pretty good, at least he doesn't have to sleep outside in gusts of the night's cold winds.
Chapter 075. Wilderness Group Training
After reaching his climax in Caesar's hand, Lin Yuan nestled into Caesar's warm embrace. Just like a fully sated cat, his whole body was lazy and did not want to move. The lingering bliss of that intense pleasure was like a tidal wave that slowly washed through every pore on his body, making Lin Yuan's whole body feel incomparably nice and relaxed.
Probably because he had been injected with inhibitors from a young age, Lin Yuan had been unusually apathetic towards desires and after growing up, he had very rarely masturbated. His interests were all placed in mech operation and all kinds of military matters in history. In this field, he is very inexperienced. And so today, the both strange and intense pleasure that Caesar brought about in his body when he helped him with his hand was just like suddenly opening a door to a new world in front of Lin Yuan's eyes.
—This sort of experience is very new and exciting.
His heartbeat is still just as excessively as fast as before. Lin Yuan took in a deep breath and settled his mind. He adjusted his posture a bit and had just been about to go to sleep when he suddenly felt a hot and hard thing poking right against his abdomen. Through his military pants, that hard thing is like a trapped beast, and when he gets close, he can even feel the fierce throbbing from it.
Caesar's lower part has long-since been achingly hard. Poking against Lin Yuan's lower abdomen separated by his pants, Caesar restrained himself from giving in to the impulse to push the little guy down in front of him. Lightly holding Lin Yuan's hand, he guided his hand and placed it on top of that place. He said in a low voice: "Help me, okay?"
Lin Yuan: "......"
Caesar's deep and low voice reveals a wisp of strange hoarseness, which sounds especially erotic in the quiet tent.
The palm of his hand can feel the distinct outline of his hard length. Lin Yuan hesitated for a moment, then he imitated Caesar's actions and gently reached out his hand to remove his leather belt.
In Lin Yuan's views, no matter if it is a friend or a lover, both of them should treat each other fairly and with reciprocation. Caesar had just helped him a moment ago. He should also help Caesar once. It is best for the two to help each other and not come to mutual grief.
Lin Yuan made a firm resolution and carefully undid Caesar's leather belt.
Since this was the first time he did this kind of thing, Lin Yuan's movements seemed somewhat shaky. He clumsily pulled Caesar's underwear down. His stiff erection immediately sprung out from inside. The scalding heat and the intimidating size made Lin Yuan's scalp burst into a fit of numbness. But he nevertheless bore with the strange feeling of discomfort and lightly held Caesar's length.
While they both have the same equipment, an Alpha's will be much bigger than an Omega's. Lin Yuan nearly couldn't hold it with only one hand, the raised veins and blood vessels exposed on his scalding shaft vigorously pulsated in the palm of his hand. Holding the other side's sensitive region— this sort of feeling is very magical.
Lin Yuan lightly touched it somewhat inquisitively, then imitated Caesar's actions and began to rub his hand along up and down.
—Caesar's whole body was as frozen as a statue.
Past all his expectations, with a casual "help me", Lin Yuan really helped him to his surprise......
This Omega's line of thinking is obviously out of the ordinary. In his view, there is probably no such thing as "shyness". Fellow classmate Lin Yuan is very straightforward, calm, and brazen. In an oversimplified and crude way, he completely comprehends this as a type of "fair principle"—since you helped me, then I will help you too. If we help each other, no one will suffer.
He did not know how much sweetness and torture this kind of action had for Caesar.
Caesar's breathing almost immediately grew heavy.
His erection was being lightly gripped by the Omega he liked. Just imagining that image is enough to make Caesar endlessly stirred up. Let alone that Lin Yuan also has a very high spirit for exploring to learn from Caesar's movements just then. He kneaded his balls and touches the front end for a while, his slender fingers hold his shaft and rhythmically slide up and down. He very earnestly and very patiently moves to win Caesar over.
—Caesar is nearly losing his mind.
His scalding length was being held in Lin Yuan's slightly cooler hand and Caesar felt that he was simply on the brink of the border between heaven and hell.
At first, it was very hard to restrain himself. Lin Yuan's actions were like he was scratching the wrong itch. Surprisingly, however, it caused Caesar's desire to grow even more past what he was capable of enduring. Even his breathing grew heated, filled with impassioned lust.
Lin Yuan tormented him for quite a while yet he found that Caesar hadn't released his desire at all. To his surprise, the thing in the palm of his hand was inconceivably swelling up another size. Lin Yuan almost couldn't wrap his hand around it and his wrists were also a bit sore, but that place of Caesar's didn't give him any face and grew increasingly harder.
Just when Lin Yuan embarrassingly didn't know what to do, Caesar suddenly grabbed Lin Yuan's hand gently, whispering: "Xiao Yuan......"
His deliberately lowered voice makes it seem as if he was putting forth his utmost effort to endure something.
Lin Yuan wanted to loosen his hand, but he suddenly tightened his grip on him.
Caesar tightly held Lin Yuan's hand and immediately sped up the rhythm. Lin Yuan's movements just now were too gentle, it was only tickling him. It was simply more than Caesar could bear! He naturally understands that of his own body very well, he has mastered the intensity and frequency of his movements very skillfully. Only, today's "self-comfort" is completely different than what he is used to. Although he is leading the movement, the layer of Lin Yuan's hand still stands between his hand from his hard-on.
Lin Yuan's hand is still the one in direct contact with his erection.
He was grasped on that place by the slender fingers of Lin Yuan, Caesar felt so pleasurable that he almost wanted to come immediately. He even wanted to directly overwhelm this thick-skinned little guy to eat him up clean on the spot. However, considering the following training assignment, Caesar nevertheless ultimately used his extremely strong self-control to restrain his urges.
Caesar tightly clasped Lin Yuan's hand and set off into rubbing up and down, letting the youth's slender fingers stroke his scalding length over and over again. Only until Lin Yuan's palms were nearly bursting into flames by the violent friction did Caesar suddenly arch his back and finally release.
Lin Yuan's hand was immediately covered with a sticky fluid and an awful lot of it. It almost dirtied his whole palm and some shot at Lin Yuan's lower abdomen.
Caesar caught his breath for a moment, then let go of his hand and took out the communicator to switch on the light. He found a towel and pulled Lin Yuan's hand up. He carefully wiped away clean the stuff he had left behind.
It was very quiet inside the tent, it was so quiet that you could practically distinctly hear the sound of the wind and the cries of the insects outside.
Under the warm yellow light, the male student lowered his head carefully as well as conscientiously wiped his fingers clean for him. A single drop of sweat flowed down the contours of the sharply cut outline of the profile of his face, it looked handsome and sensual.
That picture abruptly made the bottom of Lin Yuan's heart faintly stir. Beyond any reasonable explanation, he extended his only other unoccupied left hand and softly placed it on the top of Caesar's head. Then...... petted him rather like a house pet and gently stroked Caesar's hair.
Caesar was suddenly struck dumb. He raised his head up and was met with Lin Yuan's shining jet-black eyes.
The youth's face still bears a slight trace a red from the post-haze of desire, his face is reflected in his clear eyes. At this moment, he is earnestly as well as single-mindedly looking at himself, the corners of his lips wear a shallow smiling expression. He appears to have something on his mind.
Caesar asked in a soft voice: "What are you thinking about?"
Lin Yuan sincerely said: "I'm thinking that you don't resemble a prince one bit."
Those legendary stories and the royal princes in TV shows which are aloof and remote with awe-inspiring authority and prestige, while Caesar, however, was so low-key and steady. Just now when he injured a part of his leg, he kneeled down on one knee and applied medicine for him. After they finished solving their physical problems, he also attentively found a towel and helped him wipe his hand. If this scene was seen by others, they would definitely think that Lin Yuan was the prince and Caesar was merely the most loyal bodyguard at his side.
Human hearts are not made of stone. How can Lin Yuan not be moved when Caesar treats him like this?
Seeing Caesar's appearance as he lowered his head in front of him, Lin Yuan couldn't help but reach out and touch his head to show encouragement.
This kind of comforting action similar to "smoothing hair" is greatly heartening to Caesar. While Caesar pretending to be undisturbed on the outside, in his mind however he was actually endlessly stirred up.
Lin Yuan finally got things straight and also learned to respond at last.
So, this is the so-called happiness of "
the adjoining clouds will eventually scatter to reveal the bright moon
"?
(
TN
: I liked the imagery it had going on in the original Chinese better but the English equivalent would be "a rainbow comes after every storm.")
***
That night, the two men held each other as they slept in a small tent. It was probably because their bodies had been thoroughly exhausted following their orgasms, but both of them slept very well, and throughout the night they dreamlessly slept until daybreak.
When Lin Yuan woke up, Caesar had long-since gotten out of bed. He lifted the tent flap open to go out and right away was met with the sight of Caesar preparing to light a fire to roast fish. Seeing Lin Yuan, he smiled and said: "Go wash your face real quick and come eat breakfast."
A light gust of wind blew directly at his face, the early morning air of the forest was exceptionally fresh and clean. The melodious trills and calls of the encompassing little birds, the sound of the water in the river flowing to the side, and the rustling sound of the breeze blowing through the tree leaves blended together, making the whole world seem full of life.
The bustling image of Caesar in front of the bonfire nevertheless adds a touch of comfort and warmth to this lively morning.
Lin Yuan turned and walked to the riverside, he took a deep breath of the forest's fresh air. He then crouched down and used the river water to wash his face.
The cold water splashed across his cheeks, his tiredness evaporated and he immediately became full of energy. The smell of roasting fish came from the nearby fire. Although it was wilderness training and so early, Lin Yuan feels it was exceptionally beautiful this morning.
Walking over to the side of the bonfire, Caesar has already finished roasting the fish and habitually handed Lin Yuan the biggest one.
Lin Yuan walked to his side and took a seat. He accepted the fish he had passed over and tore off a chunk of meat and popped it into his mouth— why does he suddenly think that the fish that Caesar personally roasted in the wilderness was even more delicious and tender than the various kinds of simmer-fried and steamed fish in the dining hall?
The two hurriedly ate their fill and then sorted out their luggage before continuing on their way.
Walking forward side by side, they didn't walk for more than a few steps before hearing a peal of sounds, reminiscent of the sound of some animals running. The sounds grew louder and louder, they were quickly getting closer to here, Lin Yuan vigilantly halted his footsteps, Caesar also came to a stop at the same time. The two men stood in their current position back to back with a tacit understanding and clenched the military knife tightly in their hands.
After a short period of time passed, they only saw a herd of white antelopes appear in their field of view. The antelopes seemed to be having a morning exercise session. They disinclined to even glance at the two people and ran straight by the two of them, completely ignoring these two humans.
Lin Yuan: "......"
Caesar: "......"
Until the herd of antelopes faded away into the distance, the two men embarrassedly glanced at each other face to face and couldn't help but simultaneously fall into laughter.
Lin Yuan withdrew the military knife and smiled, saying: "We are too tensed up. I already heard that the most dangerous thing in this forest is the poisonous snakes. Other animals such as reindeer and antelope will not attack humans at all."
Caesar also smiled and said: "En, let's continue on forward, be careful of the ground."
Lin Yuan nodded. "You be careful too. The dead leaves here are very thick. There might be a snake hidden underneath."
Unlike yesterday's heaviness, today's atmosphere is clearly a lot better. Lin Yuan also takes the initiative to talk with Caesar. After going through their exchanges last night, the two seemed to become more deeply connected. When they ran into a few viper attacks along the way, both of them coordinated with each other and averted disaster without a hitch.
By the time it was noon, Lin Yuan and Caesar had already completed walking nearly 90% of the distance they just had the final more than ten kilometers left before they could reach the exit.
The midday weather was sizzling hot, and Caesar suggested they take a quick break. The two found a big tree and sat down in the shade. The roasted fish made by Caesar in the morning that was put in some vacuum-sealed packaging in his backpack was just taken out for lunch.
In the wilderness, they can only be self-sufficient with their food. After eating fish for two days in a row, the fish meat that he had just begun to think was delicious and tasty was also becoming bland as he ate it now. But it is already pretty good that he is able to fill his stomach. Lin Yuan is not picky about food either and swallows a few mouthfuls of fish meat down to quell the emptiness of his stomach.
After half an hour of rest, their physical strength almost fully recovered, and the two got up and started their journey.
Lin Yuan stood up and patted the dirt on his trousers. He suddenly heard a "ding" sound coming from underneath his feet. It seemed that he had stepped on something. Lin Yuan distrustfully used the branches to poke away the thick leaves on the ground. The only thing hiding underneath the cover of the dead leaves was an unmoving circular metal object lying still on the ground.
Lin Yuan squatted down to take a closer look and finally recognized it—
A military badge.
On the backside of all the badges will have the flying eagle logo of the Emperor's XX Department engraved upon it, which is naturally the symbol of the Emperor's XX Department. But the decorative design on the front side of the badge varies greatly legion to legion. For example, the Hydra Legion will have a dark green serpentine totem engraved. The badge of the Rose Legion will have a white background with a platinum-gold trimmed Japanese rose flower. The badge of the Glory Legion has a golden sun design engraved on it......
At present, the badge that Lin Yuan saw is a dark purple on the front side and is engraved with the logo of thunder and lightning. The edge is plated with gold that glistens under the light of the sunshine. The craftsmanship of the badge is very fine. Even though it has been left behind in the forest for many years, after wiping it off, it will be just as bright as before without the slightest signs of rust.
A purple badge...... This should be the hallmark of the Thunder Legion.
For what reason would a badge of the Thunder Legion appear in this forest?
Seeing that Lin Yuan squatted down and was looking at something there, Caesar walked up to his side and asked, "What's going on?"
Lin Yuan stood up and passively picked up the badge on the ground and passed it over to Caesar, "I found this on the ground."
Caesar took it and gave it a look, he said in confusion: "A badge of the Thunder Legion? What is this doing here?"
Lin Yuan also said in confusion: "I think it is a bit strange too, I remember that the Thunder Legion has always been stationed in the Capital Star, isn't that so?"
Caesar slightly pursed his brows.
There are quite a few large galaxies administrative regions in the Empire, and each of the six major legions is responsible for their own duties. The Glory Legion led by Rosen is responsible for warfare on the front line. General Auguste Orlando of the Thunder Legion and General Udir Shaman of the Rose Legion have always led their troops to be stationed in the Cepheus Galaxy, and several other legions also ordinarily station themselves in their respective galaxies.
Each soldier of the Empire should receive the badge of a Legion after he or she officially becomes a member of the Legion. He or she is required to wear it on their military uniform to mark them as a member of the Legion. This kind of badge hold extremely important significance to a soldier, it is absolutely impossible for it to have been voluntarily abandoned.
Caesar looked at the badge in his hand and was silent for a moment. He said in a low voice: "Let's look around in the nearby vicinity, there might be other discoveries."
Lin Yuan also has this intention, the two looked at each other face to face, and no longer spoke any superfluous words. They very well-coordinatedly went to individually look around
A moment later, Lin Yuan found another badge in the grass three meters away in the underbrush, and Caesar also found one under a tree.
The two met up once again and put the three badges together. Neither of them said anything for a short while.
—These three badges are like carbon copies, all of them are the badges of the Thunder Legion. The purple front side and the golden bordered rim are luminously dazzling, shining under the rays of light. Because badges of legions do not change easily, they can't make out which period of time these badges are a part of.
Caesar was silent for a moment and whispered: "There are two possibilities. First, several soldiers of the Thunder Legion accidentally left their badges here when they passed by, however, there are three badges. The probability of three people simultaneously leaving them behind is honestly way too low...... Second is that the owners of the badges deliberately or possibly were compelled by circumstances to leave them behind here."
Caesar paused, "If it is the second case, then owners of these badges...... it all probably points to disaster."
Lin Yuan thought about it and felt that Caesar's inferences were very reasonable.
The probability that three people lost their badges in the same place is honestly way too small. Unless there something had happened here, such as fighting, possible dangers, or even a danger to their lives, that would be the reason why the badge that soldiers regard as their convictions would be simultaneously left behind.
Lin Yuan looked to Caesar and said: "But the Thunder Legion has always been stationed in the constellation of Cepheus. Could anyone have come to the Po Military Starfield?"
Caesar twirled a purple badge gently between his fingers, he was also pondering over this issue. The Legion Administration is very strict, why would the badge of the Thunder Legion appear in the Po Military Starfield after being stationed in the Capital Star for such a long time?
Ever since he was able to coherently think, he has never heard of the Thunder Corps ever coming to Po Military Starfield.
As a military base, the Po Military Starfield has always been supervised by the Hydra Legion. The Hydra Legion is also in charge of each military exercise. Not too long ago, Udir suddenly came here with the Rose Legion. Apart from this, none of the other legions should have crossed over here.
Could it be that it had been many years ago? Such as...... before I was born?
In the eyes of Caesar, an intuitive gleam suddenly flashed in his eyes. His fingers holding the badge slightly tensed up. Turning his head back to look at Lin Yuan, he said: "19 years ago, Suzaku arbitrarily escaped from the constellation of Cepheus. It was precisely the Thunder Legion and the Phantom Legion with their two S-Class mechs who were in charge of hunting it down!"Lin Yuan's stare went blank and he immediately came to a realization, "That's right, Suzaku told me that the two mechs are called Comet and Phantom, respectively, belonging to the Thunder Legion's General Auguste Orlando and the Phantom Legion's General Ivan Stork."
Caesar nodded and said: "In the process of their punishment at that time, in addition to the two Generals' S-Class mechs, there were still innumerable warships from the two Legions that followed and provided support. Suzaku ultimately used up its power-source under the joint pursuit and attack of the two mechs. The placement of the landing...... was the Po Military Starfield."
"......" Lin Yuan was momentarily silent.
Although Suzaku had swept past this memory, sketching it out in light shades, Lin Yuan could nevertheless guess that during those years when its Master had committed the so-called "great crime", it had also been sentenced to life imprisonment. It had continuously fled from the constellation of Cepheus to the Po Military Starfield where it had then been hopelessly cornered into a dead end by the joint pursuit of the two S-Class mech's.
In those years, Po Military Starfield was the end of its flight.
After Suzaku was arrested, there would inevitably be new problems that would crop up out of nowhere, and so the two generals just directly used the top floor of the museum as Suzaku's prison.
Lin Yuan looked at the badge in Caesar's hand and asked with a complicated expression: "Do you mean that the owners of these badges might have something to do with the matter of Suzaku being put under arrest all those years ago?"
Caesar nodded, softly saying: "This is just my conjecture. Since as I remember it, the Thunder Legion has never been to the Po Military Starfield before. It was only when Suzaku has hunted down 19 years ago that some soldiers and officers followed along and came here together with General Orlando. "
The two men were mutually silent for a moment, Caesar lightly put his hand on Lin Yuan's shoulder and turned his head back to look at him, "Don't worry, put away the badges first. After we go back, we can ask Suzaku. If it's really related to it, we will find a way to get to the bottom of this matter."
Lin Yuan nodded and carefully put the three badges away.
***
At that same moment, inside the highest level confidential meeting room of the Emperor's XX Department.
Because every General of the major legions are presently in different areas and each is also preoccupied with military affairs, it is indeed way too troublesome to hold a meeting in the Capital Star. This upcoming meeting has employed the method of a long-distance network meeting. All of the regimental commanders of the military use the highest authority password to directly enter into the closed virtual network meeting room for discussion.
At 4:30 in the afternoon, the heads of the six major legions of the military eventually are all punctually present.
There are two main driving points for this meeting. One is the application General Udir submitted to transfer the Rose Legion to the Po Military Starfield, and the other is the proposal Rosen put forward to recapture the jurisdiction and authority of the Isville Galaxy right after the anniversary of the Empire.
The Isville Galaxy is enriched with natural resources. Its various kinds of minerals and raw material reserves even surpass that of Cigar Galaxy by double the amount.
Because this galaxy resides on the common boundary at the junction between the Federation and the Empire's Administrative Region, both sides want to fight over it. Nineteen years ago, the previously appointed Marshal had dispatched Ling Yu to lead the Dark Night Legion to mount a sneak attack on Naomi Star. But somehow, the Federations hostile forces had heard the wind of it in advance. The Dark Night Legion led by Ling Yu was met with an ambush near the Naomi Star. Fortunately, Rosen had good foresight to come to the scene without delay and assist Ling Yu. Even though Ling Yu was on the verge of collapse due to the failure of his inhibitor, he nevertheless still relied on his last bit of calm to let the Dark Night Legion successfully withdraw.
Since then, the Isville Galaxy has been occupied by the Federation Legion.
Over the years, Rosen has always wanted to seize the Isville Galaxy, but it has been delayed for various reasons. The other legion commanders of the military each stick to their own opinions and argue to no end. This proposal has never been passed either
This time, after the 600th Anniversary Celebration of the Empire, Rosen once again raised this proposal to campaign for the Isville Galaxy.
In addition to the rich energy reserves being a great asset for the Empire, there is another reason—
The campaigning mission for Naomi that Ling Yu had not complete back then, this is the biggest regret of Ling Yu's military career.
—If he did not complete the mission, then give it to me to complete.
Rosen's gaze unhurriedly swept across the faces of his five colleagues and he calmly began to talk: "About my proposal, we will initiate the voting process now."
(
TN
: And so the next arc begins... Who can guess will be in the spotlight this time~? And on the other hand. The name has been like officially changed? It went from 軍校生 (Cadets) to 在校生 (Students in School)? Or maybe (Enrolled Students)? Whatever. Something like that. We got three options here. Tell me what you think. I'll do what the masses want don't be afraid to call me dumb for even fretting about this. I don't bite, that's Caesar's job.)
1. Just change the name, it's not a big deal!
2. Leave it how it is, just make a note of it somewhere!
3. Waver between these options. You don't know anything. You are a fool. Steep in all of the terrible decisions you could be making by deciding. Suffer.
Chapter 076. Going into Battle
(
TN
: General Auguste Orlando has been changed to General Auguste Olaf)
As soon as Rosen's words left his mouth, the entire conference room suddenly silenced.
Among the several generalissimos in the military, Rosen is also the one who is the most obsessed over gaining jurisdiction of the Isville Galaxy.
This galaxy had originally been an uninhabited area situated near the border of the Empire. The rich energy reserves contained in the celestial bodies possess great importance to the development of the Empire. The former Marshal always wanted to occupy the Isville Galaxy, but a variety of reasons lead to the sneak attack mission failing in those years. The chief commander, Ling Yu, was expelled from the military registry and the former Marshal later died of an illness. This matter had been continuously thrown to the side.
In these few years since taking over as the Marshal, Rosen had repeatedly raised the proposal to seize Naomi Star, but the other heads of the legions voted against it.
Those celestial bodies would not only bring about a plentiful power source to the Empire but, just its geographical location alone is a space stronghold in the cosmos and a place that military strategists would certainly vie for. Rosen's determination to seize Naomi Star has always been very firm. If it were not for the military having a stipulation that "major resolutions must be decided by having all of the heads of legions vote ", Rosen would have brought his Glory Legion over to attack it a long time ago.
After a full two years of ample preparation, Rosen yet again put this previously vetoed proposal forward on the agenda.
Udir is still wearing a smile on his face. In the military's top-secret regimental command meeting, he is as calm and leisurely as if he were sitting in his dining room sipping on a coffee. His blue eyes glance over Rosen, he twirls the electronic voting pen between the fingers on his right hand and said with a smile: "The substance of Marshal's proposal this time seems to be written verbatim to the other one that was vetoed two years ago?"
Rosen nodded and said nonchalantly: "I had already written my justifications very clearly in the proposal. Naomi Star's importance to the Empire is self-evident, we must occupy it as soon as possible."
Rosen's indifferent gaze swept across the other five generals, "At the beginning of this year, the Pearl 731 passenger ship was suddenly hijacked by the Federation's hostile forces. According to the results of my investigation, the Federation's Greedy Wolf Legion had just entered the gap of a wormhole in the nearby cosmos of Naomi Star and jumped straight to the Imperial Cigar Galaxy. If this kind of thing goes on, then the several galaxies on the Imperial Frontier, not even the peoples' safety can be guaranteed! "
Apart from campaigning the Naomi Star, he also wants to complete the mission that Ling Yu didn't complete in those years. The Federation's exploitation of Naomi Star as a footrest to constantly harass people living on the border has pushed Rosen to the breaking point.
Rosen's bearing was very firm and his voice when he spoke was sonorous and powerful.
This Undefeated God of War, world-famous for his ruthlessness, has never once lost a battle since he took over as Marshal. He is very confident in capturing Naomi Star. However, as the rules passed down in the military over the last several hundred years state, any proposal that a high-ranking military officer raises must be passed through another five high-ranking military officers and reach a decision through a vote. He cannot take it upon himself.
Each of the previous proposals was three votes opposed, one vote in favor, and one vote neutral...... In favor of Rosen was his only close friend in the military, General Drew Bayh of the Hydra Legion. The one who kept a neutral approach was naturally Udir Shaman who took attending meetings as going to a tea party.
The other three people were unanimously opposed.
Rosen cast his gaze on the face of the general sitting to his right.
—the head of the Thunder Legion, the heir to the Olaf Family, Auguste.
This man's age already exceeds 180 years and he is currently the oldest out of the several military generals. However, the age of one hundred and eighty nowadays in this era can still be said to be the prime of one's life. General Olaf still looks very spirited. The man's facial features look as if they had been carved with a knife and his pair of brown eyes that were just as sharp as an eagle's. His dark, almost black, deep purple military uniform makes his figure look increasingly well-built. The four golden stars that lay abreast on his shoulders shine and glisten. Just calmly sitting there gives an intense feeling of oppression to a person.
Auguste turned his head around and brought Rosen's tranquil gaze into contact with his own. This man unexpectedly gave out a rare smile and said in a low voice: "It seems that the Marshal with regards to occupying Naomi Star is determined to win? In this case, I believe Marshal can continue maintaining his record of undefeated military victories."
After he finished saying that, he pressed the voting device in his hand.
A green squared box appears on the big screen in the conference room, indicating that his vote is...... an affirmative vote.
Rosen was lost for words, he did not expect General Olaf to vote in favor today.
Drew and Rosen were roommates in their college years. In the military, the proposal Rosen raised did not involve any principled issues. Drew always voted in favor. Naturally, this time was no different and he bluntly nodded in favor.
The two generals of the Star Legion and the Phantom Legion continued to cast a dissenting vote. The reason was that the Empire and the Federation had been waging war for many years, wasting manpower and resources. The Emperor's XX Department should place the highest importance on defense. They do not need to go attack the enemy at Naomi Star of their own accord.
Two votes in favor, two votes against, there was still the final key vote.
Rosen turned his sights to Udir. Udir smiled and touched his chin, saying: "It seems that I can no longer continue to be neutral?"
When the number of votes for and against are equal, the final vote is not allowed to be neutral or abstain. Otherwise, the proposal would have to be voted on once again.
Udir lowered his head thoughtfully, taking another look at the proposal in the e-reader, and finally, under Rosen's penetrating stare-down, he pressed down an approval with a beaming smile.
Rosen could finally relax.
Next, Udir's proposal was also voted on, and all five votes for the proposal of the Rose Legion's transfer to the Po Military Starfield passed it through. None of the generals had any objection to this. They then went on and each head of the military briefly reported the trends of each major legion during this time. The meeting soon came to a close.
As he was leaving the conference room, General Byron Warwick of the Star Legion suddenly walked in front of Rosen and said with a grave expression: "Although I still disapprove of you campaigning Naomi Star, however since the proposal has already passed, I hope that you can lead the Glory Legion to win a victory as soon as you raise your flag in this battle."
Rosen nodded and said: "I will keep your well wishes in mind."
The six generals left one after another and the 3D simulation conference room set up through the network quickly became deserted without a single soul in sight.
***
At this moment, Caesar and Lin Yuan had put away the badges and continued to move forward. On the whole way there, they repeatedly escaped from the jaws of danger. At 4:30 in the afternoon, they smoothly made it out of Köln Forest.
What Lin Yuan didn't expect was that Baker, Karl, Bertha, and the others had already reached the endpoint. He and Caesar were considered to be quite slow.
After seeing Lin Yuan, fellow classmate Baker very excitedly came over and said: "Boss, Karl and I were 10 minutes faster than you and we took the first place! Did you and Caesar run into something unexpected? With the two of your levels, you shouldn't be this slow."
Lin Yuan smiled and said: "En, we were held up by a bunch of snakes for a while."
In reality, it took a long time to try and find the badges with Caesar, otherwise, they should have arrived here by four o'clock. However, Lin Yuan did not want to tell others about the matter of the badges, he had no choice but to use a group of snakes as an excuse.
Karl also walked up to Lin Yuan and smiled, saying: "How was it? Did the two days and one night pass by fairly smoothly?"
Lin Yuan looked back at Caesar with a glance, and Caesar also just happened to be looking at him. The two looked at each other. Lin Yuan suddenly recalled that two people lying down in the tent last night, covered under the same quilt, holding the other party's sensitive thing, and using each other's hands to......
As soon as he thought of those scenes, he felt both of his ears grow hot. Lin Yuan hurriedly moved his line of sight off of Caesar's face.
Caesar came over, as if to announce his rights of possession, he gently threw his arm around Lin Yuan's shoulder and said to Karl with a smile: "Not bad, it went quite smoothly."
—the two of them smoothly entered into the same quilt and solved one another's physical problems with their hands.
Lin Yuan seemed to understand the meaning of his words and his ears went slightly red.
***
Two days of group field training finally came to a close. The 50 students of the Command Department successfully completed the assessment. With a large-scale suspension vehicle, the group of people returned to school under the guidance of Instructor Knox. When they had initially set off, each and every person was lively and full of enthusiasm. When it came to the trip back however, their heads were all orderly hung down as if they were wilted flowers.
Two days of surviving in the wilderness is both tiring and famishing, everyone honestly had no real interest in chatting, the majority of them conked out in the car.
Lin Yuan felt no need to sleep, he actually was so extremely hungry that his stomach was growling nonstop.
For a big eater like him, eating that sort of wild roasted fish without any seasoning for two days straight is truly not filling enough. He eagerly thought of going to the dining hall to pig out after arriving at the school. Unexpectedly, as soon as he arrived at the school, he suddenly received a notice from the Class Teacher, Instructor Irene, asking for him to immediately head to her office when he got to school.
The suspension car arrived at St. Romia Military Academy on schedule at six o'clock, the other students urgently rushed to the dining hall to eat— because the military academy provided three meals a day on a very strict schedule. The evening meal is from 5 to 6:30, anything beyond this time and you would have no other choice but to wait for the 9:00 pm midnight snack. The completely starved students naturally dashed to the dining hall at the quickest possible speed.
Because Instructor Irene had something to call on him for, Lin Yuan could only bear with the emptiness of his stomach and walk alone to Instructor Irene's office.
He knocked on the door and heard the crystal-clear voice of the female instructor coming from the inside: "Come in!"
Lin Yuan pushed the door open. Irene in the middle of sorting out documents in front of her office desk. She was still wearing her full military uniform in the office, the Beta woman's appearance with her tall frame donned in her military uniform gave off a valiant and formidable air.
Lin Yuan had a very subtle sense of affection towards this female instructor and her husband, Instructor Knox, probably due to knowing that they had previously served in the Dark Night Legion.
Seeing Irene lift her head up, Lin Yuan immediately stood to attention in front of her and saluted, saying: "Instructor! You were looking for me?"
Irene smiled a bit and said: "The school must choose the best to be put into a group of outstanding students and award both honorary certificates and a large number of scholarships. Only one person can be chosen per class. In order to be fair, after you go back, let the students anonymously vote, gather and report the results to me before the weekend."
Lin Yuan nodded, "Okay."
Irene then went on to hand another document over to him, "There is also this, this is the latest notice passed down by the school. Our military academy has always used the academic year system. The curriculum reform from this year on has started the process of converting to a semester system. The corresponding class timetables, examination periods and as well as vacation arrangements have been revised. They have also all been registered online. After you go back, inform your classmates to go download the latest school calendar and testing arrangements."
Lin Yuan nodded and said: "Understood, Instructor!"
Lin Yuan bowed his head as he came out of Instructor Irene's office with the notices in his hands and walked towards the direction of the dining hall.
This document that was stamped with the official seal of the School's Educational Administration Section was the latest notice passed down concerning the curriculum adjustment. The St. Romia Military Academy had formerly used the academic year system, ten months was one school year, and then they were let out for two months on vacation. After three academic years, they'd graduate. Now, it's going to change to a semester system, five months is one semester, and then they would be let go for a one-month vacation, and they will graduate after six individual semesters.
Because of the conversion to a semester system, an awful lot of courses have been distributed to different semesters, and moreover, a large number of elective courses have also been added. Compared with the joint examination of many subjects for ten months in a row, this kind of semester system alleviates a lot of the psychological pressure on students.
Lin Yuan was somewhat excited thinking about it, with this kind of reform, he would be able to go home on vacation in three months.
Lin Yuan immediately told his mother about this good news. Mrs. Lin and Lin Yao both appeared to be very excited. Lin Yao even said that she would wait for her little brother to come back and give him a type of pastries she made from her latest experimentation......
When his older sister mentioned pastries, Lin Yuan only then found that his stomach was already flat as a board.
Turning off the communicator, he sped-walked to the doorway of the dining hall. Lin Yuan was suddenly struck dumb— he was only met with the sight of the completely bereft space in the dining hall. Obviously, dinner time has passed. If you want to eat something, you have to wait until 9 o'clock for the late-night snack run.
Lin Yuan rubbed his completely empty stomach and dejectedly drooped his head on his way back to the dormitory.
Unexpectedly, as soon as he opened the door, he could smell a rich aroma. Lin Yuan followed after the smell and saw that Caesar was wrapped around in an apron and right in the middle of cooking in the kitchen. Brian was assisting beside him on one hand while still directing Caesar's actions on the other.
Snow sat down in the kitchen with a calm and unperturbed face as he read a book. When he saw Lin Yuan come in, he turned his head around and said: "Come take a seat, dinner will be ready soon."
Lin Yuan walked over to him in shock and sat down across from him, pointing his finger at the kitchen,"The two of them are personally preparing a meal?"
Snow said faintly: "En. Caesar said that in the forest, the two of you had eaten roasted fish for two days. He wanted to make the food a bit better, so he bought a huge pile of vegetables and came back. Brian is teaching him how to do it. He's almost done making it, he was just waiting on you to come back to start eating."
Lin Yuan: "..............."
There certainly wouldn't be anything to eat at the dining hall at this time. Caesar conscientiously bought food and then brought it back to the dormitory just now to make dinner. The so-called improving food was obviously in order to wait for an absolutely starving little monster to come back and eat dinner.
Lin Yuan went back and watched Caesar bustling about in an apron making a show of being very earnest. While he thought it was funny, his heart also couldn't help but feel somewhat moved. Just like a warm stream of water slowly flowing inside his body, the comfortably warm feeling suddenly filled his entire heart.
When I returned to the dormitory terribly hungry, there was someone there preparing dinner for me......
This kind of feeling is really nice.
Soon, Caesar and Brian came out with a table full of rich vegetable and meat dishes. Seeing that Lin Yuan was salivating, Caesar handed him a pair of chopsticks and smiled, saying: "Come eat."
Lin Yuan hurriedly tried a few mouthfuls. He exclaimed in admiration saying: "You're the one who made this dish"
Caesar nodded his head: "En, this is my first time cooking, is the flavor okay?"
Lin Yuan rushed to say: "Very delicious!"
Caesar picked out some more dishes to give to him with a gentle gaze. The nearly starved to death Lin Yuan was solely preoccupied with immersing himself with eating, the bowl in front of him is piled up high by Caesar.
Brian questioningly took a look at Caesar and then took a look at Lin Yuan. After watching for a while, he suddenly thought— is the atmosphere between these two more intimate than it was before? How did this feeling of the two of them being in their own world and acting as though there was nobody else present come about? Could some "happy event" have happened during the wilderness survival training?
***
After they finished eating the meal, Caesar and Brian went to the kitchen to sort out the numerous vegetables they bought. Lin Yuan took the documents from Instructor Irene and transmitted the notice down to the dormitories one by one. While he was there, he asked everyone to send an anonymous email to their email inbox to select the outstanding students on the basis of a vote.
Dormitories were notified one by one until it was already 7:00 pm, Lin Yuan returned to the dormitory and knocked on Caesar's bedroom door. When Caesar got to the bedroom door, he had just recently finished bathing. He wore his nightwear and the ends of his hair were still dripping wet. Lin Yuan handed the notice over to him, he patiently explained and considerately told him to go to the website to download the new class schedule.
When Caesar saw Lin Yuan's serious appearance, he can't help but smile and say: "Okay, I got it Squad Leader, Sir."
Lin Yuan also felt that his formal dialogue with Caesar was somewhat ridiculous, he soon put the documents away and turned around and sat down on the sofa in Caesar's bedroom, he raised his head up and said: "Oh yeah, that's right. Caesar, the badges we found today, how about we have Suzaku come out a take a look?"
Caesar also sat down beside him and turned around to say: "Go ask Suzaku and see if it remembers or not."
Lin Yuan called Suzaku out. Suzaku looked at the badges and hurriedly said: "Master, I remember, this is the badge of the Thunder Legion."
Caesar asked: "Who was responsible for pursuing you back then? Do you have any impression of them?"
Suzaku thought about it and said: "General Auguste Olaf's mech, Comet and General Ivan Stork's mech, Phantom. Apart from those two mechs. There were some personal guard forces who followed them. I didn't know those people, I didn't recognize them either."
Lin Yuan and Caesar looked at each other. According to Caesar's inference, these badges should have been left behind back when the soldiers of the Thunder Legion went across Po Military Starfield to hunt Suzaku down. But who was who is not concrete, and after asking Suzaku, they still haven't gained anything. They only know that to have been able to participate in the hunting operation for Suzaku, those people must have been trusted aides of General Olaf...... This will be quite difficult to look into then.
The two of them were silent for a while, and then right at this moment, Lin Yuan's communicator suddenly lit up.
—it is a communication request from Rosen.
Lin Yuan immediately connected to the communicator, Marshal Rosen's face quickly appeared on the holographic screen in front of him. The man dressed in a pure black military uniform was just as expressionless as before, however, after his eyes landed on Lin Yuan, the man's gaze visibly grew soft.
Rosen looked at his son and said in a low voice: "Xiao Yuan, I will be leading the Glory Legion into battle tomorrow, I don't know when I will come back. You take proper care of yourself at school. If anything happens, you can directly connect to Black Dragon's communicator. "
Lin Yuan's stare went blank, "......into battle?"
Although he knew that as the head of the Glory Legion, his father can't avoid rushing to the battlefields. In addition, his reputation as the Undefeated God of War also stood to testament the Glory Legion's invincible strength and their triumph in every battle......
But the strange uneasiness that suddenly sprung up in his heart nevertheless made Lin Yuan somewhat anxious.
Lin Yuan looked up at his father and earnestly said: "Father, please be sure to take good care of yourself, I will wait for you to come back."
Rosen smiled and said: "There's no need to worry, I am fairly confident in my odds of success this battle."
Caesar also stood up and respectfully said: "Marshal, please take care of yourself."
Lin Yuan originally also wanted to tell his father about the matter of the badges, but what he and Caesar have is merely inferred and completely unfounded. With his father on the verge of going into battle, it's hard to say if these trifling matters would make him distracted. Lin Yuan had to endure it for the time being and say: "Go ahead, you must be busy. I will be careful. I will inject the inhibitor on time. My body has been examined and there weren't any issues."
Rosen nodded towards the two of them, and then turned off his communicator.
The room was quiet for a while, and seeing that Lin Yuan's complexion was a bit unsightly, Caesar softly asked:"What's wrong?"
Lin Yuan said softly: "I have a very bad feeling...... I feel that my father will run into trouble this time...... "
Caesar hurriedly threw his arm lightly around his shoulders and gently comforted him: "Don't worry, since the Marshal actively chose to go into battle, he must be awfully sure of the outcome. We should believe him. The Glory Legion's combat ability is the strongest in the Empire, he has never lost before either...... Don't overthink it, he will come back safe and sound."
Lin Yuan was silent for a moment, he finally slightly nodded and said: "I hope everything goes well for him."
***
In that same moment, Naomi Star's underground military base.
Ling Yu's communicator suddenly lit up. A complicated line of character of the highest-level ciphertext passed through the space station between the galaxy many times and was finally put through. At last, it was smoothly transmitted into his hands.
After the ciphertext was deciphered, there was only one line of words—
Rosen was on the eve of leading the Glory Legion on a campaign to Naomi Star and to prepare for cover.
Ling Yu slightly frowned, deleted the ciphertext, and then turned around to enter the command room.
Soon, there was a cold and tranquil voice simultaneously sounded in the earpieces of all of the officers throughout the whole underground base. He spoke clearly, word by word: "All officers above the colonel rank will promptly arrive at the command headquarters within three minutes! The base will be entering the first-level alert state!"
Countdown to 10, 9, 8......
The underground base suddenly echoed with the pleasant roaring sound of the first-level alert signal.
The author has something to say:
The dads will see each other very soon, ai, these past few days have been so cold *pitifully weeping. My hands have quickly become frozen stiff, give me a little warmth my dear fans!
(
TN
: Sigh, Lin Yuan's conversation with Rosen raised so many red flags. But hey~ The author has spoken! Their meeting is imminent! I didn't even need to spoil all of you, the author did it for me! Ling Yu! No more running now, Papa Rosen is on his way over!)
Chapter 077. War
The next day at eight o'clock in the morning, Rosen led the Glory Legion to set off from Cepheus as per schedule. After departing from Cepheus Galaxy, Rosen immediately gave an order to the entire regiment to make four consecutive space jumps— directly jumping near the Isville Galaxy.
The distance between the Cepheus Galaxy and the Isville Galaxy is very far. If you were to slowly navigate along the space channel of the universe, it's estimated that it will take more than half a month to be able to arrive. Such a thing would be quite likely to raise the Legions of the Federation's guard.
Although this method of this space jumping is dangerous, it, however, has undoubtedly greatly cut down their travel time.
They can suddenly unleash an attack by speedily jumping to target galaxies, leaving the Federation's Legions unprepared.
Before starting the campaign, Rosen had already reviewed the cosmic star atlas repeatedly and discussed with several of the high-ranking military officers under his subordination to draw up a navigation route— the endpoint of the Glory Legion's jumps happened to be in an area right near the Cosmic Space Station on the outer edge of the Isville Galaxy. That place is the only way to enter Naomi Star, it's just as important as a person's throat.
So long as they occupy that space stronghold, the Greedy Wolf Legion cannot obtain timely assistance, and dealing with them will be just like child's play.
Rosen has fought with the Federation's Legions hand to hand several times over the years. He knows their military strength and their usual combat practices inside and out. As the Empire's Undefeated God of War, Rosen has never fought an uncertain battle. Each step of the plan for this upcoming surprise attack on Naomi Star has gone through repeated considerations and verifications from strategy formulation to route calculation, it was nearly flawless. Rosen is also full of confidence for this upcoming surprise attack.
At nine o'clock in the evening, a large number of the Glory Legion's Vanguard Units successfully jumped to the destination. From within the command room where Rosen was located, it then echoed with the information sent over from the Vanguard Reconnaissance Unit: "Marshal! This is the Vanguard Reconnaissance Warship C-11, no unusual space alterations were detected within a range encompassing 3 light-years and no traces of the Federation's enemy troops were found. The troops stationed at the space station are tentatively estimated to be three battalions!"
Rosen nodded and firmly waved his hand, "Move out!"
Under this command, the Glory Legion's command carrier and a large number of warships executed a space jump in unison, the surrounding space in the universe suddenly appeared to be torn and distorted. The floating dust in the universe was carried up by this airflow with a violent whirlwind.
Black warships by the tens of thousands were thonged together like a densely packed swarm of bees. Located in the center was the Glory Legion's command carrier, the red aureole rapidly spread out around it, lighting up the entire night sky like a dazzling flame!
Three of the Vanguard Unit's light-energy cannons dragged long trails of white light behind them and attacked the Cosmic Space Station with lightning speed!
Boom—!
The flames of the explosion were like resplendent fireworks in full bloom at night. The space station abruptly rang out an ear-piercing alarm. Then, five consecutive electromagnetic interference bombs exploded one after another and the communication line of the entire space station was immediately cut off. The surroundings suddenly gave off a black smoke!
In the darkness of the sky, the pure black warships neatly dispersed and encircled the space station at the fastest possible speed. The red indicator lights on the warships emitted the same frightening radiance as the eyes of a hunter in the night.
In just three short minutes, the Glory Legion completely occupied Naomi Star's space station.
However, right at this moment, the sound of a deafening explosion suddenly came from the Legion far behind the front line, and three unmanned reconnaissance warships were suddenly blown into pieces! Then, a large number of golden warships proceeded to execute space jump out from the rear of the Glory Legion like flowing water. At the same time, thousands of silver-white warships orderly flew over from the direction of Naomi Star!
The Glory Legion that had originally surrounded the space station was instead suddenly surrounded by two of the Federation's major legions!
—The Greedy Wolf Legion is marked by the wolf-shaped totems on their silver warships and the Falcon Legion is marked by the falcon-shaped designs on their golden warships. The two main forces of the Federation are grouped together like they had been prepared long ago. One after the other, they formed a pincer attack against the Glory Legion!
Rosen faintly pursed his brows.
He suddenly recalled that in the military campaign 19 years ago where Ling Yu led his troops to form a surprise attack against Naomi Star, there was also an unexpected ambush from the Greedy Wolf Legion. It was as if the opposing side had received wind of the attack and was prepared well in advance.
This time, he led his own troops out. Not only was it highly secretive, but it was also suddenly decided to make four consecutive space jumps to reach Naomi Star within a single day— why does the opposing side still appear to be just as well-prepared as before?
A traitor in the military.....?
This idea that swept through his mind in a flash was then interrupted by the loud bang of a mech exploding in the distance!
At the same time, the Glory's command carrier received a communication request from the Federation, Rosen's eyebrows wrinkled and he switched his communicator on. He then saw a familiar face displayed on the screen— the man had handsome looks. He was dressed in a pure white military uniform from head to toe with a touch of a coquettish smile on the corners of his lips. He was leisurely sat in his command chair and he politely smiles at Rosen: "My dear Rosen, we meet yet again."
—this man is the head of the Federation's Greedy Wolf Legion, known as the Crafty Demon, General Vladimir.
Vladimir slightly raised his chin up, his penetrating gaze staring straight at Rosen's eyes, saying word by word: "It's truly a pity that today will be the day of your death. You will soon go down and be buried next to your Omega. Doesn't that make you a bit happy if you think of it this way?"
Rosen looked at him coldly, "Don't get in a cheerful mood so quickly."
He then firmly cut off the communicator after he finished his words.
Rosen calmly observed the surrounding situation and nonchalantly issued an order in the microphone of the Commander's dedicated line: "The 6th Division and the 7th Division are changing directions and individually attack the left and right wings of the Falcon Legion! The Vanguard Unit will break out of the enclosure in two routes! The 9th Division will be behind me and face the enemy head-on!"
The Deputy Commander, Lieutenant General Victor, immediately advised against it: "Marshal, this is too dangerous, you don't need to personally......"
Rosen held out his hand to put a stop to his dissuasion, he said in a low voice: "Open the command carrier hatch door at once— Black Dragon, go!"
"Understood!" Black Dragon who heard it's Master's summons, immediately came out from the space button and brought Rosen out from the hatch door of the Glory command carrier and rose into the air!
The black mech's form launches into its fullest form in the boundless cosmos. The shining golden pupils of its eyes glisten and its sheer size gives off a terrifying pressure. The highest level attacking system in the mech is immediately activated and Black Dragon's tail suddenly lashes out. In its desire to mount a sneak attack, it directly smashes the side of a warship into pieces. At the same time, three light bombs are shot out from its mouth, hurling towards the enemy with a beautifully arched trajectory at the Federation's Greedy Wolf Legion—
***
Naomi Star's Underground Military Base, inside the head commanding room.
Ling Yu stood in front of the commanding podium, his gaze was tightly locked on the monitoring image inside the holographic screen. The look of the young General's face was very cold. Although his facial expression was undisturbed, the palm of his hand, which was being held in a light grip, however, could reveal the trace of worry at the bottom of his heart.
In the screen, the shrunken image is the real-time image projection of the universe. The densely packed small black dots are the Empire's Glory Legion, and the small golden dots suddenly appearing in the rear are evidently the Federation's Falcon Legion.
The Falcon Legion launched a sudden attack, and a large amount of the unmanned reconnaissance craft at the rear of the Glory Legion was blown into pieces.
Looking at the rising fires of war in the screen, Ling Yu's eyebrows faintly wrinkled, and he gently clenched his hands to keep his mind calm—
Rosen was on the Glory's command carrier, although he unexpectedly encountered the Federation's Falcon Legion's sneak attack from the rear, with his commanding level, there should be no problem making it through after ten minutes.
At this moment, an officer's voice suddenly came from within the command room: "General, the reconnaissance team has come to report that the large armed forces of the Greedy Wolf Legion have already set off for the space station!"
Ling Yu's eyes lit up and he immediately opened his mouth to say: "Prepare Air-Guided Missle #1— "
In a certain hidden forest of Naomi Star, a huge crack suddenly split open in the uncultivated land. The roaring was as deafening as an earthquake. The enormous black muzzle of a cannon slowly rose from the gap as if it were suddenly sent up from the ground.
Ling Yu sternly said: "Fire!"
Boom—!
A guided missile breaks through the atmosphere approaching the speed of light, producing dazzling sparks all along the way!
The navigation route of the air-guided missile was extremely precise. It immediately exploded when it reached the center of the Greedy Wolf Legion. The Greedy Wolf Legion was completely caught off guard by the launch of the surface-to-air missile striking their center! They only saw a widely expanding blaze rising from the sky, the mech fragments and the wreckage of the warships scattered everywhere in all directions, and the cosmos surrounding Naomi Star suddenly became the most horrifying cemetery!
Ling Yu paused and raised his hand decisively, "Prepare Air-Guided Missile #3—"
***
Rosen suddenly became stunned.
He piloted Black Dragon to lead the 9th Division of the Glory Legion to directly face the Greedy Wolf Legion. Both sides were fighting fiercely. Unexpectedly, a large fire abruptly broke out in the rear of the Greedy Wolf Legion. A loud "boom" was heard and a large number of warships were blown up into ashes. The wreckage and fragments floating in the universe were scattered in all directions, making the entire field of view filled with smoke!
Such frightening firepower cannot be caused by just an ordinary light energy bomb, rather, only an enormous grounded weapon that uses "tons" as the unit of measure for its weight can possess such formidable power......
Was an air-guided missile launched from the surface of Naomi Star?
Rosen's heart suddenly grew full of doubts.
Is there a friendly force on Naomi Star? Or is there a mutiny breaking out from within the Greedy Wolf Legion?
In any case, now is the best opportunity to break through the siege—
Rosen no longer hesitated and seized the opportunity to disrupt the formation of the Greedy Wolf Legion and immediately issued the highest order: "The Vanguard Units will join together right away, follow the 9th Division and assault the front!"
"Understood! Marshal!"
The Vanguard Units that had originally been scattered in order to attract enemy fire immediately neatly merged together in half a minute, condensing together into a terrifying force. Following under the lead of Black Dragon and the 9th Division, they broke straight through the Greedy Wolf Legion's line of defense!
Boom—!
There was another loud sound, the rear of the Wolf Corps was once again attacked by an air-guided missile!
The violent blasting sounds never stop and the whole Greedy Wolf Legion was torn apart by the explosions. Along with the Vanguard Units and the 9th Division of the Glory Legion directly breaking out of the siege led by Rosen on top of that, the Greedy Wolf Legion was nearly defeated in an instant.
Just at this moment, a trembling voice suddenly echoed in the command hold of the Greedy Wolf Legion's command carrier: "General, the Federation's Naomi Star military base has suddenly encountered a sneak attack from unidentified troops! Requesting for emergency backup! Requesting for emergency%&#¥%......"
The communication line was disrupted and the remaining words all turned into an ear-piercing noise.
Vladimir narrowly squinted his eyes.
He originally wanted to cooperate with the Falcon Legion to make the Empire's Glory Legion suffer a complete annihilation here. He didn't expect that at the location of his own encampment— on Naomi Star, suddenly began to launch air-guided missiles, disrupting the Greedy Wolf Legion's entire plan, and even his own main military base had been occupied by people.
Obviously, this is what those "unknown troops" had planned well beforehand! Taking advantage of the gap between the Greedy Wolf Legion leaving their base to sort out the Glory Legion, they quickly occupied the Federation's military base situated on Naomi Star.
—are the unknown troops coming from Naomi Star?
—could it be a hidden chess piece that the Empire secretly planted here?
—who could it be?
The fires of war continued to spread and another air-guided missile came over and exploded. Vladimir had no time to finely and particularly think it over. He immediately ordered: "All units of the Greedy Wolf Legion, immediately retreat!"
The Falcon Legion also rather tacitly pulled back at the same time.
Clearly, those who were originally thought to be hunting instead became the prey by people's schemes.
The two heads of the legions connected their communicators to each other, the awareness of being schemed against was very unpleasant. General Chris's complexion of the Falcon Legion was very ugly and he coldly spoke: "Vladimir, you asked me to help clean up the Glory Legion. What is going on now, why did Naomi Star over there suddenly launch an attack on us?! Isn't Naomi Star your encampment?"
Vladimir shrugged his shoulders: "There seems to be an underground force on Naomi Star. I have always been investigating this for all these years but to no avail. Now it seems...... that not only must there be an Imperial force, but it is also a mysterious force that even the Emperor's XX Department isn't aware of— temporarily leaving this aside, isn't it also too shameful for us to just withdraw like this, wouldn't it be better to drag someone down with us?"
General Chris knit his brows and said: "What do you want to do?"
Vladimir smiled, "Up ahead is the entrance to a cosmic wormhole, it is said that place...... hasn't been too awfully stable recently."
Chris expressed his understanding with a nod of his head.
The two simultaneously summoned their respective S-Class mechs rather well-coordinatedly, with one on the left and one on the right, they closed in on Black Dragon!
The distance between the three mechs was really too close for comfort and the bombardment range of the light cannons was also too large. It is very likely that one single blast may very likely cause the three mechs to be simultaneously blown up, therein unavoidably injuring their own Generals. Both sides of the Legions will not dare to act blindly without thinking. In the cosmos, being met with the three mechs of gold, silver, and black gathered together in a brawl, the places where the three gigantic dragons passed through, a large number of fragments and debris were swept up just like a cosmic vortex that made people feel intimidated at first glance!
***
Naomi Star, the head command room of the underground base.
The sound of the young soldier's clear and bright voice came through the communicator: "Reporting to General, our army has already successfully occupied the Federation's military base!"
The command room suddenly rang with burst into cheers and General Ling Yu who had always previously looked cold and indifferent finally raised the corner of his lips slightly upwards too, saying: "Work hard, act according to plan, don't damage the base equipment."
The young soldier respectfully gave a standard military salute in a place unseen to the General, "Understood! General!"
Right then, a large gold and silver dot suddenly appeared on the monitoring screen in front of him.
Ling Yu was startled, "What is this all about?"
The Deputy Commander, Brigadier General Ted, standing on his right-hand side, answered in a low voice: "General, this should be the two S-Class mechs summoned forth by the Federation's two Generals...... They still haven't retreated, what do they want to do?"
The base of the Greedy Wolf Legion has been occupied. On the surface of Naomi Star, they were constantly launching air-guided missiles. Many of the Greedy Wolf and Falcon Legion's warships have suffered damage. With Vladamir's intelligence, he should have retreated as quickly as he could after being aware that he had fallen into a trap. He suddenly summoned his S-Class mech out and yet it was impossible to turn the tide only relying on the strength of two mechs—
What is it that they want to do in the end?
Ling Yu frowned and carefully fixed his attention to the screen.
Just then, he suddenly saw what seemed to be an additional black dot surrounded by the gold and silver mechs.
Is that Rosen?
The direction the three mechs are moving at high-speeds is......
Isville's cosmic wormhole!
Ling Yu's heart suddenly skipped a beat, "Not good!"
As if receiving an induction signal, the necklace space button that was worn around his neck also lit up at the same time.
Ling Yu immediately opened the exit of the underground base and simultaneously ordered: "Ted, I am going to provide the Marshal with aid. I am leaving you in charge of the follow-up commanding tasks here! Use the Emperor XX Department's password to connect to the Glory's command carrier and get the Glory Legion to provide support to Naomi Star as soon as possible!"
Brigadier General Ted immediately saluted deferentially and said: "Understood, General!"
Ling Yu summoned the Black Dragon replica out and broke directly through the atmosphere of Naomi Star and flew towards the direction of Cosmic Space Station where the fires of war reached the sky—
***
Isville Galaxy's outermost cosmic space station had already been completely blasted into ruins by the fighting of the two sides, and a large number of mech and warship fragments are drifting along in the universe. Following the retreat of the Greedy Wolf Legion and the Falcon Legion, the Glory Legion was reorganized under the command of Lieutenant General Victor.
Ling Yu piloted the Black Dragon replica and flew right over the heads of the Glory Legion.
In the command carrier cabin, everyone looked at the very large black dragon fairly close by and couldn't help but come to a stop in shock. The Marshal was undoubtedly still in nothing less than a stalemate with two of the Federation's mechs up ahead. How could a mech that looks just like Black Dragon pass by again?
Victor also feels completely puzzled, he frowns and carefully looks outside of the porthole—
Not too far away, the gold, silver and black mechs are right in the middle of a fierce battle, Black Dragon is fighting one against two enemies and has long since been placed in a disadvantageous position. Scars are riddled on its body, but he is simply unable to break out from the two mech's pincer attack from his left and right. The two mechs were pinched together, and Rosen was pinned down by the two mechs and was gradually drawn in the direction of the cosmic wormhole.
As the entrance to the wormhole grew closer, the gold and silver mechs abruptly changed their directions in an unspoken agreement. Acting in concert, they immediately wrapped their tails around Black Dragon, and at the same time, physically exerted themselves to push the black mech directly into the entrance of Isville Universe's wormhole!
As soon as Ling Yu hurried over, he saw this kind of scene—
The black mech was being swallowed bit by bit by the immense vortex of the cosmic wormhole, just like a small insect caught in a spider's web without any ability to resist. In the face of the frightening force of nature, the mechs made by mankind seem so insignificant and inferior.
"Rosen—"
Ling Yu's words didn't even have the time to make it out of his mouth before he saw Black Dragon sinking into the enormous vortex and disappearing without a trace within the blink of an eye.
The heart suddenly fell into a fit of spasms. The vortex forming a dense mass in the universe is like the bloody maw of a man-eating beast stretched wide open like a sacrificial bowl, which appears particularly frightfully sinister in the silent cosmos.
Almost subconsciously, Ling Yu issued an order to his mech: "Catch up......"
The Black Dragon replica was silent for a bit and calmly reported: "Master, within the Isville cosmic wormhole, there will soon be a spatial shock with a magnitude of eight or higher. The energy of these spatial shocks is also going to be tens of times higher than that of a planetary earthquake. At the moment, entering the cosmic wormhole......"
There is only a dead end.
While the Black Dragon replica did not say this, he believed that his Master was able to understand it.
Ling Yu suddenly grew silent.
Before the retreat, Vladimir summoned his mech to carry out a pincer attack on both sides of Rosen. The objective was obviously for this exact reason— the Isville cosmic wormhole has been extremely unstable recently and spatial shocks constantly occurred. This kind of energy from cosmic spatial shocks can instantly smash an S-Class mech into pieces.
He couldn't directly destroy the Glory Legion, he could only use these sorts of despicable means to force Rosen into the wormhole and completely do away with Rosen with the help of the cosmic wormhole......
Ling Yu tightly gripped his hand into a clenched fist, his fingernails nearly drew blood from the palm of his hand.
The last occurrence of spatial shocks was thirty minutes ago, Ling Yu did had no way of knowing the next time they would happen.
It might have already happened, or it also might be after one minute, ten minutes......
But, no matter what, he can't look on helplessly and watch Rosen die in front of him.
Right at that moment, he suddenly thought of Lin Yuan, the child that belonged to him and Rosen.
If he just saw him die and didn't save him like this, what will he look like in the future...... facing that child?
As soon as Ling Yu thought of this, he immediately tightly gripped both of his hands into two fists, he decisively and resolutely said: "Catch up!"
Black Dragon was forced to follow it's Master's orders, and plunged headfirst into the huge cosmic whirlpool—
***
Inside the student dormitories of St. Romia Military Academy, Lin Yuan abruptly woke up with a start from his dreams.
He once again dreamed of the day his Dad sent him away when he was young. That man spoke in a gentle and soft tone in his ear and quietly said: "Xiao Yuan, I'm sorry, Dad is going to a very far away place, it is not convenient to take you. After you are by yourself, you must strongly keep on living......"
(
TN
: I'm tired. But damn do I like leaving ya'll on cliff hangers. Oh, the red flag raised in the previous chapter has finally come to fruition! I hope everyone is excited, while it might not be a weekday I still stayed up extra late to finish it! Ling Yu, oh Ling Yu... He still cares about Rosen! He better not die now, talk about terrible late-night thoughts to have... Anyways have fun dangling off this cliff, I'm going to bed!)
Chapter 078. Reunited
Lin Yuan woke up with a start from his dreams fairly early in the morning. The strong anxiety that suddenly rose from the bottom of his heart made him distraught with anxiety.
The scene in the dream seemed to hint at something very bad. He dreamed about his dad leaving him and at this very moment, his father is leading troops out into a battle... This kind of bad dream makes Lin Yuan's heart feel very unwell. He takes in a deep breath and wipes the cold sweat off his forehead before sitting up in his bed. Lin Yuan took out his communicator and sent a message to Rosen—
"Father, is this campaign still going well? I am awaiting your safe and sound return."
Like throwing a stone into the ocean and watching as it sinks down, there is no reply.
—He is probably busy at the moment and doesn't have time to take notice of it? Perhaps he will reply after seeing it tomorrow.
After comforting himself like this, he lies back down on the bed and covers himself with the quilt, Lin Yuan still doesn't feel the slightest bit tired.
This night, for Lin Yuan, time seems to have stretched on for ages......
***
For some people on the Capital Star, this night has become particularly unendurable.
Inside the Military Department's secret meeting room, several officers were sitting there with grave expressions waiting for something. Finally, the spherical communicator in the middle of the table sent out a beam of light, indicating that it had received a message. The highest-ranked ciphertext was passed through the cosmic space stations from multiple galaxies. It smoothly transmitted to this communicator at last.
In front of the virtual screen, a string of strange golden characters gradually appeared. The complex ciphertext characters slowly drifted through the air like a golden chain. It wasn't until a moment later that the passwords were deciphered by specialized software and the ciphertext finally became writing that they could read and understand—
"An unknown military force appeared on Naomi Star and suddenly launched an attack against the Federation's Legions. The Federation's Military Base on Naomi Star was seized. The Greedy Wolf Legion and the Falcon Legion urgently retreated. The Glory Legion entered and garrisoned Naomi Star and Rosen piloted Black Dragon into the Isville Cosmic Wormhole, whereabouts are unknown. The mysterious forces on Naomi Star also disappeared immediately after the Glory Legion entered and garrisoned. It is beyond my capabilities to investigate— K. "
The K letter at the end represents the identity of the person who sent the message, this paragraph of text briefly gave an account of today's battlefield situation.
After a moment of silence, the officer sitting in the first seat displeasedly pursed his brows and coldly said: "They're indeed a pile of useless trash!"
A person to the side said in a serious tone: "The cooperation with the Federation's Legions had very big risks from the start. However, this time we practically spoon-fed the Glory Legion directly up to their mouths. They were unable to seize such a good opportunity. They are really too disappointing— what exactly was Vladimir doing in the end? The place where he was stationed concealed a mysterious force and he was seriously not in the least aware of it?"
Another person thoughtfully said: "I am actually quite interested in that mysterious force. Unexpectedly in that critical moment, they emerged to secretly assist Rosen. Who could it possibly be? Could they have something to do with the Empire?"
The man sitting in the first seat bitterly smiled and said: "No matter who they are, any stumbling blocks that get in the way always have to be entirely disposed of to be sure."
The man took the communicator and quickly typed out a line of ciphertext characters back—
"Keep a close watch over the movement of the mysterious force on Naomi Star and find out the inside details of those people as soon as possible. Rosen has the message to immediately report back."
After the ciphertext was sent out, the person who questioned the origin of the mysterious force slightly narrowed his eyes and smiled as they said: "Rosen has always been a man of great fortune, but this time he has been met with the spatial shocks of the Isville Cosmic Wormhole, that is, even if he had ten lives, it's time to make things clear. Can we consider whether......"
"Don't be rash" The man sitting in the first seat lightly waved his hand and cut him off, "I don't wish for any new branches to grow out of a knot. As soon as the news of Rosen's death is confirmed, we will act again." After a pause, he turned his head around again and said, "Moreover, Udir suddenly transferred to Po Military Starfield and placed people in certain positions in the Rose Legion, did you find any valuable information?"
The other person immediately replied: "There is information to report. The Rose Legion's medical team has recently hired a doctor named Charley. General Udir has been continuously unacclimatized after arriving at the Po Military Starfield. He had a high fever for several days in a row. He was being cared for by that doctor. He soon afterward asked that doctor to come to the Legion. Apart from this, everything in the Rose Legion is just as usual. Udir still took his Legion into a forest to try out a new type of mech all day long. During his free time, he just grows plants and flowers on Po Military Starfield. "
Inside the meeting room, fits of hushed laughter could be heard.
The man frowned: "Has the doctor's inside information been checked?"
That person replied: "In the detailed investigation, there weren't any problems. He is a very gentle-tempered doctor. He also keeps a very low-profile in the Legion."
The person nodded, saying in a low voice: "Make sure the planted agents in each of the major legions are careful and take precautions. They must not unmask their true nature by all means...... Alright, let's adjourn this meeting."
With the man's order, the simulation meeting room built through the network very quickly became desolate.
Inside a certain private apartment in the Capital Star, a young officer removed the earplugs that connected him to the virtual meeting room, the corners of his lips slightly perked up into a smile.
The unique navy blue military badge on his chest produces a strange radiance under the lighting inside the bedroom.
***
eta Ursae Majoris Starfield, the Rose Legion's encampment.
Ling Feng was on his bed tossing and turning restlessly. Suddenly he heard a peal of knocking on the door. When he got up and opened the door, he saw Lieutenant Commander Lyrum of the Rose Legion's Personal Guard Battalion standing at the doorway. When he saw him, he said in a deadly earnest voice: "Dr. Charley, sorry to bother you this late. The General suddenly has unbearable abdominal pain, please go over and have a look."
Ling Feng stared blankly for a moment and immediately turned around to pick up his medical kit, put on his white overcoat, and go to General Udir's resting quarters.
Inside his bedroom, Udir was lying down on his bed, his complexion looked to be very pale, his wrinkled brows gave the appearance of great suffering. When he saw Ling Feng arrived, he said in a hoarse voice: "Okay, Dr. Charley will stay here to properly attend to me, everyone else will withdraw."
"Understood, General." The group of his subordinates all withdrew back.
Only then did Ling Feng walk up to his bedside in three or two steps, gently reaching out his hand and probing his forehead, he asked in concern: "What's going on with you? Do you feel ill?"
His slender fingers were suddenly held by that man, and the man lying down on his bed unexpectedly opened his eyes. His blue eyes were on the move and he looked at him with a beaming smile. Forget about falling ill, the man's complexion appears exceedingly good, as soon as he turned over, he overpowered Ling Feng onto the bed and seized the opportunity to land a kiss.
Ling Feng was in a tough spot trying to dodge his kiss while saying helplessly: "Udir, you, you are pretending to be sick again...... mmm...... mmph......"
His jaw was pried open and his nimble tongue dove straight in, Ling Feng was soon out of breath from the kiss and was totally unable to say anything.
After the end of their French kiss, the clothes of the two men were disheveled and their heartbeats were also somewhat stalled. Udir only released Ling Feng then and licked the remaining saliva on the seams of Ling Feng's lips off. Lightly stroking Ling Feng's hair, he asked with a gentle and soft tone: "I noticed that you hadn't gone to sleep, I was only looking for an excuse to call you over...... You look very restless, what happened?"
Ever since he took Ling Feng with him to the Rose Legion, Udir gave him a miniature mech space button and the two people's mechs were connected to one another, so Udir could know Ling Feng's movements at all times to protect him at a moments notice.
Looking at Ling Feng's appearance as his eyelashes slightly trembled, Udir couldn't help but lean over and place a kiss on top of his eye, asking in a low voice: "What's the matter? Can't you tell me?"
Ling Feng was silent for a while before saying: "No, it's nothing......"
The reason why Ling Feng was uneasy because of the telepathy shared between twins.
—He can perceive when Ling Yu is met with misfortune.
The connection with Ling Yu's communicator was broken off and the message he sent out elicited no response. Even though his body was fine, there was still an inexplicable sharp pain. It must have come from his sensory perception of Ling Yu.
The occasional telepathy between the twin brothers was capable of allowing Ling Feng to sense when his brother was in the midst of danger and disaster.
Ling Feng was worried to the point of tossing and turning restlessly, making it hard to sleep all night long.
However, there is no way for him to let Udir know of the matter with Ling Yu. Even if Udir is his lover and Snow's father, he cannot calmly speak out this mind-breaking secret. Ling Yu was hidden away in Naomi Star and secretly constructed an underground military base that involved His Majesty's plan. If by any chance Udir's philosophy is not in line with His Majesty's, then the consequences of this secret being leaked out will only ruin the many years of preparation when it's on the eve of complete success.
Deep in the depths of the body, another heart-wrenching pain came through. Ling Feng abruptly trembled and harshly bit down on his lower lip following it.
—Evidently, Ling Yu is in a lot of danger right now.
This kind of baffling pain is passed on through the telepathy between twins, which makes Ling Feng also feel a sharp, difficult to endure pain.
After becoming aware of the man's constant trembles in his embrace, Udir hurriedly hugged him close in distress, and unceasingly kissed him. His forehead, the tip of his nose and lips, tender kisses were rained down upon Ling Feng's face. His deep and low voice also reverberated in his ears, "Don't be afraid...... I am here, I won't let you be met with misfortune again...... Have a little bit of confidence in me, alright?"
Ling Feng clenched his teeth. After a good while, he whispered: "Udir...... I......"
Udir looked distracted, "Huh?"
Ling Feng's face went a bit red, he took the initiative to part his legs, reached over and wrapped his hands around his neck, quietly saying, "......hold me."
He finally had clearly heard what he was saying. Udir immediately peeled the man's clothes off with the agile movements of his limbs. He further parted his legs and wrapped them around his waist. Without any trace of politeness...... he took as much of him as he liked.
Very soon, moans that would make one blush sounded from inside the bedroom.
As he was forgetting his worries from being invaded, Ling Feng thought in a trance...... Only in this way could he alleviate some of the uneasiness and the strange sharp pain in the bottom of his heart. Being tightly held in the embrace of Udir, he doesn't feel that he is so isolated and helpless.
It's so hot......
That place is so hot, where was this place in the end?
What has happened to his little brother......
***
Ling Feng's sensory perception was just the same as Lin Yuan's dreamland, Ling Yu had really been met with a mishap.
The moment he piloted Black Dragon into the cosmic wormhole, he felt an enormous pressure accompanying the overwhelmingly spread out mech fragments that advanced toward him, engulfing him. This kind of frightening cosmic vortex has even had formidable power that distorts the space-time continuum. In the face of nature, let alone the S-Class mechs manufactured by humanity, not even the large-scale command carrier of a Legion is able to take on the formidable power of the spatial shocks.
The field of vision before his eyes became blurred. Through the porthole of his mech, all the remains of the various spaceships and warships in the wormhole could be seen. A large bulk of mechanical debris is mixed with the particles in the universe that whirls at devastating flying speed, the entire wormhole became a gigantic bottomless vortex— he couldn't clearly see any path to follow inside the cosmic wormhole. He could only depend on intuition to let Black Dragon inch forward little by little.
Fortunately, the level and mental strength of Ling Yu's mech piloting is extremely strong. He is able to skillfully operate the mech to avoid collision of a large number of bits and pieces. If another pilot took his place, they may have long-since been hit into tearing their body and crushing their bones in this place.
The wreckage of another large spacecraft brushed past and if there was a direct collision, it would have definitely knocked the mech over going at such a fast speed.
Ling Yu did not dare to slack off in the slightest, there was a layer of sweat oozing from the palm of his hand.
The power of the space vortex is getting more and more violent. Clearly, the level eight spatial shocks are coming soon, he must leave here as soon as possible!
But......
He is not willing!
He is not willing to just abandon Rosen like this!
As soon as he thought that the man together with his mech might have already been smashed into pieces, Ling Yu felt the pain of a knife being twisted in his heart!
Ling Yu tightly clenched into the hollow of his palm, having himself stay clear-headed and rational. The mental connection with the Black Dragon Replica has already exceeded 300% of its maximum matching capabilities, he can even feel everything that his own mech feel......
The debris and wreckage inside the wormhole unceasingly glance against the mech's body, it was just like taking a knife and slashing it across his body! The Black Dragon Replica's neural circuit had been continuously blaring an alarm and the equilibrium system was continuously flashing a red light even more! Ling Yu resisted the sharp pain of the nerves being cut and carefully examined the image being cast onto the screen—
Unfortunately, he only sees a large amount of debris and wreckage on the screen, there was not a single trace of Rosen and his mech.
Looking on as the spatial pressure in the wormhole grows greater and greater, Ling Yu a bit anxiously said: "Black Dragon, switch on the highest level detection system, broaden the sensing range by twofold! Quickly!"
The equilibrium system almost collapsed under repeated impacts. At this moment, turning on the most advanced detection system is undoubtedly a huge burden on the mech! However, perceiving the state of mind of its Master, Black Dragon complied with the order without the slightest hesitation. The highest level of detection system produced electromagnetic waves encompassing a radius within the range of 100 kilometers. a moment after, Black Dragon said in a low voice: "Master, still not detected."
—At that moment, Ling Yu suddenly felt despair.
He previously led his troops on campaigns countless times. He had previously faced life and death crises countless times, but he had never once despaired.
Could it be that...... Rosen has truly already......
Died?
That indifferent and as well as unyielding man who spent a decade of his youth together with him......
He has already died?
This kind of realization caused a sudden burst of stabbing pain at the bottom of Ling Yu's heart. It was like a pair of hands were forcibly tearing a huge hole open in his heart. It felt like a biting cold wind was violently blowing into his chest, cutting his internal organs, nearly breaking his entire heart into pieces.
Rosen......
Xiao Yuan......
Just when he was so aggrieved that the rims of his eyes were bursting with heat, Black Dragon's eyes suddenly lit up. "Master, I've found the traces of an S-Class mech up ahead!"
Ling Yu froze in shock and immediately ordered: "Approach the target right away!"
***
While the replica body sensed the presence of Black Dragon, the Black Dragon up ahead also sensed the presence of this mech.
Rosen noticed this bit and looked at the monitor screen in a bit of shock.
In the vortex of this cosmic wormhole formed by a large amount of debris and airborne dust, a black mech suddenly broke through layer upon layer of the surrounding space and rushed straight toward his position!
An enormous black dragon, the golden pupils of its eyes, even if it is beaten black and blue by numerous wreckage and debris, it's grandeur still shines brightly like a rainbow!
—Is this the replica body of Black Dragon?
Rosen's mind suddenly became blank. The name of that man was sitting on his lips however he simply couldn't believe it...... The
Ling Yu......
Is it Ling Yu?
As soon as that black mech came to his side, the spatial shocks were on the eve of arriving, the space inside the cosmic wormhole became increasingly narrow, and the tremendous pressure is nearly about to crush everything inside it into smithereens—
It's now or never!
Like the hearts of the two were connected, the two S-Class mechs simultaneously activated the highest level attack system!
Boom—!
The two S-Class mechs fired giant light energy cannons at the same time, and all the residual debris and remnants in the entirety of the wormhole were blasted into the distance. Through the force of this extensive recoil, the two mechs immediately executed a space jump and forcibly broke through the pressure of the wormhole's airflow!
A small spatial gap was torn open in the cosmic wormhole, and the immense pressure caused the surrounding space to begin to frantically compress and warp!
"......be careful!"
Rosen's heart almost came to a complete stop!
He successfully piloted Black Dragon out of the wormhole, but that black mech, however, was still in the heart of the wormhole. Obviously, the equilibrium system of the replica body was affected and did not jump out in the first moments. The tremendous pressure caused by the two mech's forcible breakthroughs in the cosmic wormhole was enough to destroy everything!Rosen tightly clenched his hand into a fist and immediately wished he could throw himself over to rescue that person!
However, right at that moment, a small escape pod suddenly ejected out from the wormhole and rapidly fell into the boundless universe. Rosen reacted and immediately had Black Dragon fly over toward the escape pod! Black Dragon caught up to the rapidly falling escape pod using its highest speed. It exhilaratingly used its tail to wrap around it before the escape pod collided with the drifting wreckage of the warships in the cosmos!
"......" Rosen's heart almost came to a standstill, the palm of his hand has long ago been exuding a layer of cold sweat. Seeing Black Dragon rescue the escape pod, he immediately ordered: "Black Dragon, quickly check and see if there are any signs of life in the escape pod!"
Black Dragon conducted a simple scan of the escape pod it rescued and replied: "Master, the person in this escape pod has lost consciousness, the oxygen inside can still support for half an hour."
Rosen slightly relaxed, "Try to find a place to land!"
"Understood."
Black Dragon automatically searched for a planet in its surroundings to land on. After a while, an unfamiliar planet appears on the screen in front of it, that planet was surrounded by a light green radiance. In the vast and obscure universe, it looks like a beautiful green agate.
Rosen wondered aloud: "Where is this?"
Black Dragon carefully searched the database and answered in a low voice: "Master, we seem to have been thrown into an unknown galaxy by the Isville Cosmic Wormhole. The coordinates here are unable to be categorized by any known galaxies in the Empire's domain. There are also no descriptions whatsoever of this planet's existence."
Rosen: "......"
After being silent for a moment, Rosen looked at the sealed escape pod that Black Dragon had curled its tail around and said in a near whisper: "Land first and we'll worry about the rest later."
***
Black Dragon along with its master and rescued escape pod landed on this unknown planet.
The coverage of green foliage on this planet is extremely high, there are lush forests everywhere, and the oxygen content in the air is also very high.
Because there was no human habitation, there weren't any buildings constructed by mankind here. Although the whole planet is densely forested, it still looks especially desolate. Standing on the planet, you can see the starry sky of the boundless cosmos above your head. The beautiful meteor shower glides through the sky and all kinds of stars in the sky twinkle and shine. This scene of a purely natural starry sky is probably a beautiful sight many people who live on the Capital Star would like to see.
However, Rosen was not in the mood to enjoy the sight of this so-called starry sky.
As soon as Black Dragon reached the ground, he immediately had Black Dragon set the control cabin down. He quickly ran over to that small escape pod.
The escape pod inside mechs is only used as a last resort in any given situation, especially for S-Class mechs......
The pilot of an S-Class mech connects to the nerve pathways of the mech to achieve the state of man and machine as one. Under normal circumstances, the master will not abandon their S-Class mech. It is only when they have no other alternative at the time but to use the escape pod to flee.
It is thus clear that while the mech that was trapped by the terrible pressure of the wormhole, it already had no way to safely escape due to the malfunction of its equilibrium system. Perhaps it was in order to protect its Master that it then used the force of the backlash to shoot the escape pod out......
In other words, that mech has already......
Thinking of the thrilling scene just now, Rosen only felt a throbbing in his heart.
The special metal of the escape pod can resist the extremely high temperatures and pressures for a short period of time. At this moment, the outer layer of metal on the escape pod has already been burned into warping its shape and it is scorched black all over. One could well imagine how dreadful the blazing temperatures were at that time, they may have been burned to ashes had they stayed a few seconds longer.
Rosen took in a deep breath and walked ahead. He had Black Dragon open up the cover of the escape pod.
In that split second, he had even felt his own heart cease to beat—
Peering into the escape pod, he saw a man with distinctly handsome looks curled up into a ball with his eyes tightly shut. His long and thick eyelashes cast a faint shadow on his eyelids. He had overloaded his mind when piloting the mech just a moment ago. He had clearly been excessively sweating. The clothes on his body were all soaked in sweat, and the jet-black ends of his hair were still dripping water down. His delicate and pretty face was as pale as paper and his lips had also completely lost their color.
He was still wearing a military uniform from head to toe, the dark blue military uniform made his figure look well proportioned and slender, his black leather belt accentuated the contours of his lean and perfectly curved waist, and his perfectly straight legs were tightly drawn up.
The helpless appearance of the man curled up with his eyes closed laying down in the escape pod broke through the solid defensive line of Rosen's heart in a flash.
The dark blue badge on his chest, the crescent-shaped marking is familiar enough to make one nearly wish to shed tears.
It was as if nothing had changed at all......
It was as if he was still that indifferent and proud young General of the Dark Night Legion......
Rosen's fingers lightly shook as he slowly caressed that man's face. The warming sensation when his fingertips came in contact with his skin finally allowed him to confirm— this is not a dream.
He is really seeing him......
Reuniting after being apart for 19 years, the unknown planet, his unconscious love, at this moment, any words he thinks to encapsulate his feelings are too bland and lifeless.
There are thousands of words to be said, yet in the end, only two words came out—
"Ling Yu......"
For more than a decade, he had countlessly called this name over and over again his dreams, and now he can speak it out in his presence at last.
His rough voice contained too many emotions, and even Rosen himself didn't know how to confront the person in front of him in the end.
Just looking at his unconscious appearance, an intensely strong feeling of distress still prevailed over everything.
Rosen stooped down and with the gentlest actions, carefully took the man out of the escape pod and softly lifted him up in his arms.
(
TN
: I can already hear it, ah! "Why did you take so long?" I was busy okay! (Binge-watching Guardian lmao, 34 episodes in four (five?) days during school and everything.) That's my excuse, it's not a good one lmao but it's what I got. Begging for forgiveness! Anyways, here we go! We just need Ling Yu to wake up now...)
Chapter 079. The Uninhabited Planet
Ling Yu had an awfully long dream.
Black clouds shrouded densely overhead in his dream, there was darkness between the heavens and the earth and lightning streaks across the vast sky like it was fiercely splitting the earth open. The rumbling explosions of thunder were deafening and the rain poured heavily down making his clothes thoroughly drenched in an instant.
He has seemingly once again returned to his youth, in those dry and dull yet simple years of life in the underground city.
The youth in the dream grasps the metal wire and quickly walks across the top of Locke Castle. The downpour pelts against his body, but he doesn't care at all. He leaps onto the roof and then drops to the ground in three or two leaps with a single-minded focus.
The leather shoes came in contact with the ground and produced a pleasantly light "pa" sound. The youth wiped the rainwater off his face with his hands and pushed open the heavy metal doors of the villa. He took a lift and entered a room on the ground floor.
Ling Yu directed his clear voice towards the kitchen: "Brother, I'm back."
There was someone cooking in the kitchen, a youth with the same tall and thin build, wrapped in a white apron. The youth's expression looks very gentle, he turns his head around to give a smile to the Ling Yu who looked to be completely drenched like a drowned rat, he throws a towel over at him in passing: "Quickly go dry yourself off, you'll catch a cold."
"En." Ling Yu took the towel and patted his black hair dry. He turned around and went to the living room to take a seat.
Ling Feng soon came out with two plates of stir-fried vegetables in both of his hands: spicy pak choi and julienned potatoes. This is the thing they usually end up eating more often than not. The food inside the underground city's storage is limited, meat is even more extremely rare, and the menu for the two brothers has always been monotonous like this. Fortunately, Ling Feng's culinary talent is very good and he can make all kinds of things out of simple potatoes and Chinese cabbage.
Ling Feng dished out a bowl of rice in front of his younger brother and smiled as he said: "Uncle Sean told me today that our identity cards are already done being forged. You can still go by your original name. When I go to school, I will change my name to Sander. This way, it won't arouse people's suspicions. Next winter when we go take part in the exams, so long as we inject out inhibitors on time, we can live the rest of our lives as Betas."
Ling Yu heard his own voice excitedly say: "Great, I really want to hurry up and go see the world outside."
Ling Feng smiled and asked: "Do you have a school that you want to go to?"
Ling Yu raises his head and says: "I want to take the entrance examination to St. Romia Military Academy, naturally the best military academy in our Empire."
Ling Feng's complexion slightly changed, "Are you insane? You want to go to the army? If by any chance you are discovered......"
Ling Yu calmly said: "Brother, we were predestined to be Omegas from birth, whether it be a doctor or a teacher, once you are discovered, it is the same great crime regardless...... If so, why can't I do what I'd like to do?".
Seeing that his older brother had fallen silent, Ling Yu continues on to say: "The Empire has been hard-pressed in the war against the Federation. The Empire's front line has already been consecutively defeated in battles for several years. I want to be a soldier. I want to pilot a mech to the front line to make those Federation bastards join their ancestors— this is my biggest dream. Brother, just consent to it."
Ling Feng frowned: "But there are so many Alphas in the military academy......"
Ling Yu said: "You can rest assured that I will be far away from them. Moreover, the inhibitors Uncle Sean gave us are very reliable, as long as I inject them once every three months no one will know that I am an Omega."
Ling Feng silently looked at his little brother for a long time and only then said in a low voice: "Are you not afraid of dying on the battlefield?"
Ling Yu smiled and said: "Compared to straightforwardly fighting to the death on the battlefield, being put under house arrest like other Omegas to be used as a birthing machine...... don't you think that is even more dreadful?"
***
"Brother, we didn't have our parents around as children, you are my sole relative in this world. If one day, something bad really happens to me on the battlefield, you must not feel sad no matter what." Because, for Ling Yu, this is truly the right place to die......
"Brother......"
Ling Feng was suddenly roused from his dreams.
He also had the same dream of those difficult yet austere days of his youth living in the underground city together with Ling Yu.
The SAV-II virus wreaked havoc and snatched away their father's life that year and their mother also died from poor health after giving birth to the two brothers. The twin brothers were single-handedly brought up by Dr. Sean, who was a Beta.
He and Ling Yu have been interdependent on each other from their childhood, treating each other as their only close relatives. Together, they spent an endlessly long 18 years in the pitch-black underground city without a glimmer of daylight. Later on, they went their separate ways and tested out for different specialized fields. After the two went to school, they couldn't help but find themselves getting in touch with one another less and less, however, the subtle telepathy between them had never been broken off.
Even though they were separated by a great distance, he can still sense the existence of that person and sense his breath of life.
However, at the moment......
This sort of connection was suddenly broken off.
It was as if that younger twin brother of his who was born on the same day abruptly faded away from this world.
Ling Feng sat on the bed in a daze, tears continually slipped from the corners of his eyes, and his face had unwittingly been ice-cold for a long time.
Suddenly, a powerful arm stretched out from behind him and tightly wrapped around his shoulders. At the same time, a warm hand lightly brushed his cheek, gently wiping off the unceasing torrent tears falling from his eyes for him.
Udir's low deep and low voice rang in his ears, "What happened to you? Did you have any nightmares?"
Ling Feng hangs his head down and shakes as he wraps his arms around Udir, burying his face into the warm embrace of the other party.
He could sense that his little brother has encountered great danger. He even felt that his brother already seems to have no signs of life......
The twin brothers who had been living interdependently for so many years and could even sense each other's existence, for this kind of connection to suddenly disappear, it is as if a piece of himself had been dug out from the bottom of my heart, it was as if the other half of his soul was suddenly pulled away from his body......
Ling Feng only felt that the bottom of his heart was incomparably empty.
His younger brother might have already died, this kind of feeling makes him despair to the point of nearly falling apart.
Chapter 080.
Pavo
(
TN
: Pavo is the name of a constellation, it's Latin for "peacock".)
"Ling Yu...... I missed you......"
The deep and low sound of Rosen's hoarse voice rings in his ears, every word is clearly transmitted to his mind. He maintained the saluting posture while being tightly pulled into an embrace by the man. Ling Yu's entire body was as stiff as a statue, he didn't have the slightest clue how to respond.
This man has completely marked him and the two had also done the most intimate thing together......
But for Ling Yu, their first-time intertwining their bodies was just a way for Rosen to help him get through that difficult time in a pinch and nothing more.
Ling Yu always believed the accident of that year to be the result of the influence between Alpha and Omega pheromones. The heavy pheromone scent of an Omega in estrus is enough to make any Alpha lose their sense of reason, even Rosen wouldn't be able to control himself. The pheromones between the two of them affect each other, therefore resulting in them doing things that go "far beyond friendship."
In those three days and three nights in the hidden chamber, Ling Yu's cognizance was jumbled, he only remembered that Rosen frantically embraced him like a wild animal. After the event, he also broke out in a fever and spent a whole week bedridden in the hospital. Those three days' worth of memories gradually became blurred. It was just like a preposterous dreamland that had no ties to reality.
Ling Yu painstakingly ignored the subtle pounding of his heart and only took those three days as a singular experience in a calamatic time.
Later on, too many things happened. He didn't even have enough time to sort out the main threads. He piloted the Black Dragon replica body out of Cepheus right away under the arrangement of His Majesty.
In these years of separation, not a day has gone by that Ling Yu doesn't often think of that man—
His best friend who had helped him with many instances of caring and warmth in his youth, his trusted comrade-in-arms who calmly helped him get through his estrus in times of crisis, the top general who made use of his pregnancy as grounds to successfully rescue him from prison—
That man's deep eyes and his handsome facial features as he smiles at himself frequently appear in his dreams too......
Rosen is special to him, a special existence placed in some hidden nook at the bottom of his heart.
At the time of this reunion, despite Ling Yu maintaining an unbothered expression and saluting the other person in accordance with standard military etiquette, the sweat exuding from the palm of his other hand nevertheless betrayed him long ago.
—Betraying the nervousness of his heart.
Furthermore, what he didn't expect was that Rosen went so far as to hold him straight into his arms, even whispering in his ear saying, "I missed you......"
Ling Yu's heart suddenly trembled.
One simple sentence almost instantly smashed through the ice-cold, solid lines of defense in his heart.
In the sudden rigid atmosphere, he wanted to push away the other side's hand. Ling Yu had one hand in a ceremonial military salute and the other hand was placed in a strange position on Rosen's chest. Rosen tightly pulled him into his arms. His face flashed between red and white, a sliver of confusion and blankness gradually emerged in his dark eyes.
—I really missed you?
—As the Marshal of the Emperor's XX Department, how could Rosen tell him this kind of thing?
—Don't you think that kind of thing is somewhat strange to say between colleagues in the military?
But what is even more strange is that hearing him say something like this, his own heartbeat seems to also inexplicably...... speed up?
Ling Yu was just blankly staring off into space, somewhat at a loss in growing awareness of his heart violently beating inside his chest. No matter how Rosen continually tightened up his hug, he nevertheless did not say a word.
The military cap worn properly on his head fell down to the ground due to this action, revealing his ink-like dark hair. His hair has long-since been saturated in sweat and under the illumination emitted in the gave, it gave off the glossy luster of a gem. However, Ling Yu was too occupied to attend to his cap. His mind had already gone blank from Rosen closely holding him.
"I missed you...... You know?"
Rosen's fingers lightly stroked Ling Yu's black hair and he unceasingly whispered in his ear.
His soft hair slips through the space between his fingers just like a feather softly tickling the bottommost tip of his heart.
Rosen rested his chin on Ling Yu's shoulder and took in a deep breath— that refreshing, chilling scent of Ling Yu made him become just as intoxicated and infatuated as it did in his memories. It made him wish he could press himself all the way into this man's body and never part.
"Ling Yu, I've always regretted all of these years. I regretted that I didn't ask you to stay, I didn't even clearly explain everything...... At the time I marked you, it was not at all because you were an Omega in estrus, but rather because...... you were Ling Yu."
Rosen slightly let go of his embrace and place both of his hands on Ling Yu's shoulders, earnestly gazing into his eyes, he said in a low voice: "You are special to me, the only one, do you understand?"
Ling Yu was stumped for words, he moved his line of sight away from Rosen's face and said in a feigned calmness: "I've never intended to blame you for what happened so long ago back then. You don't have to mind it nor explain it."
Rosen:" ...... "
He reached out his hand to pinch his chin and forced the man's face to shift over, making him look face to face with himself. Rosen stared straight into Ling Yu's eyes and said word by word: "Do you still not understand? I'm saying...... I like you."
Ling Yu stared blankly for a moment and then looked at him in shock, "......what?"
Rosen spoke in a deep voice: "If I didn't like you, how could I possibly not only personally mark you, but also have you bear a child? Don't tell me you think I would also do that much if it was any other Omega?"
Ling Yu hesitated, "Wouldn't you?" He paused and once again doubtfully said, "......you wouldn't help them if it was anyone else?"
Rosen: "......"
Being met with his questioning eyes, Rosen immediately felt a burst of hopelessness.
Sure enough, the only thing remaining inside this little guy's hard head is a variety of military theorems, as far as feelings are concerned, he is simply slow-witted to a certain extent!
He had certainly thought him marking him in those days was "the loyalty between comrades-in-arms to help one another" and being "unable to retrain himself under the influence of pheromones", or even thinking that it would also be exactly the same with any other Omega or Alpha.
Chapter 081. Pavo
At the same time, Capital Star, Cepheus.
By the time Drew finished up the military's secret meeting and returned to his bedroom, Berg had already woken up.
Drew took a seat at his bedside and bent over to place a kiss on his forehead, softly speaking into Berg's ear: "I'm going to take the Hydra Legion on a campaign tomorrow, wait for me at home to return."
Berg was startled and puzzledly said: "Campaign? Where to?"
Seeing Drew faintly purse his brows, Berg then looked away, and quietly said: "If it inconveniences you to say, just don't say it."
Drew: "......"
Ever since he found out that Berg is the second leader of the Undercurrent, although there were many instances of being intimate with their bodies between the two of them, there was still a bit of a barrier between them. For Drew, who has always been honest and strict, ignoring the military's pursuit order of the Undercurrent for his spouse has already made him feel very guilty. He can no longer tell Berg about military secrets
As a General, he has an obligation to keep the military decision-making confidential, even if Berg is his own lover, he cannot go against the principle of a soldier again.
Looking at Berg's lowered head, a stab of pain struck Drew's heart, he said in a whisper: "......I'm sorry."
Drew set forth to leave the bedroom. After going two steps, he suddenly heard Berg's voice behind him: "Come back safely, remember that I am here waiting for you."
Drew's stare went blank and he turned his head back to be met with Berg's gentle and soft gaze. He immediately walked two or three steps back to the bedside, hugged Berg, and firmly kissed him.
The prolonged farewell kiss seemed to have a soothing power and it also significantly alleviated the awkward atmosphere of a moment ago. Drew lightly caressed the mark on the nape of his lover's neck, he tenderly gazed upon him and said in a low voice: "You can rest assured, I will definitely come back safely...... Wait for me at home."
Berg smiled and nodded as he said, "I believe you."
After Drew left, Berg was silent for a moment, he then he got up and locked the door and connected to the secret communicator within the Imperial Palace.
Soon, the face of His Majesty, Trent's face appeared on the screen. Trent asked: "What's the matter, Berg?"
Berg calmly said: "Wang Xiong, Drew will lead the Hydra Legion on a campaign tomorrow, you are certainly aware of this matter?"
Trent nodded, "Someone just recently reported to me from the military side. Rosen was accidentally drawn into a cosmic wormhole. His whereabouts are unknown at the moment. The military decided to temporarily keep this news undisclosed. The Hydra Legion was dispatched to provide assistance to the Glory Legion and search for Rosen's whereabouts in passing."
Berg faintly frowned, "If this happens, then won't the Capital Star just be left undefended......"
Trent nodded and said: "What you say is true, that it is undoubtedly an exceptionally good opportunity for them to move the Glory Legion and the Hydra Legion away. Just in case to serve as protection, immediately think of a way to take the Nine-Tailed Fox away."
Berg gingerly says," Okay, I know how to do it."
After cutting off the communicator, Berg immediately changes into a suit of clothes he rummaged out of a safe and went to the front of the Bayh Family's five-story mech warehouse, he snuck into the basement and used a password to open a secret door.
—That place is precisely a secret door that leads to the underground city of Locke Castle.
***
When Berg arrived at the underground city, Dave was slouched over, he passed out right on the table. This lazy Omega's hair was still just as messy as a beggar's and the clothes on his body were also put on crookedly. He is extremely talented in the mech manufacturing aspect, but his lifestyle was sloppy to the extreme.
Berg helplessly smiled and lightly tapped on the tabletop in front of him.
Dave woke up with a start, he rubbed his sleep-ladened eyes and looked at the man with a cold expression for a while. After a moment's pause, he recognized who the other person was. He immediately jumped up from his stool and smiled: "Boss! How did you get the time to come over?"
As the second leader of the Undercurrent, all of the Undercurrent members kindly referred to Prince Berg as "Boss".
Berg got straight to the point: "I have come to take away the Nine-Tailed Fox, have you completed all of the follow-up work here?"
Dave scratched the complete mess of hair on his head that was comparable to a bird's nest and said with a bit of befuddlement: "It has already been completed, ah. The space button is also good to go. Didn't His Majesty say to wait for the two pilots to come around and then restart this mech?"
Berg said in a lowered voice: "There's not enough time."
After he finished speaking, he turned around and walked towards the hidden chamber storing the mech, Dave immediately caught up with his footsteps.
He opened the door of the hidden chamber, he, sure enough, caught sight of a brand-new mech towering above in a wide space of a hundred square meters. The contours of the mech flew smoothly, its nine tails were drooped laxly behind it. The shiny metal emitted a dazzling orange luster under the gleam of the lighting.
Berg couldn't help but exclaim on admiration: "This really is the best work."
Dave smiled and scratched his head, he took out the space button on his finger and put the mech away into it. He handed the space button back over to Berg's hand.
Berg looked back at him and said: "You mustn't stay here either. It's not safe." Berg gave it a thought. He took out a slip of paper and wrote down an address and name before passing it on to Dave, "Go to Planet Oman and look for this person, go into hiding for the time being."
Dave nodded and said: "Got it, Boss. I will pack things up and get going tomorrow."
Berg quickly returned to the Bayh Residence through the secret passageway of the underground city.
When he walked up to the residence, he saw a few personal guards stationed at the doorway. They were the most trusted subordinates of Drew. The lights in the study were on. Evidently, Drew was currently straightening out some materials in the study. Those several close soldiers of the Personal Guard Battalion were probably just waiting for their General.
Berg walked up to the front of those few people and smiled and said to a Beta whose figure greatly resembled his own: "I have some mech parts here that I need to move upstairs, the home robot is broken, could you come over and help me out?"
After a moment of that soldier being in a stunned silence, he immediately gave a respectful salute and said: "Yes, Madam!"
The people of the Hydra Legion all knew how highly their General regarded his wife. Under the influence of Drew, Berg was similar to the existence of a male god in the eyes of the soldiers in the Hydra Legion.
It is his honor to have the privilege of the General's wife call on him for help.
The young Beta excitedly followed Berg to the parts warehouse and looks blankly at the warehouse packed full of parts for a moment. He says, puzzled: "Madam, which parts did you want to be moved......"
The soldier turned his head back around, he had still not come down from the excitement of "being able to help the General's wife handle something" when his back suddenly went numb and then his two eyes rolled back, he involuntarily fell to the floor.
Berg withdrew the anesthetic needle in his hand and quickly put the soldier's military uniform on his body. As quick as possible, he made a mask in accordance with his appearance and carefully pasted it to his face.
When he returned to the doorway of the Bayh Residence, the soldier off to the side lowered his head and glanced at his comrade whose face was mostly covered by a military cap. He somewhat doubtfully asked: "Mike, have you finished helping the Madam relocate the parts so soon?" "
"Mike" nodded and said in a lowered voice: "En, I finished moving everything."
Right at this time, Drew walked out from his home office and dressed in a neat four-star top general military uniform, his gaze indifferently swept past his subordinates of the Personal Guard Battalion and he said in a lowered voice: "Let's get moving."
A group of soldiers immediately saluted, saying: "Yes! General!"
The soldiers orderly boarded the Hydra Legion's suspension vehicle engraved with a serpentine totem. The Hydra Legion sets off towards their base camp.
Not a single person paid attention to that among the soldiers, there was one who had their face covered by a military cap and a slightly raised smile.
***
When Rosen returned to the cave, he saw Ling Yu seated on the huge rock in the cave. He held the military cap that he had picked up from the ground. The distinct joints of his fair and slender fingers softly rubbed against the brim of the military cap, it seems as if he was in the middle of fretting over something.
Ling Yu's personality is entirely unlike that kind of gentleness and softness of an Omega. He is used to the identity of a General. He is used to standing aloft and commanding his Legion. Every time he puts on his military uniform, he gives off a sense of pride and ice-cold asceticism.
But he is nevertheless inherently an Omega, his body shape has an awful lot of distinctive characteristics belonging to an Omega— such as his lean build, his perfectly straight and slender legs, a slim waist that could be tightly held with one arm, and an extremely flexible and pliable body......
This man is undoubtedly an Omega of the purest bloodline, but his personality is more stubborn and unyielding than some Alphas.
At this moment, he was sitting on the rock and frowning as he ponders, and the profile of his face appeared all the more fair and delicate under the illumination of the fluorescence within the cave.
Rosen stood frozen in place, watching him quietly.
The beats of his heart began to quicken, looking at that familiar person in front of him. That pounding of his heart was just as it was before in those days.
—This man is one of a kind. He's so special that there is not one person who would be able to replace him.
—This is the only Omega General in the Empire, the person Rosen loves the most, the most valuable treasure he places in his heart.
The appearance of a frowning Ling Yu is no doubt ice-cold and solemn. His whole body even imperceptibly exudes a chilly nip in the air of "those who get near me shall perish". If it was anyone else, perhaps they would simply not dare to get close, but in Rosen's eyes, Ling Yu's appearance as he knits his brow is on the contrary, very good-looking. The image of him quietly sitting there is definitely the most preciously beautiful sight.
Rosen's gaze has been continuously cast upon Ling Yu's body as if he could never tire of looking.
Sensing the other-side's red-hot gaze, Ling Yu puzzledly turned his head over in return. He lifted his chin up and looked at Rosen: "What is it?"
Rosen smiled and walked over to his side, also sitting down on that stone, and softly asked: "What are you thinking about?"
Ling Yu: "........."
This question cannot be answered.
Because he was just thinking about the matter of "estrus".
Over the years, Ling Yu has always injected his inhibitor on time in intervals of once every three months, the next injection time should be on the 1st of next month, it is now the 18th, and there is 12 more day's time until his estrus......
It would indeed be very difficult to leave here and return to Naomi Star within 12 days.
They not only need to find a galaxy air route that can be space jumped, but they also need to allow the mech, Black Dragon, to sufficiently replenish its energy. Not to mention that Pavo is very far away from the Northern Hemisphere Constellations where the Empire is located. The route of this journey in the universe will take a lot of time, just the power source issue is enough to make Ling Yu's head ache.
Black Dragon only has 10% energy remaining, solely relying on the conversion of solar energy, at what year and at what month will its reserves be full?
If he is still unable to leave here after 12 days......
Ling Yu can't help but lift his head and look at Rosen.
Fortunately, with an Alpha around, at least he won't have a mental breakdown due to there not being anyone to mark him during his estrus.
At that time, in the event that he genuinely goes into estrus, just let Rosen......
Thinking back to those scenes in his memories of his body being occupied by this man, the bottom of Ling Yu's heart tightened up and he immediately moves his line of sight away.
Rosen was being looked at without rhyme or reason.
His Omega suddenly looked up and gave a cold glance at him, then immediately afterward removed his gaze. What does this mean? Does it mean he's angry?
Rosen asked in confusion: "What's wrong? Were you hurt just now in the wormhole? Do you want to have Black Dragon to check it for you?"
Ling Yu insipidly said: "I'm fine."
Being too close to Rosen made his heartbeat inexplicably speed up. This kind of strange reaction made Ling Yu somewhat irritable, he shifted to the side without batting an eyelid, keeping a friendly distance spanning one meter with Rosen.
Rosen glanced at him carefully and found that he didn't look like he was injured, so only then did he relinquish his worries.
Walking to the middle of the wide-open space in the middle of the cave, Rosen called out Black Dragon, he moved the bed out from Black Dragon's control cabin and set it up in the cave. He also moved the sofa out and placed it to the side. He even pulled out some drinking water and food, he even thoughtfully moved out a dining table.
Ling Yu: "..............."
This is truly Rosen. He doesn't think of any ways to get out of here as soon as possible, but he instead swiftly moves his hands and feet about to pretty the cave up. The barren cave was very quickly fixed up by him into a temporary room, it was as if the two were not swept away by a cosmic wormhole to a desolate unknown planet, but rather on a vacation to the countryside.
Ling Yu looked at the large bed, sofa, and dining table that terribly conflicted with the surrounding environment......
He finally couldn't help but frown and say: "If we don't think of a way to leave here as soon as possible, will you instead plan on staying here forever?"
Rosen explained in all seriousness: " I also want to go back as soon as possible, but the circumstances don't allow it."
Ling Yu: "......"
This is actually the truth.
Rosen smiled and said: "Black Dragon needs to replenish enough energy to execute space jumps. Moreover, Pavo is too far from the Empire and is also close to the Federation's domain. If by any chance we just jump out and were immediately met with a Legion of the Federation, how wouldn't that just be throwing away our lives in vain?"
Rosen came up to Ling Yu, looked down to gaze at him, and also softened his tone a bit, "Since there's nothing we can do to leave for a while, we'll be living here for a few days then." Rosen pointed to the bed behind him, "Why don't you get some sleep if you're tired?"
Ling Yu: "......"
Rosen's gentle tone as he looks after him makes Ling Yu feel very awkward.
He is a General who in the past had always played the role of a decision-maker, he never required the care of others. Rosen's tone was truly so gentle that it made his scalp go numb.
Looking back at the cave, it looked very out of place putting the bed and sofa inside the originally empty cave. However, Ling Yu did not mind these details. The soft sofa was obviously much more comfortable than the hard stone. He would not have to continue enduring sitting on the cold stone with the sofa.
Ignoring the peculiarities of his heart, Ling Yu went to one side of the sofa and sat down. He attentively looked at the various ores emitting a fluorescence on the walls of the cave— these ores are all different in shape and look very beautiful. Only, he's never seen them before. Ling Yu is also unable to ascertain what the use these kinds of ores have.
After some silence, Black Dragon suddenly said: "Master, the communicator has received a message from Lin Yuan."
When Ling Yu who was sitting on the sofa heard this name, his back suddenly went stiff.
Rosen glanced at him and looked back Black Dragon, saying, "Open it."
Black Dragon immediately projects the characters of the message in the air—
"Father, is this campaign still going well? I am awaiting your safe and sound return."
A simple line of sending a greeting, the time it was sent out was in the wee hours of one o'clock in the morning, but at present, the time was four o'clock in the early morning.
Pavo doesn't have a corresponding signal from a space station, their connection with the Empire has been completely severed, this message should have been received at the time of the wormhole, resulting in it being delayed for a few hours. Rosen picked up his communicator and re-dialed Lin Yuan's number, but he couldn't get through.
Ling Yu was sat on the sofa, frowning as he looked at the simple line of characters that Black Dragon projected, in particular, the address of "Father", which made his mood very complicated and he could not help but ask: "Xiao Yuan knows that you are......? "
Rosen gave a small smile and went up to him. He sat down on the sofa shoulder to shoulder, he explained in a low voice: "I've met up with Xiao Yuan before, Xiao Yuan knows I am his father. I permitted the initiation of a communication connection with the highest authority between Black Dragon and Suzaku, he can skip directly over the military defense network and send me messages. Oh, by the way, Suzaku is now in Xiao Yuan's hands."
Ling Yu: "......"
Rosen looked his head back to look at him, his voice asked with a softness: "Would you like to see what your son looks like?"
Ling Yu's face appeared to be pretending to be undisturbed, but there was a lingering desire revealed in his eyes. Rosen soon had Black Dragon play a film.
This was when Rosen paid a visit to Mrs. Lin on Planet Rennes and saw fragments of video recordings of the Xiao Yuan's childhood. After obtaining the approval of Mrs. Lin, he copied the video materials and placed it in Black Dragon's data center.
Black Dragon affectionately projected a big screen onto the cave wall and began to play a video of Lin Yuan from when he was a child.
A four-year-old little guy who had just recently come to Mrs. Lin's home was rolling around in the bedroom on a bed, he rolled into a somersault from one end of a bed to the other, not tiring a bit. Flipping by himself from here to there, he looked like he was having a great time playing......
The true to life 3D video makes the image appear extraordinarily clear, just as if the child was in front of himself.
Ling Yu looked at the child's unruly manner as he rolled on the bed, an unbearable stabbing pain burst in the bottom of his heart.
Back during the time when he sent the child away, that child had just turned four years old. Even for someone as strong as Ling Yu, there was no way for him to placidly bear the pain when faced with this kind of separation from his own flesh and blood. Fortunately, he had Ling Feng at his side to accompany him. Over the years, he has always learned about his son as he grew up through Zhou Yi and Fornt. He knows that he is in good health, he has very good grades, and he has also won many trophies......
As a dad, he is both gratified and feels a great sense of loss.
As a General, he shoulders too many responsibilities, but he had no way to fulfill his responsibility as a dad.
He couldn't accompany his son as he grew up, this may be his biggest regret.
At this moment, watching the scattered fragments of the small child's life in the videotapes, watching him gradually grow up, from a chubby little ball into a slenderly built teenager, Ling Yu's heart suddenly had mixed feelings. His chest is tight and he is lost for words.
Rosen looked at the expression on Ling Yu's face and had guessed his thoughts long ago. He couldn't help but gently throw his arm around his shoulder and say with a hushed voice: "I also have some video recordings of Xiao Yuan participating in a competition. Do you want to take a look?"
Ling Yu nodded.
Rosen had Black Dragon play another video.
This is a video of a match recorded in this year's National Mech Competition. A red humanoid mech is on the field and charges to attack an enemy and it is unstoppable like a hurricane. All kinds of high-difficulty movements are connected and flow together seamlessly. Enthusiastic applause constantly erupts from the audience.
Rosen points at that mech and speaks with pride in his voice: "This red mech is the one your son is piloting. In terms of mech piloting, he has entirely inherited our talent. His mental threshold may even be higher than yours and mine."
Ling Yu was unable to take his eyes off of the screen.
Lin Yuan cleverly avoided his opponent's attack and his movements were neat and efficient, that air rotation in particular was extraordinarily beautiful, he even still made use of a spare moment to turn the blade in his hand over and cut down towards the other party.
The corners of Ling Yu's mouth could not help but slightly lift up.
This child's mech piloting level is very good, he was able to achieve this stage at such a young age, he proved himself to be his son.
After the video of the competition, the final award ceremony quickly followed. Lin Yuan, as the representative of the school, came onto the stage to receive the award. The young man's military saluting posture towards the honored guests was incomparably proper. He stood with his body ramrod straight, even though he looked somewhat soft and immature, his body however already had the air of a soldier that closely followed his father's righteousness and pridefulness.
After getting the award, Lin Yuan smiled at the camera lens, the smile on his face gleamed and shone like dazzling sunlight.
—This is indeed their child, carrying their bloodline on.
Rosen looked at Ling Yu earnestly fixing his attention on the screen, he also cannot help but warm his tone, "Xiao Yuan looks very much like you. When I saw him for the first time, I felt that he was especially familiar."
It seems to be due to his son being on the screen that Ling Yu's constant expression of cold indifference minusculely softened too. He even rarely answered Rosen's words and said faintly: "I don't think he looks like me...... How does he like smiling so much?"
Rosen said in a whisper: "He is just as slow as you are too."
Ling Yu did not hear clearly and asked: "What did you say?"
Rosen slightly smiled and said: "His appearance doesn't look too much like you, but his eyes look especially like yours."
"Do they?" Ling Yu looked back at Rosen, just in time to be met with Rosen's gaze.
......their puzzled expressions truly look extremely alike.
Both father and son have a pair of jet-black and clear eyes. Although the big one's eyes are always cold and indifferent and the little one's eyes always carry along a smiling expression. But if you look closely, you could still make out those kinds of genetic qualities that come from the connection of their bloodlines.
Perhaps Ling Yu himself did not think so, but as far as Rosen is concerned, when he saw such a pair of eyes, the shock of this heart was simply beyond words.
Rosen earnestly gazed into Ling Yu's eyes. After a good while, he reached out and gently held the back of Ling Yu's hand. He spoke in a soft voice: "Ling Yu, our son, Xiao Yuan, he is very outstanding, isn't he?" "
Our son......
This sentence was spoken naturally beyond compare, just as if an old man and his wife were talking about their child.
But Ling Yu was simply unable to refute it.
That's right, that is indeed their child, that child is both of their own flesh and blood and their genes have been passed on to him. This wonderful son is the pride of his two fathers and he has also become a type of bloodline connection between his two fathers that is impossible to be severed.
Being lightly gripped by Rosen's fingers, looking at his son's glittering smile facing the camera lens. Ling Yu unexpectedly forgot for a moment to break away from Rosen's hand.
The two sat side by side on the sofa and watched the video recording of their son's match together. Inexplicably, Ling Yu suddenly thought......
There seems to be a strange bond that closely joins our hearts together.
The author has something to say: A new volume is starting!
eta Ursae Majoris Starfield settled the Snow family, you look forward to the Ball family's meat and being reunited, ah, it is all in this volume, ah~!
Thanks to the fans who cast an Overlord Ticket during this time, the list of names goes on and on~~ each person gets a muah~ ~
I take the landmines and give them to Black Dragon for padding in some energy, Black Dragon doesn't move, the Master is stranded on Pavo (Is it to your liking?) ~
(
TN
: Ha! Happy Thanksgiving! For me at least... Even if you don't celebrate it, here nonetheless is a show of my gratitude, by doing what I always do and uploading a new chapter! Ai~ So what if it's nothing out of the ordinary for a translator to do lol, there is a special ingredient I put in while translating! That! Is! Love! I couldn't edit it as in-depth as I wished, I must run off to spend time with my family instead of hermiting myself away in the basement. Ah, look at the time, I must go! Don't forget to eat lots of canned cranberry jelly loves!)
Chapter 082. Traitor
It was only until the video on the screen completely finished playing that Ling Yu abruptly reacted—
He did not take notice of Rosen's approach, he even let Rosen hold his hand?
Ling Yu went stiff, an intimate distance like this made him feel thoroughly awkward from the bottom of his heart and he immediately pulled his hand back without batting an eyelid. He got up and went to the side of the dining table, his gaze made a full rotation sweeping across the food on the table. He found a small box of biscuits and ate it as soon as he tore the package open.
There is a lounge and a food reserve inside the S-Class mech. Rosen not only moved the bed and sofa out from the lounge and into the cave, but he also took both of the food and drinking water out. He would normally eat food freshly-made in the kitchen on the Glory Command Carrier, the food stored in Black Dragon's reserve hold was all vacuum-sealed biscuits and the like, the two of them could only eat for three days at most.
In other words, on this strange planet, they not only had to worry about the issue of Black Dragon's power source, but they also need to worry about the issue of their food. It would be too tragic if these two Generals had smoothly escaped from the battlefield only to end up being starved to death.
Ling Yu consumed a small box of biscuits, he evidently had not eaten his fill and so he opened another box.
—Just like Lin Yuan, this dad of his is also a big eater. However, unlike Lin Yuan who wore a smile on his face and looked satisfied as he ate something, when this dad of his ate something, his face was expressionless just as if he were swiftly and decisively marching into battle.
In just three short minutes, five empty biscuit bags appeared on the dining table.
General Ling Yu disposed of his food just as quickly as he disposed of his enemies, amazingly quick and violent.
Rosen couldn't help but once again think of the gluttonous Lin Yuan.
Sure enough, genetic inheritance is an awfully wonderful kind of thing. These two father and son undoubtedly look different and there is also an extremely great disparity in their personalities, but he can always find a few subtle commonalities between them at hand.
—Such as the same slowness and the same super large appetites. As Omegas, they both have the same bone-deep pride and desire for freedom.
Looking at Ling Yu and thinking of his son, that sense of kinship makes a trace of warmth and a feeling of happiness well up in Rosen's heart.
Ling Yu and Xiao Yuan, these two people are the ones that he wishes to protect and cherish in his lifetime. They survived without a hitch and even though they fell on this strange planet, Rosen believes that there will inevitably be a day for their whole family to reunite.
After Ling Yu had eaten his fill, he saw Rosen sitting on the couch looking at him from start to finish, he soon opened his mouth and asked: "Are you not hungry"
Right after he spoke he looked around for a box of biscuits on the table and threw it over, "Here you go."
Rosen accurately reached out to accept it. With a glance, he found they were vanilla-flavored compressed biscuits. He was surprised and couldn't help but ask: "Do you actually remember that this is my favorite flavor?"
"......" Ling Yu faintly said, "I took whatever was closest."
Rosen did not refute him, yet he couldn't help but slightly lift his lips up.
The Marshal who had always been cold, detached, and unyielding smiles in the presence of the person he loves almost as many times as he had in a year. If his subordinates in the Glory Legion caught sight of the way their Marshal's smiled, they would likely be terrified.
There is indeed nothing to be done, looking at the person he likes wearing a cold expression standing in front of him, Rosen cannot help but be in a cheery mood.
—Even remembering which biscuits he is fond of eating, does he still dare say that he is not in his heart?
Ling Yu's brain is pondering over various military strategies 60% of the time. The remaining 40% of the time it is either dreaming or inactive. Personal feelings take up less than 1% of the space in his brain. To him, his relationships with others are only a few simple varieties— strangers, enemies, loved ones, and comrades-in-arms. Rosen was apparently classified by him into the "comrades-in-arms" category.
—It is absolutely vital to properly talk over the status of the relationship between the two of them.
However, Rosen had not even had time to open his mouth to speak when Ling Yu abruptly spoke up: "It seems like we will be going to be staying on this planet for a very long time. If you are not there...... Will the Glory Legion be alright?"
Bringing up the subject of his Legion, Rosen can't help but be serious, "Everything will be fine. When I am not there, Lieutenant General Victor will temporarily take my place and manage the Legion, but on the Federation side......" Rosen paused and raised his head to look at Ling Yu as he spoke, "Although when we left the Greedy Wolf Legion and the Falcon Legion had retreated, it is nevertheless hard to say that Vladimir won't make a comeback."
Ling Yu lowered his head in thought and said: "Vladimir is naturally predisposed to be crafty and paranoid. Since he found out that Naomi Star has a mysterious base, he should not act without careful consideration. In fact, the Federation's resources from stars are many and the most precious energy stones that have also been extracted by him from Naomi Star are good enough. Giving up Naomi Star is not a big loss for him...... ......I actually think that he would lead his Legion straight back to the central starfield of the Federation "
Rosen was silent for a moment, "The mysterious base on Naomi Star that you're talking about is the armed forces that were surreptitiously helping me when I was fighting the Greedy Wolf Legion? Then the air-guided missiles that were fired at the rear of the Greedy Wolf Legion at that time were under your command?"
Ling Yu nodded and said: " Yes, that's right."
Rosen looked at him with a complex expression, after a good while he then asked in a low voice: "Ling Yu, you've been hidden away in the dark for all these years, what have you been doing after all? Is this all...... His Majesty's plan?"
Ling Yu lifted his head up and his clear black eyes seriously looked at Rosen, "If I spill every secret, will you be able to put enough trust in me? Will you stand on the side of His Majesty and me?"
Rosen earnestly looked at Ling Yu and said: "I believe in you and His Majesty. I am also willing to stand side by side with you two. If you and His Majesty are actually doing something that I am truly unable to tolerate, I would rather voluntarily resign myself from my post of Marshal than stand in opposition to the two of you......"
Rosen stood up from the sofa and walked in front of Ling Yu, lowering his head to fix his gaze upon him, his eyes were gentle and soft, yet his tone was contrarily exceptionally firm, "Ling Yu, you are the man I love the most. His Majesty is also someone who had the kindness to recognize my worth and place me in this position. I, Rosen, will never raise arms against the two of you."
Ling Yu: "........."
Ling Yu's heart suddenly trembled—
I would rather resign from my post of Marshal, I also wouldn't raise arms against the two of you either?
This is Rosen's devotion and trust in him and His Majesty?
Yet he and His Majesty, however, had not completely trusted this person.
If at that time he didn't want to avoid Rosen due to his pregnancy, if he had trusted Rosen enough to tell him the full truth, this man would not have suffered so much over these past years......
As soon as he thought of him going so far as to set up a tombstone at his home, Ling Yu then felt a grip tightening around his heart.
Looking up at Rosen's resolute gaze, there was well-deserved trustworthiness closely packed in there.
Ling Yu looked at him and spoke from his heart, "Rosen, thank you."
Rosen couldn't help but smile— the last time they chatted about military affairs was more than ten years ago. The night before the Ling Yu commanded the military to raid Naomi Star, Rosen went over it in the command headquarters on Planet Rennes. The two people sat in the courtyard and chatted casually as they admired the snowy scenery.
Planet Rennes snows all year round, but on that day, it was actually a rare sunny day. Rosen was never able to forget how the resplendent stars in the night sky shone in the clear eyes of the young General in front of him. They peacefully looked at each other face to face as if they were the only two people left in the entire world.
He smiled and saw Ling Yu off to the battle. Unexpectedly, Ling Yu ran into trouble on the battlefield. His identity as an Omega was exposed. When he returned to the Cigar Galaxy, he was already beaten black and blue. Within one short month, the military was riding amidst the winds of change and after that, they were then separated as long as 19 years.
After so many years had passed, today, the two actually stood together once more.
......Ling Yu, you have no idea at all what kind of happiness it brings Rosen to stand beside you.
Rosen spoke softly: "What have you been planning with His Majesty? Tell me clearly, okay?"
Ling Yu looked down to think it over for a moment before opening his mouth to speak: "His Majesty has always suspected that there are traitors in the military. He wishes to carry out a cleansing. Do you still remember the proposal from the Central Hospital's research team put forth pertaining to the reform of Omega Rights during those days?"
The motion proposed to utilize the method of in vitro fertilization for embryo transplantation to improve the fertility rate of Beta and resolve the issue of the decreasing population growth, thereby allowing Omegas to use medicine to control involuntary estrus and have the ability to receive the same freedoms and jobs as Alphas and Betas. All Omegas can choose their own schools before they turn 18 and they cannot involuntarily be forcibly designated a marriage after turning 18 years old either.
The scientists at Imperial Central Hospital stated that the only way to thoroughly resolve the lurking peril hidden in the negative population growth is to achieve true equality between the three ABO sexes. Just controlling Omegas will only cause adverse effects. Many Omegas suffer from clinical depression due to feeling repressed even though their fertility rates are high. There are Omegas everywhere whose physical conditions are getting worse and worse because of postpartum depression. There are even Omegas who commit suicide due to postpartum depression.
This proposal caused an uproar in the military. For those Alphas who are pure-blood elitists, they are used to treating Omegas like their own personal belongings. To allow Omegas to inject medicine to control estrus and to even have freedom, they certainly are unable to tolerate it.
This proposal was quickly met with rejection and the President of the Omega Protection Association at the time who was acting in concert with the experts from Imperial Central Hospital to put forward this proposal had even been removed from office as a result.
Back then, Rosen was only a Colonel, this also remains fresh in his memory, "I remember afterward that the proposal was vetoed by the military."
Ling Yu spoke coldly: "Most of the elders who held power in the past were chauvinists of the highest pure-blood elitism. This proposal had assuredly been overruled. However, they probably did not expect that the supporter behind this proposal was, in fact, His Majesty, Trent.
Rosen said in astonishment: "It was His Majesty?"
Ling Yu nodded. "His Majesty asked people to raise this proposal, but he only wanted to test the waters of the military's position. In those days, after Queen Anna had given birth to the eldest prince, she had been having constant postpartum depression, plus the eldest prince is also an Omega. His Majesty wanted to fight for a few freedoms and rights for his wife and children and he also wishes to fight for Omegas in the whole Empire. He has always wanted to reform this kind of corrupt system ever since he succeeded the throne, but he can't directly set himself against the military. So he is cultivating his own power."
Ling Yu, as a Beta in those days, had always been a lowly Lieutenant Colonel even though he time and time again drew up outstanding military service. Just because of his identity as a Beta, the motion to confer him the rank of General had been repeatedly been met with opposition of the Alphas in the military. If it wasn't for His Majesty's insistence and the pressure of public opinion from the masses, the proposal to grant the rank of Major General to Ling Yu would have never gone through. In a similar fashion, Rosen too had a hard time getting promoted in the military due to the decline of his family's influence.
It can be said that he and Ling Yu are both officers who had been pulled up for promotion by His Majesty's hand.
Ling Yu carried on speaking: "Later, the influence of the Glory Legion and the Dark Night Legion grew to be more and more powerful. Several generalissimos of the military began to perceive this crisis. They wanted to get rid of me, but they could not find anything to use against me. Thus they used deplorable means......"
Recalling those days into his mind, Ling Yu's gaze immediately grew sharp, "No one knew that I was an Omega and I had always left it to Suzaku to hold my inhibitors in safekeeping. It was simply impossible for there to have been a mistake. The only explanation is that someone secretly drugged my food or drinking water, causing my inhibitor to suddenly fail and make me unexpectedly go into estrus......"
Ling Yu lightly tightened his hand into a fist, "Their real intentions were to have me die, but they didn't want to bring about such unexpected consequences. You later utilized my pregnancy to use as an excuse to save me from prison. Even when they attempted to assassinate me they weren't able to take my life. So, with the help of His Majesty, I secretly piloted the Black Dragon replica and left Cepheus. In addition, I also left behind a large number of mech fragments in the interstellar ruins in order to make those people think that I had died...... This was the only way that they would be put to rest I would be able to safely keep on living."
Listening to Ling Yu serenely bringing up that part of his past, Rosen couldn't help but feel a burst of heartache.
Ling Yu went through too many hardships and setbacks as an Omega.
In order to save his life at that time, Ling Yu did not tell anyone the truth, he even had reservations about Rosen to some extent...... Because he was already at the end of his rope, even if there was a 1/10,000 possibility of betrayal, he could not afford to take that gamble. Therefore he might as well just not tell anyone at all. This was simply due to his instinctual protection of himself.
He had already been completely let down by the military, he could no longer fully trust anyone in the military.
Seeing Ling Yu tightly clenching his fists, Rosen couldn't help but lightly place his hand on his shoulder and ask with a soft voice: "What happened afterward? Where did you escape to?"
Ling Yu took in a deep breath to stabilize his mood a bit. After skipping over the matter of his older brother Ling Feng, he briefly said: "...... afterward, I secretly landed on Naomi Star. At that time, Naomi Star was a starfield that was still on a common boundary line between the two sides and it wasn't occupied by the Greedy Wolf Legion. I took my most loyal subordinates of the fleet and quickly set up an underground military base in Naomi Star. His Majesty suspects that back when I attacked Naomi Star and was met with an ambush by the Greedy Wolf Legion, that someone in the military deliberately sent information out to the Federations side in advance. They wanted to eliminate me via the Federation's hand...... I secretly hid away in Naomi Star not only to preserve the strength of the Dark Night Legion but to also keep a close watch over the Greedy Wolf Legions movements."
The hand Rosen placed on his shoulder imperceptibly tightened, his gaze couldn't help but grow deep, "I take it that this time when the Glory Legion attacked Naomi Star and encountered an ambush from two of the Federation's Legions, someone also must have given the Federation information in advance...... Who do you think the traitor in the military is?"
Ling Yu faintly creased his brows, "I'm not sure either. I only know that the man's influence in the military is very large. He has planted agents in my Dark Night Legion and also your Glory Legion. Even now I couldn't make a guess who the person who drugged me at that time was."
Rosen was silent for a moment, thinking of something, a thread of intuition suddenly flashed in his eyes—
"Perhaps, I might be able to guess who the person who betrayed you was."
Ling Yu was stunned. "Who is it?"
Rosen said: "Which ones out of your closest officers at you side back then could access your food"
Ling Yu thought it over and said, "Knox, Irene, Keriman, Zhou Yi, Fornt...... These people were all brought up for promotion by my hand and they have been by my side for so many years...... It can't be them."
Rosen said in a low voice: "After you were expelled from the military registry, Lieutenant Colonel Zhou Yi retired from the military, Knox and Irene left the army to go to St. Romia Military Academy as military instructors, and Fornt lives in seclusion on Planet Rennes, Keriman...... At my invitation, he came to the Glory Legion. "
Ling Yu said in shock:" You mean to say...... "
Rosen nodded his head, "After the dissolution of the Dark Night Legion, I issued an invitation to all of your subordinates, welcoming them to come to the Glory Legion and promising to give them the same rank they held in the Dark Night Legion. In the end, every reply I received was a rejection...... Because a great number of officers of the Dark Night Legion are only loyal to you, they would only recognize you as their General."
Ling Yu suddenly went silent.
The subordinates he brought up with his own hand were indeed very unwilling to go to other Legions to listen to and obey another General's commands. Moreover, after Rosen marked him in those days, many members of the Dark Night Legion were actually highly resentful towards Rosen. Yet Lieutenant Colonel Keriman was unexpectedly willing to work under Rosen?
Thinking about it carefully, before the accident, he really did drink the water that person gave to him. The bottle was sealed and he didn't think too much of it either.
Keriman was an officer who Ling Yu have personally selected for promotion. Like Ling Yu, he was also a Beta youth with no background and a poor family. His gentle character even resembled Ling Feng a little......
Ling Yu always felt very close and dear with him and trusted him very much.
Unexpectedly......
If it was really him, how could he smile as he handed that bottle of water over?!
Rosen continued: "Keriman is now one of the commanders in my Glory Legion. For the sake of your honor, I have always placed him in important positions in recent years. His rank has also risen to Major General along the way...... This time, there were not many people who knew the Glory Command Carriers space jump route for this raid on Naomi Star. You said that the sudden failure of the inhibitor back then was from adding toxins to your food or drinking water. With your cautiousness, if someone who you didn't highly trust gave you something, you'd never eat it. The person who had access to your food and drink was obviously a trusted aide at your side...... Obviously, there is a very high possibility that he is the traitor within our own ranks!"
Ling Yu frowned slightly, but he didn't know what the right thing to say was.
His most trusted subordinate actually stabbed him in the back with a knife, the feeling of loss and bitter disappointment is truly indescribable.
Rosen gently kept his hand on Ling Yu's shoulder and whispered: "Rest assured, no matter who it is, I will never let the person who betrayed us get away with it!"
Ling Yu silent for a moment, he nodded his head and said: "Whether it's him or not, let's put this discussion off until we find proof. The most crucial question now is, how do we get out of here?"
Whether cooperating with His Majesty's reforms or dealing with the traitor hidden in their Legions and traitors in the military department, all of which are based on the premise that they can successfully return to Naomi Star alive. Now being stranded on this remote Pavo Constellation of the Southern Hemisphere, they are completely beyond the reach of the Capital Star.
Ling Yu turned and walked to the boundary of the cave. He attentively looked at the ores on the wall, he held his hand out and stroked them. After a while, he said, "This type of ore...... seems like it is one type of energy stone that Berg once told me about. But this kind of energy stone is very uncommon in the Empire...... What about it Black Dragon? You can give it a try, see if you can extract energy from these ores. If you can, extracting energy from ores is much faster than simply converting light energy."
Rosen nodded and said in a low voice: "Black Dragon, come and give it a try."
Black Dragon calmly said: "Master, I have already absorbed all the energy that can be extracted from the cave, I was just about to report it to you."
Rosen: "......"
Ling Yu: "......"
No wonder the lighting in the cave seemed to suddenly darken. It turned out that Black Dragon was stealthily "foraging". Taking advantage of the time the two spent seriously chatting, Black Dragon had already quickly absorbed the energy of the ores in the cave.
This mech is sometimes even more decisive and blunt than its Master.
Rosen couldn't help but lightly chuckle and say: "Well done. There should be many such caves in the forest. After dawn breaks, I will take you out scouting again. Like this, our hope of leaving Pavo will be one step closer."
Black Dragon said: "That's right, Master."
Ling Yu's expression also slightly loosened up— these ores are really energy stones, this is actually a pleasant surprise.
If Black Dragon can extract a bit more energy from these ores and he can think of a way to find a space jump route, perhaps he can leave Pavo before the arrival of his estrus.
When Ling Yu thought of this, he walked to an open space in the cave and picked up a stone to draw onto the ground.
Rosen saw him earnestly drawing a picture on the ground, he couldn't help but walk up to him and ask in confusion: "What are you drawing?"
Ling Yu said: "Simulated star atlas."
Rosen carefully looked and sure enough, he saw that multiple little dots were drawn on the ground to represent planets. There were tangled and intricate lines connecting between the dots. After a while, the analog star atlas was tentatively completed. A peacock with its head raised high with its tail spread appeared on the ground. The position of the two of them had been marked off— it was a minor planet situated at the
head of Pavo
.
(
TN
: The head of the peacock-shaped design of Pavo. )
Rosen said in awe: "You even understand this?"
Ling Yu faintly hummed in acknowledgment.
Ling Yu truly is a representative of the academics. He is an erudite intellectual. He used to spend almost every day in the library when he was in school. He not only read military books, but he was also very interested in astronomy, history and as well as all kinds of myths and legends. It can be said that he feasted his eyes upon hoards of books.Unexpectedly, he was able to use the position of stars in the sky to assess the coordinates of the whole Pavo constellation.
Rosen is immediately full of admiration for his extraordinary Omega.
After Ling Yu finished drawing the star atlas, he stood up and looked at all of the positions on the ground. He thoughtfully said: "Pavo is situated between
Indus
and
Apus
. If we have Black Dragon pass through galaxies with space jumps to return to the Empire's territory, the nearest route is to go to Apus first and then to
Triangulum Australe
. We can then return to Naomi Star by passing through Triangulum Australe to the Isville Cosmic Wormhole."
(
TN
: All of these are real constellations too. Indus is Latin for Indian, Apus comes from the Greek word apous which means "footless", but it is meant to represent the bird of paradise which were thought to not have feet, and Triangulum Australe means the southern triangle.)
Rosen said calmly: "Triangulum Australe is the encampment of the Federation's Falcon Legion. If we space jump to the Federation's land and are by any chance intercepted, we will be in a lot of danger."
"True." Ling Yu was silent for a moment, "I'll think about it again then, maybe there are other routes."
Rosen saw him bow down seriously conscientiously lower his head and reflect on it, he can't help but say: "Aren't you tired?"
Ling Yu turned his head around and said: "What?"
Rosen smiled, "Your personality is the same as before. If you come across a problem, you must think of a solution before you're willing to rest. However, it already more than four in the morning at the moment. Are you going to continue thinking about it? It would be better to sleep for a bit first to raise your spirits, It won't be too late to think about it again tomorrow."
When Rosen says it like that, Ling Yu indeed feels an onset of extreme drowsiness.
When he was piloting his mech in the wormhole, he was originally mentally overloaded. Later, he was continuously plagued by nightmares during the time he lost consciousness. After waking up, he forced himself to think over all kinds of things on his last bit of energy, not paying attention to the issue of time in the slightest
It was surprisingly already four o'clock in the morning......
Ling Yu massaged his aching and throbbing temples and went to one side of the sofa to sit down and quietly said: "Then I will rest for a bit first, there's no rush anyways. I'll think of another way tomorrow......"
He spoke as he closed his eyes, he turned his head askew and rested it against the sofa. His breaths quickly evened out and he fell asleep.
Rosen broke into laughter.
Ling Yu's character was truly straightforward. If you say to rest, he won't take a minute to fall straight asleep.
Looking at the way he closed his eyes peacefully fast asleep, Rosen's heart felt soft and he walked forward to gently lift him from the sofa. He carefully took off his boots, his military uniform coat, and then put him down on the bed. He gave him a comfortable pillow to cushion his head with and then carefully covered him with a warm quilt.
Rosen couldn't help but sigh: Personally taking care of his own Omega, this kind of feeling is truly nice.
(
TN
: Thanks to everyone for being patient. I am very tired, but who cares since I got it done! I can't tell if this really was a long chapter or my tired brain is distorting my sense of what is considered long, but it felt like it took a longer time to translate then usual... Seems like we got a possible traitor on board, gotta catch them all though! Keriman... Keeping an eye on you!—K.)
Chapter 083. Wounded
That evening, because Lin Yuan was worried that his father had run into trouble, he never went back to sleep after he woke up. He donned a pair of distinct dark circles when he got out of bed in the morning. Caesar was able to see this with a glance.
On their way walking over to the classroom, Caesar couldn't help but ask: "What's wrong? Didn't sleep well last night?"
Lin Yuan hesitated for a moment before quietly saying: "I had a nightmare last night that woke me up in the middle of the night. I'm worried that something bad has happened to my father. I sent him a message a while back...... But even up until now, I haven't received any reply at all."
Lin Yuan raised his head to look at Caesar and somewhat worriedly said: "I've been unable to connect to his communicator, could something bad really have happened to him?"
Caesar was lost for words seeing the uneasiness on Lin Yuan's face, a trace of a foreboding premonition arose in the bottom of his heart.
But at this moment, Lin Yuan is already nervous enough, he must calm down. Thinking of this, Caesar soon gently rested his hand on Lin Yuan's shoulder and said in a low voice: "Don't worry, go to class first. After I come back at noon, I will contact my father and ask him for details on the situation. Perhaps the Marshal is on the front line battling the Federation and his communicator signal is affected, we can't know for sure either.
Seeing that they were almost running late to class, Lin Yuan was forced to nod his head and walk into the classroom together with Caesar.
There were four classes in the morning, time seems to stretch on for an eternity.
His strong uneasiness is like a black cloud in the sky, heavily pressing down his heart and impossible to disperse.
Even though Lin Yuan was attending class, he did not fully absorb any of the content in the teachers' lectures. The scene of the video call he had with his father before he went into battle played on a loop in his mind along with the view of his dad's back as he went far away that year when he was four......
The life or death of someone with his flesh and blood is currently unknown. Lin Yuan's heart feels as if a pair of hands are forcibly gripping it. He is even in such a worried and anxious mood that he is unable to sit still.
The teacher at the podium noticed Lin Yuan's anomaly and called on him quite a few times to stand up and answer questions.
Lin Yuan's thoughts were jumbled together in worry and his answers were in shambles. As the squad leader of the Command Department's Class 1, he has always been the hardest working and most earnest student in the eyes of his teachers. This is the first time he's been so off.
After school at noon, Instructor Irene was worried and called Lin Yuan over to her office by himself. Looking at the pale-faced youth in front of her, she asked in a gentle tone: "Lin Yuan, what happened? Why is your complexion so terrible?"
Lin Yuan put on a relaxed smile and said: "It's nothing, I didn't sleep well last night."
Irene saw that he didn't wish to say much more and that it wasn't good to push for answers. She soon afterward changed the topic: "About the nominations for the outstanding students that I previously had you collect the student votes from, how is the progress?"
"Oh...... I already finished collecting them." Lin Yuan took the collected results out from his bag and handed it to Irene.
As the squad leader, Lin Yuan's work has always made Irene feel reassured, he had resolved the task she assigned in one night.
Irene opened the consolidation table and roughly evaluated the final count— in the whole class of 50 student votes, the Betas almost unanimously cast their votes on Lin Yuan and on top of that, a portion of the Alphas also cast their votes on Lin Yuan. Lin Yuan dominated the ranks at the top of the list, even more so than Irene anticipated.
It seems that the fellow students in this class are already acknowledging this Beta youth as their squad leader more and more.
Irene smiled and said: "According to the results of the votes, you are the one chosen by our class for as the annual outstanding student. I will now submit an application to the Education Administration Office, the honorary certificates and scholarships are estimated to be sent out by next month."
Lin Yuan nodded his head, "Thank you, Instructor."
Unlike the first, second, and third scholarships assessed on the basis of their grades, each class only has one quota for this outstanding student casting ballot, it is very precious. This honor is not only a recognition of a student's achievements, but it is also a tell of a student's popularity in the class and as well as their comprehensive ability in all aspects. It is a highly blessed thing to be able to receive this kind of award and yet Lin Yuan's head is drooped down without a single trace of happiness on his face.
Such good news didn't make him cheer up...... What's going on with him after all?
Looking at the back of Lin Yuan's drooped head, Irene couldn't help think in distress: Could something have happened in this child's family?
Irene's conjecture was not at all without foundation. Lin Yuan's grades have always been very good, his personality was also cheerful and optimistic. It was unheard of for him to have any emotional problems. He was in such a downcast mood, there is only one possibility— that is, his family.
The reason why Lin Yuan was in a downcast mood was indeed because of his father, Rosen.
***
At this moment, Caesar was right in his bedroom, secretly talking to His Majesty, Trent over his communicator.
"......you mean, the Marshal entered the Isville Cosmic Wormhole and his whereabouts are unknown?"
Caesar was no doubt extremely shocked by this news. The Marshal has led the Glory Legion to triumph in every battle over the past years and has practically never slipped-up. How could he actually walk right into the Federation Legion's trap and be forced into the cosmic wormhole?
Thinking of the despondent appearance of Lin Yuan's drooping head, Caesar became even more distressed— if the Marshal has really been met with misfortune, how could Xiao Yuan be able to bear it? This father and son had just found each other not too long ago, and yet Xiao Yuan respects his father so much......
Trent looked at the leaden expression on his son's face. After a long time, he said: "With Lin Yuan, conceal it from him for the time being. The military has yet to announce the matter of Rosen's unknown whereabouts to the public. Drew has already led the Hydra Legion to leave for Naomi Star. The Glory Legion will also be looking for Rosen's whereabouts exhausting their full strength. Wait until this matter comes to a solid close, it won't be too late to let Lin Yuan know then."
Caesar prudently nodded, "I know what must be done."
Trent went silent for a moment and then spoke once again: "With your school system reform, it will take more than a month to have a vacation right?"
Caesar said: "En, the first semester will close in May, the exam schedule has also come out."
Trent said: "Don't come back to Cepheus to spend your vacation, keep Lin Yuan company and roam around. You have always been staying at the Capital Star these years, you should move around all over the place too."
Chapter 084. Omen
Back then when Ling Yu was a soldier in the Vanguard Battalion, he had suffered countless injuries piloting his mech to launch an assault on the enemy. Being injured has long-since become commonplace for him. He had nearly thrown away his life on the battlefield, he was not the slightest bit worried over such a small injury today, but it was, however, a completely different story for Rosen—
Because this was the first time that Ling Yu was injured right in front of him.
In these past few years, even though he was very worried every time he found out that Ling Yu was injured, he has never felt so distressed that it put him on the verge of suffocation like at this moment.
The dense thorns are pierced through Ling Yu's feet, flesh and blood were indistinguishable, it was if Rosen's heart was pierced through with sharp needles like a pincushion.
Rosen lifted his head up and looked at Ling Yu, his deep and low voice was incomparably soft and tender, "Can you still move your feet?"
Ling Yu slightly moved his ankle and calmly assessed the condition of his injury: "I can move it, it shouldn't be serious. There's no fracture, just some flesh wounds."
Rosen was silent for a moment and said in a low voice," I'll bandage it for you. "
After he finished speaking the words from his mouth, he got up and looked around for the medicine box in the mech lounge. He walked in front of Ling Yu and crouched down, gently holding his foot with his left hand, picking up a pair of pliers in his right hand, and began to carefully pluck the thorns remaining in his flesh out.
The thorns were black in color and as sinister as rusty iron nails. Dozens of thorns are thickly dotted, numerously pierced into his flesh and skin, it looks like a ghastly sight, even more dreadful is the fine barbs protruding from those thorns.
Rosen's hand pauses for a moment and he hardened his heart and determinately pulled it out— a small sliver of flesh was ripped out in wake of the barbed tip being pulled out from his originally badly mangled ankle. Stains of blood instantly dyed the surface under his feet a bright red.
"......" Ling Yu's whole body abruptly trembled and he immediately bit down on his lower lip harshly in order to avoid breathing out in pain.
Rosen looked up at Ling Yu, asking with heartache: "Does it hurt a lot......?"
"......" Ling Yu took in a deep breath and said in a low voice, "I'm fine."
Rosen lightly put his hand down, lowering his head, he cautiously and solemnly takes out the barbs in Ling's Yu's feet for him.
Ling Yu's body was as stiff as a statue. Every time a thorn was taken out, the flesh hooked by the barbed tips made Ling Yu shake in pain. Even now, he is still the prideful Ling Yu, he rigidly bites down on his lips without saying a word.
He never said that it hurt, he only clenched his teeth and endured it, but Rosen nevertheless knew how much pain Ling Yu was in......
The thorns of this plant were thick and hard and the threatening barbs were settled extremely securely in the flesh. Every time he got hold of the barbs with the pliers and pulled them out, it was just as if he was tearing the flesh off with his own two hands......
That moment when the blood came pouring out, Rosen even felt his breathing grow rougher and harder......
Looking at the baldly mutilated flesh and blood on his ankle, the pain in Rosen's heart was nearly driving him insane, but he could only take in a deep breath to do his utmost to maintain a cool head and keep his hands from shaking as much as he possibly could.
More and more barbs piled up on the tray and the cotton dyed red from blood soon fell scattered on the ground......
He didn't know how long had passed when the last thorn was successfully pulled out, Rosen's back had long-since been soaked thoroughly with sweat, there was a layer of cold sweat that had also been exuding from the palms of his hands.
Rosen put as much gentleness as he could in setting it down and carefully disinfecting the wound for Ling Yu, he then attentively applied a layer of ointment to the wound, carefully bandaging both of his feet with gauze.
Rosen said in a hushed tone: "Black Dragon, test it and see whether this kind of thorn carries any toxins."
Black Dragon immediately conducted an examination and quickly reported the end results: "Master, I didn't find any harmful components.
Rosen only then relinquished his worries and raised his head to look up at Ling Yu.
Ling Yu's complexion was a bit pale, he had made deep teeth marks on his lower lip from biting down, and cold sweat unceasingly poured out in torrents on his forehead, it was clearly extremely painful...... Rosen quickly got up and poured a glass of water, sitting next to Ling Yu's body, he said softly, "Come, drink a bit of water first."
Ling Yu took the water from his hand and drank a mouthful, enduring the piercing pain sourcing from his ankle, he changed the topic in a feigned nonchalance, saying: "Oh, that's right, don't you think the plants that attacked me today seemed like they had their own consciousness?"
Rosen was also very puzzled by this, he turned his head around to look at Ling Yu and said: " Yes, I think so. This is also the first time I've seen plants that actively attack humans."
Ling Yu thoughtfully spoke: "In the legends, there is a man-eating plant that could use humans as its food. I think the same is true of the trees we met today. Logically speaking, since there is habitability for life and vegetation on this planet, there should be animals too, but there were no animals whatsoever in this forest. Could it be that because of the existence of those carnivorous trees that none of the other animals dare to venture into this forest?"
Rosen's line of thought just so happened to coincide with Ling Yu's, he nodded and said: "Indeed, there is a possibility. The trees in this forest are so densely grown that if these trees are really able to use flesh as food, animals would naturally not dare to approach."
Putting two and two together with the large amount of blood that came pouring out from the tree vine from when the tree vine was chopped off from just a moment ago, the two looked at each other face to face and immediately gave a mutual look of dismay.
Ling Yu faintly creased his brows and said: "If that's the case, we can't chance to enter that forest again. It looks like the biscuit reserves you have won't last two days...... What do we do now?"
Rosen said with a smile: "No need to worry, we still have Black Dragon. Those trees like eating meat, they shouldn't like eating metal, now should they?"
Being mentioned by name, Black Dragon's golden eyes softly flickered, it came forward and said calmly: "Correct, Master, they didn't seem to have any interest in using my metal body as food."
Rosen nodded, calmly saying: "Then I'll give you a mission. Go circle around the inside of the forest, scan a 3D panoramic view simulation map of this forest, record the details of those plants and then see if there is anything edible along the way."
Black Dragon compliantly said: "Understood."
Looking on as Black Dragon flew straight out of the cave, Ling Yu was suddenly left lost for words.
Chapter 085.
(
TN
: For one reason or another I couldn't find the name of this chapter. I did try tho lol.)
This is undoubtedly an absurd dream.
In the dream, he once again went back to that sealed-off cell of nineteen years ago. Ling Yu dreamed of himself sitting on Rosen's body and holding the man's shoulder tightly, his legs were wound around his waist, allowing his body to be entered by that man, waves of heat repeatedly washed over his sensitive nerve endings. Ling Yu opened his mouth widely as he violently gasped for breath. The two people were like wild animals entangled together, only relying on their instincts to wildly take each other......
Those confusing scenes in the dream made Ling Yu's entire body start to heat up. When he woke up early in the morning, his clothes were soaked through with sweat, his shirt was sticking to his body. Ling Yu was embarrassed to find that his body had actually reacted, a distinct outline of his semi-hardness was pressed against his underwear and the fluid leaking out from the tip even dampened his underwear.
Ling Yu sucked in a deep breath, forcibly pressing the impulses back down into his body.
He surprisingly had a spring dream.
It was probably due to the influence of his dreams that an aching feeling of emptiness suddenly welled up from the depths of his body, the desire that he had just suppressed seemed to have a tendency to rear its ugly head once more. Ling Yu's back abruptly went stiff— he suddenly noticed that the pheromones in his body began to fluctuate unstably. The scent of these Omega pheromones will surely spread in the air. Then, would Rosen also notice it?
Ling Yu couldn't help turning his head around to give Rosen a quick look.
Rosen hadn't awoken yet, because he had fallen asleep sideways, the man's handsome face was facing his own, his breathing was even, his brows were fully relaxed, and he seemed to be sleeping very contentedly.
Ling Yu rarely saw such a relaxed expression on Rosen's face. In his impression, Rosen, as the General of a Legion who has always been indifferent and serious, the expression on his face from beginning to end was still without a ripple, like a layer of freezing ice. However, at this moment, this Marshal well-known for his ice-cold personality in the Empire was peacefully lying down beside him, unexpectedly giving off a kind of...... Gentle and soft illusion.
The original hard lines of his face became ineffably softer because of his smoothed-out eyebrows. Hiding behind his opened shirt, his smooth and strong chest along with his healthy honey-colored skin all exude the distinctive charm of a fully grown man. The smell of the Alpha pheromones on his body is natural and pure.
Ling Yu heard the sound of his heart beating suddenly speed up.
—Should I tell him the truth?
—My estrus is approaching. If when the moment comes and we are unable to leave Pavo, then would you please...... help me through it?
How could Ling Yu speak out such embarrassing words with his pride?
Sadly, in the absence of inhibitors at his disposal, asking Rosen to help him through his estrus has become the only option at present.
***
Ling Yu massaged his aching temples and lifted the quilt off to get out of bed.
His feet have yet to fully recuperate and there was still a slight stinging pain on his ankles when he walked, but for Ling Yu, there was no need to be concerned over such a small tinge of pain. Ling Yu walked to the dining table with a composed expression, briefly made himself presentable, and picked up a few fruits to eat. He did not realize that the moment he sat up and got out of bed, the man lying down behind him suddenly opened his eyes, looking at the rearview of his figure deep in thought.
As a mech, Black Dragon does not need to sleep. When its Master sleeps, it stands guard at the entrance of the cave just like their most loyal bodyguard.
Ling Yu walked up to it and asked softly: "Black Dragon, have you found any clean water sources in the forest these past few days?" Ling Yu deliberately lowered his voice because he was afraid of waking the sleeping Alpha on the bed, "It doesn't necessarily have to be drinking water. River water or lake water is fine. I want to find a place to take a bath."
Black Dragon glanced back at him, its golden eyes softly flashed, and it quickly scanned through the 3D simulated image of the forest saved in the database. It then projected the scene in front of Ling Yu, saying, "General, there is a naturally pure lake here, it should be free of toxins...... Do you want me to take you there?"
A hint of joy emerged in Ling Yu's eyes, "Okay, take me to go give it a look."
He hasn't bathed for a whole week.
Like his older brother Ling Feng, Ling Yu was also someone who really loved cleanliness. The clothes on his body are always kept tidy, and his military uniform was upkept as if they were freshly ironed.
Back when he was in his Legion, he had a hang-up about bathing every day before he went to bed. But since he landed on this strange planet, forget taking a bath, it was very difficult enough to even ensure even food and drinking water. He hasn't changed his clothes for several days, in addition to him sweating all over his body last night, his shirt was soaked with sweat and clung tightly to his body. If he didn't bathe soon, Ling Yu would only feel that the skin all over his body was being unbearably pricked by pins and needles.
Fortunately, in the past few days throughout the course of Black Dragon's scavenging, it has already traversed through a vast stretch of the forest. It had indeed found a lake in the depths of the forest. Ling Yu ate a few wild fruits to fill his stomach and brought the medicine chest in passing, saying to Black Dragon: "Let's get going then."
Black Dragon nodded and said: "Okay."
After it finished speaking, it took the shape of a large-scale mech and amicably lowered its control cabin.
Ling Yu was just about to enter the cockpit when a low voice suddenly came out behind him: "Are you going out?"
Rosen, who had been watching from the sidelines, pretended to have just woken up a moment ago and rolled up over from the bed. He walked in front of Ling Yu, solemnly speaking: "All of the trees in the forest are carnivorous, you could run into trouble going out, having Black Dragon to go out looking for food is fine, there's no need for us to personally tag along."
Ling Yu: "........."
Coming into contact with Rosen's deep gaze, Ling Yu looked away in slight discomfort.
It had long since noticed that its Master had already been awake, but with its Master acting none the wiser, Black Dragon was forced to act in concert with Rosen to put on an act, giving a run-down: "Master, General was saying that he wanted to take a bath. I found a lake in the forest and could take him along and fly right over."
Rosen looked at Ling Yu: "You want to take a bath? "
Going out, the environment is so arduous that it 's extremely difficult to find anything to eat. Inside the forest, there are also those man-eating mutated plants everywhere. At this time, he also thinks going out to take a bath is indeed somewhat insensibly unreasonable, but it was genuinely awfully uncomfortable for Ling Yu to wear these dirty clothes on his body. The feeling of being encased with greasy sweat was nearly driving him over the edge.
Chapter 086.
Rosen was sitting at the lakeside just a moment ago, flipped over just enough to press Ling Yu down on the lakeside meadow.
Probably because the illumination and water supply are very rich here, the grass by the lake is very dense and soft, like a thick green carpet spread on the ground. Ling Yu was lying completely all the way down on his back in the grass, the wild grass touches the sensitive skin on his back. That ice-cold temperature together with his burning hot body form a sharp contrast. The intense stimulation makes Ling Yu unable to help but let out low gasps.
"Oh......"
There weren't any tall trees around this lake, thus you could see vast sky directly overhead. A bizarre color and luster present themselves in the cloudless sky, and the kind light gently spills down, bestowing the shining luster of gems to the lake water. Beside him is the clear lake water, the soft meadow underneath his body, and even the fragrance of fresh flowers filled the air, all of which reminded Ling Yu of that ugly truth—
They are in the wilderness, still out in the open woodland.
Even though there is no human inhabitation on this planet nor are there any animals in the forest, his bare body being overpowered in a meadow by Rosen like this and being able to see the sky overhead as soon as he opens his eyes......
Even though Ling Yu's body is in a state of extreme emptiness, he nevertheless cannot help but feel great shame at the bottom of his heart.
For an always self-disciplined and strict General, making love in an outdoor setting is truly beyond the scope of what he's mentally capable of accepting.
The strong sense of shame made Ling Yu unable to help but curl up his toes, gasping for breaths and saying in a whisper: "Rosen here isn't......"
Before he had time to finish speaking, Rosen resolutely planted a kiss on his lips.
"Mn...... Mmph......"
Rosen's kiss was both passionate and frantic as if all of the emotions that he had suppressed for those countless long years finally broke out.
His overwhelming kiss nearly swallowed him whole, the soft inside of his mouth was licked numb. Their surroundings were very quiet. Ling Yu could even hear the wet sliding sounds of Rosen's tongue as he fervently licked inside his mouth......
He repeatedly licks the inside of his mouth with his tongue and kisses him without a word. Rosen even uses his teeth to intimately nip the tip of Ling Yu's tongue from time to time. The slight pain from the tip of his tongue allows Ling Yu to keep a constant hold of his consciousness, and the numb feeling in his tongue quickly travels down his back and goes into every nook and corner. He had been kissed into incessant trembles and a body part of his also stood up quite cooperatively.
"Mnn......"
The sense of shame at the bottom of his heart was mixed with the strong pleasure of his body while simultaneously charging into his brain.
Ling Yu's face turned red in embarrassment and stretched out his hand in an effort to forcefully push Rosen away, but unfortunately, the decline of his physical strength during estrus made this push on the other's chest resisting his actions instead looked even more like he was lustfully resisting while still welcoming it.
Rosen's shirt had two buttons opened wide at the neckline, exposing a length of wheat-colored skin. Ling Yu reached out and grabbed his collar. He originally wanted to push him away, but he didn't expect that as soon as he exerted the force, he would unexpectedly tear Rosen's shirt completely open—
Black buttons disorderly fell onto the ground, and Rosen's strong chest was completely put on display before his eyes.
Ling Yu froze and beat against Rosen's shoulder with his fist in embarrassment, motioning him to let go.
Unfortunately, the action of him beating his shoulders looks more like an intimate flirtation to Rosen.
Rosen gave a small smile and finally reluctantly parted from his mouth when Ling Yu's breath had all but been stolen away from his kiss. Ling Yu immediately opened his mouth and filled his lungs with deep breaths of air, breathing, and the transparent liquid that he didn't have the time to swallow flowed down the corner of the lips onto the grass.
The man lying on the grass was naked, heavily gasping for breath with his mouth open, and the lush green meadow lining his fair skin made it look almost transparent. This picture was simply the pinnacle of beauty in Rosen's eyes.
Ling Yu's legs were straight and slender. At this moment, his slender legs were closely drawn together. The originally idle object between his legs appeared to have grown semi-hard from this French kiss, and the pink flush seemed especially titillating.
Rosen leaned over and gently licked at the corner of Ling Yu's lips, attentively licking at the transparent liquid left at the corner of his lips clean, while simultaneously reaching out to hold Ling Yu's semi-hardness, moving closer to his ear and lowly whispering: "Do you want it?"
"......"
Ling Yu never thought that Rosen, who had always been proper, could speak such words, he couldn't help but stare blankly for a moment.
It was not his original intention at all to tear off Rosen's clothes. He wanted to push away the other party to suggest another place, not on a meadow out in the open......
However, Ling Yu couldn't explain at all, in the wake of Rosen's fingers exerting a relentless force, a violent pleasure suddenly reduced his voice to nothing but back-numbing moans—
"......Ah ......Ro, Rosen...... Ah......"
Rosen's willowy fingers gently caressed and stroked Ling Yu's lower body while he continued to lean down and unceasingly kiss his body.
Gentle and soft kisses were placed on his body from the cheek to his collarbone, from his collarbone to his chest, leaving a trail of dubious marks. When he kissed his chest, he saw peaks of red there and fervently enveloped them with his mouth and sucked.
"Mnn......"
The nub on his left side was taken in by the man's warm mouth, taking the liberty to suck with his mouth, teasing. His coarse tongue coating rubbed over his sensitive peaks, Ling Yu's chest was both aching and itchy, and at the same time, there was another strange pleasurable sensation sweeping through his mind like an electric current.
On the unattended right-side of his chest, there was the emergence of a strong...... feeling of emptiness in anticipation of being attended to.
Ling Yu was both ashamed and begrudged. This strange feeling made him very fretful and uneasy.
That estrus nineteen years ago, because it had been delayed for too long, by the time Rosen hurried over, he was already on the verge of losing his reasoning, and he couldn't remember how his body reacted long-ago. However, this time, he still has his reason. His mind is also very sober and every bodily reaction is clearly communicated to his brain, which is why he is even more ashamed and upset.
When Omega is in estrus, their bodies completely does not obey the will of their owner.
He clearly felt his body trembling, catering, and even craving for more under the affectionate care of Rosen's lips and tongue......
Chapter 087. Complete Mark
The process of a complete mark lasts a long time, and Rosen's knot is tightly stuck at the secret entrance in the depths of his body, and scalding hot essence rushes in time and time again, Ling Yu's body was quickly filled to the brim with the substance Rosen's Alpha pheromones. At that moment, the two's bodily fluid obtained perfect harmonization, their two pheromones mixed frantically with each other as if their desire had been burning for a very long time.
From now on, they will belong to each other completely, loyal to each other...... until death.
While in estrus, an Omega must be marked by an Alpha, if not he would lose his reason and hurt himself. Ling Yu knew this very well. The moment he took the initiative to go into Rosen's embrace, he knew that there was no chance he could escape the fate of being marked again—but right then, completely accepting Rosen in a genuinely clear-headed state still made Ling Yu feel very uncomfortable.
The passageway deep within his body that is only opened during estrus is particularly tight and sensitive, and when Rosen forcibly enters, it brings about an exhilarating tidal wave of pleasure that even makes his brain lose its ability to think.
At the moment of Rosen's ejaculation and entering, Ling Yu also released due to the extreme stimulation in the body. The two reached their climaxes at the same time, and in the end, they completely marked each other......
Ling Yu flung his neck back and urgently gasped for breath, looking at the wall in front of him somewhat absent-minded—
With his legs spread open in a face-down kneeling position and being aggressively invaded by Rosen from behind, this sort of posture made Ling Yu feel extremely ashamed as a man, not to mention that on this strange planet, the bizarre ores in the cave produced a faint glow at night, just like pairs of eyes watching them— this kind of strange association would undoubtedly make his sense of shame multiplied.
The scalding hot liquid that shot into his body caused Ling Yu to tremble slightly, his soft knees could barely support the weight of his body, Ling Yu frowned slightly, and moved his limp and painful waist in discomfort, quietly saying: "......pull out."
After the mark was over, Rosen's knot that was stuck in his body had gradually shrunken down. Seeing Ling Yu twisting his waist in discomfort, Rosen bent over and lightly kissed Ling Yu's back. Propping his waist up with his hands, he withdrew little by little.
Following his withdrawal, a large amount of a viscous white substance flowed out from his red and swollen little hole, dripping down to the bed sheet along the inside of his fair thighs, the bed sheet under Ling Yu's body was drenched almost instantly. A rich musky fragrance abruptly spread throughout the air.
Rosen rolled Ling Yu over and held him in his embrace, bowing down to kiss his lips.
Ling Yu slightly opened his mouth and caught some breath, making it easy for Rosen to pry open his jaw and stretch his tongue into his mouth. This intimate kiss was obviously to soothe the other's state of mind. Rosen's tongue moved in gentle sweeps across the sensitive flesh inside of his mouth. Thoughtfully attending to Ling Yu's feelings, he held Ling Yu's waist with his left hand and gently stroking down his back from his neck, tenderly caressing the length of his spine over and over again, tirelessly lingering on the affectionate touches on his smooth back, fits of shudders arise from the places on his skin where his fingers skim across.
"En......"
Rosen's kisses were very gentle and soft, and the fingers on his back soothed him over and over again like smoothing out fur, this kind of pacification allowed Ling Yu's originally disoriented and ashamed mood from being completely marked to gradually even out.
It felt really nice to be touched, Ling Yu couldn't help narrowing his eyes and lazily lean into Rosen's shoulders, panting lightly.
The breathing of the two blended together and such a posture of being held in his embrace seemed particularly close.
The pleasant afterglow of his climax took a long time to settle down, and the musky fragrance in the air gradually faded too.
Ling Yu completely came back to normal at last, he opened his eyes and looked at Rosen— as if their minds shared a telepathic link, Rosen also just so happened to look down at him right at this moment. Both of their gazes were directly opposite each other, and at the same time, they saw their tiny reflections in each other's eyes.
This feeling of looking at each other face to face is very subtle. The split second when their eyes are across from one another, the line of defense at the bottom of his heart seems to be suddenly and thoroughly smashed through. Ling Yu looked at this man who completely marked him. There were even a few seconds where he thought......
—If the Alpha to be marked by in estrus is Rosen, it isn't so hard to accept either.
The mark originally used to feel troublesome and humiliating, because the other party was Rosen, Ling Yu surprisingly didn't feel aggrieved.
Even if he was still somewhat at odds with it in his heart, he has to admit that under Rosen's caress, his body truly feels really comfortable. Apart from the face-down kneeling position making him feel a bit shameful, he was ultimately able to reluctantly accept the process of being completely marked.
It seems that his tolerance for Rosen is growing higher and higher?
Ling Yu couldn't help lifting up his head and look at Rosen's face carefully. The man's personality was cold, detached, and unyielding, he handled matters decisively and bluntly, and his ability to act was first-rate. When entering his body just moments ago, his extremely fierce movements even made Ling Yu feel that his waist would be snapped in half by him. Every thrust was like a storm passing through, which brought Ling Yu the ultimate peak of pain and pleasure......
But at this moment, he nevertheless gazes into his eyes especially gently.
Those eyes were earnest and single-mindedly focused as if looking at his own one-of-a-kind treasure.
Ling Yu's scalp felt numb under his devoted gaze and he averted his line of sight uncomfortably.
They were acquainted with each other when they were young. Ling Yu still remembers the day they met when he was 18 years old. He lugged a simple suitcase to register in the school, and the moment he pushed doors to the dormitory open, he caught sight of a tall Alpha boy— the boy was wearing a simple and neat black shirt and his slender legs were wrapped in well-fitting jeans. He slipped a pair of slippers on his bare feet and was standing in front of the refrigerator drinking water.
The boy had a pair of deep, bright brown eyes, his hair was trimmed super short, and he looked very strong. The lines of his face looked cold and stiff, and his facial features were so handsome that people just couldn't look away.
The two of them were silent for a moment. Ling Yu calmly extended his hand and said: "Hello, my name is Ling Yu. I am a new student of the 570th Command Department. We will be roommates from now on. I hope we can get along well for these three years."
The boy swept his eyes over him indifferently and said: "Hello...... My name is Rosen."
After greeting him politely, Ling Yu no longer took any notice of the other party and turned around to head towards his bedroom. The moment he brushed by, he slightly wrinkled his browns in a scowl from the influence of the other party's pheromones.
Chapter 088. Mech Wreckage
The environment of Pavo is very different from the Capital Star. It was already four o'clock in the afternoon by the time the light shone into the cave.
Rosen sensed the man in his arms stirring and smiled, leaning down to lightly place a kiss on his forehead, he said in a low voice: "Mornin'."
Ling Yu stayed silent for a long time and then responded in embarrassment: "......mornin'."
Rosen smiled, saying: " Did you sleep well last night? Why not lie down a bit longer if you are tired? "
There was an inkling of coarseness appearing in Rosen's low voice, which sounded particularly erotic— Ling Yu couldn't help thinking back to the three days spent in estrus, Rosen holding him ruthlessly thrusting into him, the countless times he used that kind of gravelly voice to say into his ear......
I love you, I love you ......
His tone had originally leaned towards being poised, a very high amount of charm for an Alpha male. When he earnestly gazes at the other person, declaring in a soft voice, "I love you", it soon becomes particularly affectionate.
Even though the three-day estrus period had already passed safely by, the three-days of jumbled scenes were deeply imprinted in Ling Yu's mind, compromising of Rosen embracing him in all kinds of shameful positions and possessing him, including how he tossed about in bed under Rosen's body, moaning again and again......
So much so that with Ling Yu seeing Rosen now, his heart feels very awkward.
Ling Yu has abundant energy after passing through estrus. His refreshed and appeased body was also very content. Ignoring the momentary throbbing when Rosen kissed his forehead, Ling Yu didn't turn his head away. While putting on his clothes, he pretended to plainly say: "I slept very well and my physical strength has also recovered. These past three days...... Thank you for taking care of me."
Ling Yu got up and picked up a bathrobe and draped it over his shoulders. He was about to turn around to wash up a bit, but Rosen suddenly pulled him into his arms.
"......what are you doing?"
Ling Yu turned his head around in surprise, Rosen leaned down and accurately placed a kiss on his ear.
During these three days of lovemaking, Rosen has already discovered Ling Yu's earlobes were a sensitive place, using his teeth to nibble on the sensitive earlobe in his mouth, Ling Yu's back has stretched taught as expected.
Rosen gave a small smile, lightly pressing up to his ear, he whispered: "What you said just now...... Thanking me for taking care of you? Why do you insist on being so formal when speaking to your Alpha? Do you want to go on with drawing clear-cut boundaries with me after your estrus has passed?"
Ling Yu awkwardly fell silent After a moment, he said with a stiff face: "I ......I didn't mean to draw a line with you."
The force behind Rosen's hand on his waist exerted a slight force, pulling him into an embrace, "Then why say thank you? Are you being so formal to distance yourself from what we did?"
Ling Yu: "........."
Rosen drew closer to Ling Yu's ear and said in a low voice: "If you're willing, for every estrus from now on in the future, I will stay by your side and take good care of you. It would be my honor to be able to take care of you, you know? "
Ling Yu:" ......... "
As a General, he has never been treated as a weak person by someone to be "taken care of", even when he was a child, as fatherless and motherless children, they had already learned to be self-reliant for a long time. His elder brother, Ling Feng, was in poor health. When Ling Feng would fall ill in his childhood, it was also this younger brother who instead took care of his older brother.
YOU'LL ALSO LIKE
End of Serenity (BL) by QianIshkhan
End of Serenity (BL)
15.6K
694
"One day, we'll both be free from here. I promise."
Two boys fall in love. Their world is more than it seems. They can't be together. Not now. Not ever.
Six ce...
Off Script (Book #1 of Lights, Camera, Romance! Series) by ashleymariefiction
Paid Stories Badge
Paid Story
Off Script (Book #1 of Lights, Camera, Roman...
903K
27.6K
When two rival actors are forced to charade as an "It Couple", will their make-believe romance turn into reality?
...
Wolf's Temptation (狼的爱恋) Chinese BL Translation by: 巫哲 by bobadarling
Wolf's Temptation (狼的爱恋) Chinese BL Translat...
11K
458
Official Summary: In short, this is the story of the debt a Yang Bailao picks ups for a little wolf cub.
Translator's Summary: Xu Bei finds himself between a rock and a...
Banished to Another World by Ore-samada
Banished to Another World
24.4K
1K
Author: 易人北, Yi Ren Bei
The scum Medicine God was banished to a savage other world, forced to undergo reformation!
The soul of Yan Mo, who had thoroughly offended the he...
Immoral Holidays 背德假期 by kaihun365
Immoral Holidays 背德假期
44.1K
622
Series: Uniform Punishment Series 惩罚军服系列
Author: Feng Nong 风弄
MATURE CONTENT 18+
YAOI BXB
"Before the end of his break, I'll have to discipline brother until he can...
Special Property by KainGuru
Special Property
42.2K
2.9K
"Newbie, I've now chosen you to be my uke."
Ren Kato will never forget these words on his first day at an all-boys boarding school. Here, the rule is "sem...
TIMCRVP by CharmingAlien
TIMCRVP
18.9K
715
THIS STORY IS "NOT MINE"
I POSTED THIS STORY ON WATTPAD FOR ONLINE READING.
Language
-Chinese
Author(s)
-Sha Xiao Wan
杀小丸
Artist(s)
-N/A
Year
-2013
Status in...
However, these three days during the estrus period are indeed three days that an Omega needs to be taken care of due to the severe decline in physical strength.
This physiological instinct cannot be changed even by a "striving to be the strongest" kind of personality.
—I have to say that in the past three days, Rosen has taken very good care of me— careful, considerate, and gentle, not only attentively showing consideration of his feelings, but also doing a full session of foreplay and preparation before each time he entered, mutually satisfying each other while also not harming a hair on his head.
—If I encounter estrus once again in the future, should I just hand myself over to Rosen and temporarily depend upon my Alpha?
—Maybe it's not so hard to imagine accepting it?
Ling Yu lightly nodded when he thought of this bit, and said: "......we'll talk about it later, I want to take a bath first."
Rosen's lips slightly perked up, "Let's go together."
At this time, there was also no way for Ling Yu to oppose it, so he had no choice but to let Black Dragon carry its two Masters to the lakeside to take a bath.
***
Black Dragon is dutifully serving as a means of transportation for its two Masters.
Ling Yu sat in the front passenger seat, looking ahead, he saw that the numbers representing the energy reserve in the lower right corner of the control screen were 30%.
Although the Black Dragon has been trying its best to absorb light and energy stones into its own energy non stop these days, it has to scour every odd corner of the forest to find food for its two Masters. Every day, the constant round trips back and forth would drain a lot of energy...... So, Black Dragon's energy reserve inside the mech had been fluctuating up and down around 30%, there simply wasn't a way to stock up more.
Ling Yu looked at the red energy indicator line and slightly frowned, saying: "Black Dragon's everyday reserve of energy can only barely maintain its daily consumption. If this goes on, sooner or later, a day will come where all of it gets used up...... We must find another method as soon as possible that'll work."
Rosen nodded, "We will take the Black Dragon to other areas of this planet to see later, this planet cannot be all forests, and there may not be only one kind of cave we can find...... "
Rosen paused slightly, looking back at Ling Yu, he whispered: "I have been missing for so long, the Glory Legion has most definitely dispatched a search and rescue team. Don't worry, there will always be a solution."
Ling Yu looked silently at the sight of the forest scenery flashing across the 3D holographic screen in front of him.
He had generally felt a bit of unease in his heart and he always felt that the unexpected incident with him and Rosen might lead to very grave consequences. In case the military traitors bore their way into this gap, there was no way to trust anyone near the steps leading to the throne. Isn't it......
As if he could see right through him, Rosen lightly squeezed Ling Yu's shoulder and said: "Those few Generalissimos in the military are all very calm and composed people, no matter who you suspect the traitor is, we can't be absolutely certain." Rosen paused and frowned, saying: "The most troublesome matter now is that there is no communication signal here at all. I want to contact Drew but it won't connect...... As soon as Black Dragon gathers some more energy, I will pilot it to the outside of Pavo to see if we can leave some clues behind to let the people of the Glory Legion find us."
Ling Yu said: "I'll go with you.
Rosen came into contact with his earnest gaze, he couldn't help smiling, "Of course. This planet is so strange, we better act together and take care of each other."
If things were like how they were before, had Rosen said something like this before, Ling Yu would have never given it much thought; but at present, the man's gentle gaze on him as he said "act together, take care of each other," Something strange floated from the bottom of Ling Yu's heart...... a strange sense of warmth.
It's just as if so long as the other man is at his side, there are no difficulties that can stop them.
Black Dragon soon came up to the lakeside, the two came out of the control cabin, Ling Yu took off his bathrobe and went into the water.
Rosen also followed after him and waded in. Ling Yu noticed Rosen's approach, his back stiffened a little, but when a hand was placed on the aching muscles on his waist and thoughtfully massaged, he eventually tried to slowly loosen up his frame of mind and lean into Rosen's embrace.
Ling Yu was massaged by his Alpha, his waist was extremely sore due to the problems caused by the various positions. Ling Yu suddenly felt...... this kind of feeling wasn't so bad.
A large amount of semen remains in his body, some of which has already stuck to his inner walls, Ling Yu also found it embarrassing to clean his own backside out. Since Rosen was willing to serve him, he pretends to indifferently close his eyes and hands everything over Rosen without a fuss.
Rosen really enjoys the process of bathing Ling Yu. He had the rare opportunity to take care of him. Naturally, he has to take care of him to his heart's desire.
***
At the same time, Hydra Legion Command Carrier, Command Room.
Drew looked at the real-time 3D simulation of the universe projected on the screen and his brows furrowed deeper and deeper.
The spatial shocks that occurred in the Isville Cosmic Wormhole half a month ago caused all the working spaceships, warships, and mechs that had entered it to be completely shattered into bits and pieces. At this time, even though the shocks in the wormhole had calmed down, they could still be inside the wormhole. The space tunnel still had the complexity of a labyrinth, and the various debris and wreckage inside it are too many to count. Drew led the Hydra Legion to search by the wayside, but they didn't achieve anything.
Seeing that the search was almost nearing the Federation's administrative region, it would be very dangerous to continue moving forward, Drew had no other alternative but to give the command to return.
At this moment, the front-most miniature reconnaissance warship suddenly sent back a message: "General, Reconnaissance Ship D-1 reporting. A large amount of black mech wreckage was found not too far up ahead. The initial scan results showed that the metal material was similar to the Marshal's mech, Black Dragon! "
Drew's heart suddenly missed a beat, and he immediately said in a lowered voice: "Forward the image over at once!"
A few seconds later, the projection screen in front of him clearly displayed the area observed by the reconnaissance warship—
He only saw a wide expanse of pure black mech fragments floating within the cosmic wormhole, which was driven to drift along by the streams of air in the wormhole. The original bright metal had long-since covered with airborne sand and dust in the universe. Intermingled in the mix of the numerous black mech fragments was a pair of golden eyes, they had already grown dim without a glimmer of light since their connection to the intelligence center was severed.
Drew: "........."
That is Black Dragon, no doubt about it......
Drew recognized those metal fragments almost at first sight.
Black Dragon is an S-Class mech personally made by his father, Mr. Aston himself. The metal material he used is different from ordinary mechs. Drew has seen it with his own eyes countless times, his impression of it was extremely deep. Those dazzling golden eyes are the symbol of the Black Dragon mech that is known far and wide in the Empire.
He still remembers how dazzling the brilliant rays of light that shone from the eyes of that mech were when Rosen activated Black Dragon......
Yet at this moment, those eyes had been cut off and drifted along in the cosmos, losing their original radiance, The mech's body was also smashed into pieces by the forces of the spatial shock......
The rims of Drew's eyes suddenly burst into heat.
Black Dragon was in ruins......
With the body of the mech shredded like this. It was obvious that the intelligence center has ceased to exist long ago. An S-Class mech is connected to its Master's mind. Under the formidable might of the immense spatial shocks, Black Dragon was wrecked to this point. It is clear that the Master piloting it...... Rosen has also long been......
Drew dazedly looked at the projection screen in front of him, he couldn't even dare believe it— his old friend, Rosen, whom he had known for so many years, died, just like that within these desolate interstellar ruins.
Looking at the black mech fragments on the screen, the muted pain in his chest made Drew speechless for a moment.
After a long silence, Drew took in a deep breath and ordered in a low voice: "Take those mech fragments, bring them all back."
***
The mech fragments were sorted and transported back by the soldiers and were closely packed into a warehouse.
By the time the Hydra Legion returned to Naomi Star, it was already well into the night. Drew massaged his aching temples and returned to the provisional resting place at the Hydra Legion's encampment. He prepared to sort out his emotions and report back the results to the military.
After continuously searching for half a month without success, he in fact already had a bad feeling in his heart, but when he really saw the mech fragments, Drew could not calmly accept it— for three whole years, he and Rosen ate and lived together under the same dormitory roof. He was a close friend he made in the nativity of his youth. While in college, he and Rosen often went together to the Mech Center to practice. Now, Rosen had actually been buried alive amidst the interstellar ruins......
Drew stood alone in the Command Room, recalling those pasts, but only feeling waves of stabbing pain in his heart.
He touched the engraved serpentine totem badge on his chest— the symbol of their Hydra Legion, which was once his pride and glory.
However, the Hydra Legion was only responsible for the drilling of various new types of mechs and the protection of Cepheus. They spend the greater part of their time staying on a safe starfield, very rarely ever going to the frontlines to fight against the Federation. Drew has repeatedly submitted support application to the military and each and every one had been rejected. As someone Rosen personally looked upon as his best friend, he didn't do anything to help when Rosen ran into trouble. He could only bring back the body of Black Dragon, return to the Capital Star, and give a report of the outcome to the military......
— What kind of a fucking comrade-in-arms was he?!
Drew firmly clenched his hand into a fist and harshly swung his first at the wall!
The walls in the Command Room were very solid and firm. When his fist smashed into it, a wide stretch of bruises suddenly emerged on the back of his hand.
Right then, there was a sudden knocking on the door from the outside, and a line of text simultaneously appeared on the screen— Lieutenant Colonel Mike of the Personal Guard Battalion had an unexpected discovery and urgently requested an audience with the General.
Drew looked at the image projected on the screen. The young officer standing in front of the door had a meager build and his face was sheltered from sight by his cap. He was unable to clearly make it out but Drew inexplicably felt that his figure was nevertheless especially familiar......
Frowning somewhat doubtfully, Drew opened the Command Room and allowed the man to come in. After a moment, the thin young officer entered the Command Room with security verification, locked the door with the back of his hand, and respectfully saluted Drew following military etiquette, "General."
The man finally raised his head. His facial features under the cover of the military cap were ordinary and regular, which coincided with the appearance of Lieutenant Colonel Mike of the Personal Guard Battalion in Drew's memory. The moment a pair of crystal clear dark brown eyes crossed his line of sight, the familiarity was enough to make him apprehensive......
"You......" Drew looked at him in shock. "You're not Mike?! Are you?"
That officer gave a small smile, tearing off the mask on his face, revealing the delicate and pretty face underneath.
He swept a glance at Drew insipidly, saying: "Your Omega has been at your side for a whole half of a month, and you really haven't noticed it. General Drew, should I commend you for your excessive concentration on military affairs, or should I scold you for being too slow?"
Drew was struck dumb: "......Be, Be...... Berg?"
Berg nodded, looking at the shocked appearance of Drew with his eyes widened. At the same time, he was amused, but also a little offended at this honest man's one-track mind. Looking down, he found that there was obvious swelling on the back of his hand, and a large area of it was bruised...... Berg couldn't help feeling distressed.
All kinds of complex emotions swirled around, and in the end, Berg can only helplessly sigh and look up at his Alpha, quietly saying word by word: "Drew, don't feel sad so soon, Rosen is not dead yet. That mech...... is not Black Dragon."
The author has something to say: Cousins have come to pay New Year visits, being dragged by them to play poker...... Update later tonight, everyone please forgive me!
Going to school in a foreign country, you can only meet relatives once a year for the New Year. It's not so easy ma~~
(TN: Everybody say welcome back Berg and his ruthless sick burns lmao. Let us all pay our respects to Replica Black Dragon whose sacrifice will not be forgotten~ That is all, I must now write an essay assigned by my school, the topic? Fortnite (I wish I was kidding).)
—Rosen isn’t dead yet, that mech is not Black Dragon.
Drew couldn’t believe it when he heard this sentence being spoken by Berg. He had known Rosen for so many years and Black Dragon was an S-Class mech built by his father, Aston himself. He had seen that mech innumerable times and even witnessed it being born into this world with his own two eyes, it was impossible for him to be mistaken.
Even if there were only the mech fragments left in the cosmic wormhole, with that material and those striking golden eyes, how could it not be Black Dragon?
Drew frowned and said: “How are you so sure that this mech is not Black Dragon?”
Berg was silent for a moment before lifting his head and looking at Drew, saying: “It’s only natural that I should be sure, because…… that mech is precisely what I designed on the basis of Black Dragon’s blueprints. I personally manufactured the replica body.”
Drew:” ………”
The shock in Drew’s heart was no less than at the moment he found out that Berg was the leader of the Undercurrent.
Berg continued speaking with a nonchalant look: “Are you very puzzled as to why I would make that replica body?”
Seeing that Drew wasn’t saying a word, Berg smiled and said: “In order to help Ling Yu leave the Capital Star, I took the intelligence of the Replica Black Dragon out from the Mech Association and manufactured a mech extremely similar to the original Black Dragon in accordance with the original blueprint designs…… And the reason why I helped Ling Yu was not only because he is a member of the Undercurrent, but also for another reason…… He could achieve a lot of things I could never do. I admire him and highly respect him, I didn’t want to see his spirited life completely destroyed.”
He seemed to think back to those days long past, the expression on Berg’s face seemed a bit lost, “Before I married you, Ling Yu and I had been acquainted with each other, he is also related to my joining of The Undercurrent. My biggest dream from an early age was to be able to make an S-Class mech with my own two hands, but I am an Omega. In many people ‘s eyes, the greatest value of an Omega’s existence is nothing but pure bloodlines and excellent fertility……”
Berg self-deprecatingly laughed, “What worth is a dream? Who cares if an Omega has a dream? Even you, Drew, you have never cared about what I wanted most.”
Drew suddenly went silent.
Because he found that he was unable to respond.
After being married to Berg for so many years, he never could have guessed that when he was young, Berg actually had so many beautiful dreams and aspirations. He wanted to be a master mech maker. He wanted to manufacture and pilot an S-Class mech himself ……
However, because he was an Omega, his talents were constantly being overlooked, and eventually, his dreams had also become an extravagant hope……
At the age of eighteen, when Drew saw Berg at the Imperial Palace, he liked that prince with a unique temperament at first sight. Afterwards, Drew passed like thunder and made a move like the wind and got together with the elders of the Bayh Family to propose marriage to His Majesty. In just one short month, the grand wedding between the Royal Family and the Bayh Family was held at the Capital Star.
Many friends and family came on the wedding day and it was particularly bustling with noise and excitement. Berg’s suspension vehicle reserved for the royal household was driven out from the Imperial Palace and circled a full circuit around the central city, ultimately stopping in front of the Bayh Family Residence.
Drew could never forget, the day of the wedding when he returned to the bridal chamber fixed up for them, as his heart was filled with excitement and joy, the scene he saw— Berg was sitting on the bedside and had just finished taking a bath. His black hair was still constantly dripping water, his head was hung low, staring at the floor in front of him, and there was an indescribable expression of sorrow on his face— as if he was not faced with the expectation of newlyweds on their wedding night, but rather an extremely painful punishment.
The pale complexion and slightly red eyes of the new bride sitting on the bedside directly pierced Drew’s heart like a sharp blade.
It wasn’t until that moment that he realized Berg did not want to marry him.
What could be more painful than that? He had cheerfully sent off the guests and returned to the bridal chamber, only to find that the person he had tried his best to marry into his family, was unwillingly married to him.
Although both of them later covered up their emotions since it was the honeymoon phase after marriage— that is, an Omega’s estrus period. Drew had to complete a mark on Berg, but in those three days of marking, from start to finish, Drew could feel Berg’s physical desire and intense mental resistance in his body…… That kind of silent resistance, just like an invisible vine was tightly twisting around the bottommost tip of his heart, tightened around to the point Drew almost couldn’t breathe.
He finally has Berg, but he never really understood Berg or even entered this man’s heart.
I can’t say I’m bitterly disappointed, I was only ever deceiving myself.
To this day, Drew even feels that two people who have shared the same bed for twenty years are just as unfamiliar as strangers briefly brushing by the other.
Coming into contact with Berg’s undisturbed gaze, it took a long time for Drew to tear his eyes away from Berg’s face and say in a whisper: “The second leader of Undercurrent, secretly manufacturing a replica of Black Dragon to help Ling Yu escape from the Capital Star…… Berg, just how many things have you hidden from me?”
Drew’s tone was beaten beyond words as if all of the strength in his body had been drained away.
Berg was silent for a moment before he said quietly: “You must understand very clearly about how discomposed and dangerous the situation of the Royal Family has been over the last few years…… At first,
Wang Xiong
asked me to marry you, he really wanted to rope in the Bayh Family. The marriage between you and I was originally a political marriage…… Before I married you, I had already taken over the Undercurrent. Wang Xiong also participated in me helping Ling Yu……”(
TN
: His Majesty Trent.)
“So it was like this……” Drew tightly clenched his fist, “Marrying me, taking over the Undercurrent, helping Ling Yu…… All of this was set up by your Wang Xiong…… For twenty years, Berg, you have been making use of my identity as a General to protect yourself. At that time you went to the Mech Association to look at the Replica Black Dragon’s intelligence, going to study new mechs, or so you said. I even brought you along to look……”
Drew lowered his head, his expression was slightly twisted from the pain—
He loves this person so much, yet in this person’s heart from beginning to end was so unbothered and detached, there was never a place for him.
Back then, Berg’s body was in poor health after giving birth to Brian. Drew was so distressed that he couldn’t sleep for several days on end. Ever since then, he never wanted to make Berg give birth to another child again, even though he really wanted to have a daughter, or even more sons would be great too, but compared to Berg’s health, everything else was inconsequential……
Such a pureblooded Omega like Berg only having one son, this was practically unheard of throughout the entire Empire.
He loved Berg. From the day he first met him, he couldn’t help falling in love with this prince with a unique temperament. He even placed Berg at the bottom of his heart as the most precious treasure in his life. He couldn’t bear to make Berg suffer one ounce of pain……
But what did Berg give him in return?
A simple line of “political marriage”.
There was only one reason this proud prince chose and easily stayed by his side for so many years— Drew Bayh, the one with the most powerful abilities in that generation of the Bayh Family, the most likely one to become the head of the Hydra Legion. As long as he could become a General, he could be of help to His Majesty and the Royal Family, and so back then, Berg would obey His Majesty Trent’s words and marry him……
Never before has Drew felt such pain that was nearly driving him to despair.
It was as if he had held his heart out to Berg, yet Berg had thrown it to the ground and ruthlessly stepped on it to mush.
Drew took a deep breath, clenched his fists in a strong grip, and said in a low voice: “I can ignore that you are the second leader of Undercurrent, I can pretend not to know that you secretly made a replica body of Black Dragon from the Mech Association, and the matter of you helping Ling Yu escape is also something I can treat as if I never heard it……”
Having said that, the voice of the man who has always been collected got choked up a bit with emotion,” ……just go, Berg…… I…… can’t continue to face you as if nothing ever happened.”
Berg stared blankly ahead, “You’re saying you want…… to break up with me?”
Drew wordlessly looked away.
This kind of estrangement is causing him to suffer great pain.
“……listen until I’m finished speaking, okay?” Berg gently held Drew’s hand. “Although my reasoning for marrying you at the time was for a political marriage nor did I really have any feelings for you in those first few years, but now…… Now I have already fallen in love with you, don’t you know?”
Drew snapped his head around in surprise: “What did you say?”
Berg’s ears turned slightly red, but the expression on his face was nevertheless particularly serious, and stood up on his tippy toes to lean closer toward Drew’s ear, lightly nipping his ear, “Did I not say it last time? I don’t remember it being so long since then…… I love you.”
This action made Drew immediately recall.
That’s right, the last time when he discovered that Berg was the second leader of Undercurrent, Berg did indeed say “I love you”, and he laid down in bed and said, “punish me however you want”. Those few days of “punishing” Berg was undoubtedly a dream-like time that Drew could never forget in his lifetime. Only, at that time there were special circumstances and Drew had still thought that Berg said that as a delaying tactic. He did not expect that he was actually being serious……
Perceiving the warmth of his lips on his ear, he thought of the gentleness and obedience of Berg in those days, Drew’s back stiffened and incredulously looked at Berg, “Wha-what did you just say?”
“……still want me to say it again?” Berg couldn’t help but smile, “I love you.”
Drew has a one-track mind and he didn’t have any bad intentions either. Sometimes he was even a little stupid. Among the Generalissimos in the military, Drew ought to be the most upright and honest one. He felt particularly at ease staying beside him.
Berg smiled and said: “Did you think too much just now? Everything I did was more than ten years ago. At that time, I did indeed use your General status as protection and even exploited you…… but then, I genuinely fell in love with you and everything I’m doing now is not only for myself but also for you, for our child.”
Drew was stunned, his train of thought suddenly couldn’t keep up, what was up with Berg saying both for you and for our child?
Seeing Drew’s eyes widening, Berg couldn’t help thinking of that foolish son, Brian, completely inherited the one-track-minded personality of his father Drew…… He doesn’t know what their second child would be like…… thinking of this, Berg’s gaze became noticeably soft.
“Drew, in reality, my Wang Xiong has always wanted to repeal the original Omega rights protection law and re-enact a real protection bill so that all Omegas can fulfill their dreams, go to the school they like, and even obtain freedom……” Berg looked at Drew with a smile, “Does that feel a bit familiar?”
Drew awkwardly touched his nose, “Would that be the proposal on the protection of rights and interests pertaining to Omegas that was vetoed by the military back then?”
Berg nodded: “Correct, the initial draft of this proposal was drawn up by me. Later after being revised by Wang Xiong, under his behest, several experts from the Imperial Central Research Institute jointly sent it forward.”
Drew: “…………………”
—What kind of an Omega did he marry?
—Leader of the Undercurrent? A genius who manufactured mechs on the sly? Even drafting a proposal that frightened Generals into dropping their jaws to the floor?
Berg said seriously: “Some people in the military have been wanting to thoroughly eliminate the Royal Family and personally take control of the Imperial Regime. Wang Xiong has been very careful over these past few years. Ling Yu is his hidden playing card. Rosen’s accident this time at Naomi Star, there was definitely a traitor in the military that sold his information to the Federation.”
In fact, ever since the moment Udir contacted him in private after the military meeting, Drew had also had his doubts about this— Rosen’s accident was too sudden, the process of the ambush also felt vaguely amiss somewhere. At present, hearing what Berg said validated the suspicions at the bottom of his heart……
If indeed the military has a traitor, the news of Rosen’s troops leaving for Naomi Star had been leaked out.
Drew frowned and said: “I also had my doubts about this, but how can you be sure Rosen is alive?”
Berg said: “Since you’ve found the Black Dragon replica body, it also proved Ling Yu was present at the time of the spatial shocks. I believe that with the abilities is Ling Yu and Rosen, the probability of them acting together to escape from the wormhole is very high, so I can then boldly guess that Rosen hasn’t died.”
Berg firmly grasps Drew’s hand said worriedly, “I left Cepheus not only to tell you of this but for another reason too…… I am afraid that in the event of a mutiny, me staying at the Capital Star would instead make me into their hostage…… I’m afraid that, like Rosen, you would be set up and ambushed by the Federation’s legions…… I’m afraid they will use the Federation’s hand to eliminate you like Rosen.”
With Berg’s words speaking this, the originally lingering pain at the bottom of his heart scattered at long last. Looking at the anxiety-riddled face of Berg in front of him, a warmth instead welled up in his heart, “It’s really because you’re worried about me……”
Berg nodded seriously, “At first, I was planning on sneaking out of the Capital Star and also worried that you would meet with a mishap, I took advantage of the time you were at our house and secretly knocked out Lieutenant Colonel Mike. I disguised myself in his likeness and boarded the Hydra Legion Command Carrier along with you……”
Berg paused, looked up at Drew, and said seriously: “Drew, I married you at that time and gave up on all my dreams, because it was you, I don’t regret it…… But, I want my child to be able to live freely and happily, so, for our child, can I ask for you to stand with me?”
Berg placed Drew’s hand gently on his lower abdomen and said softly, “We will have a second child very soon, if this child is an Omega, in accordance with the previous legislation, they must leave us at the age of eighteen and get married to someone who they may have never seen before…… Could you have the heart to watch your child suffer this kind of treatment?”
Drew looked at Berg in shock, his hand placed on his lower abdomen was frozen stiff and he didn’t even dare move it, “……child? You mean……”
Berg gave a small smile, his gaze softened, “Our foolish son, Brian, will soon have a little brother or sister. Don’t worry, my body has been nursed back to health for so many years, this time I can safely give birth to them.”
Recently, that is, those several days of Berg letting him punish himself as he pleased. Since Berg was not in estrus, Drew thought he wouldn’t get pregnant, so he did not give any birth control pills to him.
Unexpectedly, after so many years passing by, they will actually have a second baby.
Drew was silent for a very long time, he ultimately pulled Berg into his arms excitedly, hugging him tighter and tighter.
***
At the same time, St. Romia Military Academy.
When Caesar and Lin Yuan returned to their dormitory, they saw Brian sitting bitterly at the table with his head drooped down and gobbling down five-star fruits, his expression was almost like an abandoned pug.
Lin Yuan smiled and said: “What’s wrong, got into a fight with Snow, ah?”
Brian raised his eyebrows and said: “I have a very good relationship with Snow. What’s up with your rejoicing in others’ misfortune look?”
Lin Yuan’s pure black eyes moved off to the side, saying with an innocent face: “Is there any misfortune for me to rejoice in?”
“……forget it, forget it, you are a monster. I can’t win against you with words.” Brian sighed helplessly and turned around to say to Caesar: “Caesar, it’s already been half a month and I haven’t been able to contact my Dad. I don’t know what he ‘s doing. Have you heard anything from His Majesty?”
Caesar hesitated, “
Wang Shu
still can’t be contacted?”
(
TN
: This would be the man of the hour, Berg.)
Brian nodded with a heavy expression.
Lin Yuan was also puzzled and said: “Isn’t your Dad in the Capital Star?”
Brian hung his head dispiritedly and said: “I don’t know, there is no one at home. Where the hell did he go, he didn’t even leave me a message either……”
Lin Yuan sympathized with Brian’s fretful state of mind, and silently thought in the bottom of his heart— me too, my father’s whereabouts are still unknown to date. It was said that Naomi Star’s space station broke down, and there wasn’t a signal for a communicator to connect to.
They don’t know what their fathers are doing? Are they still safe?
The author has something to say: The POV has finally returned to the protagonists~
Yuanyuan will definitely have a little Alpha brother, a character like Rosen, strong backing for his Big Bro Yuanyuan/Daddy Ling Yu. If Caesar bullies Lin Yuan in the future, humph humph! The fist of Little Bro Alpha will impolitely greet him~~
Bubu needs a little brother/sister. Does everyone think it’s all good? Meng Little Shota Omega or a Loyal Dog Alpha like Brian?
PS: This text sets the life expectancy to be over 300 years old, so it is totally normal for one’s little brother to be more than ten years younger than himself!
PS2: I probably can’t proofread it over twice today TAT. My dad’s old classmates also came out of nowhere to celebrate the New Year, ah fall down. My relatives are so truly sincere. I will try and make time for the second proofread some other day when there aren’t any relatives around, kisses everyone!
Because of worrying that his dad had run into trouble, Brian’s mood has not been very good these past few days, he has not been able to sleep well for several days, and even had nightmares for several nights in a row.
For his whole life, although his Dad, Berg’s personality was a bit cold, he was actually very doting towards Brian. In Brian’s mind, his Dad, Berg, was his biggest support. In addition, his father also obeys his dad’s every word, and his dad, Berg, is even more of a godly existence at home.
Brian was a bit unruly when he was a kid. Every time he did something wrong, his father, Drew, always loudly yelled at Brian, steaming with rage. He even wanted to use his fist to teach this son. Unfortunately, every time Drew clenched his fist, as long as Berg’s cold gaze swept over him, Drew would immediately come to a halt and slowly make his way over to gather up Berg’s shoulders in his arms, helplessly saying: “Hey, don’t be angry, I also do this for our sons own good…… What will we do if when he grows up this kind of thing continues?”
Berg lightly says: “It’s fine if boys are a bit naughty in their childhood, he will be sensible after he grows up, right? Brian?”
An itty-bitty Brian immediately nodded in rapid succession, cleverly clinging to his Dad’s thigh: “Yes, yes, yes! Dad, what you say is completely right!”
Berg faintly laughed and lightly rubbed Brian’s head, “Good boy, starting tomorrow, daddy will teach you the assembly and installation method of some new parts, you come to the mech warehouse with me for a few months, lest you also go out to stir up trouble.”
Brian’s eyes shone bright and he immediately grasped his Dad’s sleeves firmly, as if he were a puppy, he anxiously followed behind him like a small bum beetle.
Drew grows increasingly out of sorts looking at his son. Ever since this smelly brat was born, Berg’s attention has been entirely focused on this smelly brat……
Berg’s biggest dream was to be a master mech maker, this bit may have been passed down to Brian. From the time when he was little, he had been especially interested in mechs, and Berg was more than happy to teach his son all the knowledge he had. For Brian, spending time with his dad in the mech warehouse occupied most of his childhood, and it was also the happiest memory of his childhood years.
It was also because he had always liked to stay with Berg from a young age and that they have a lot of common language in the mech field, Brian’s relationship with Berg is naturally much closer than his with Drew. Drew was an upright and serious father in Brian’s heart and Brian deeply respected him more. But Berg is nevertheless his closest and dearest dad whom he can talk to about his dreams and even the person he likes about.
Brian knew from Caesar’s mouth that Drew led the Hydra Legion to Naomi Star. It was pretty normal to be unable to contact his father, but Berg rarely traveled far, and being unable to contact him for a full half a month, this made Brian very much uneasy.
***
After school that day, Brian and Snow returned to the dormitory together after finishing eating their evening meal, and Brian, who was always very talkative, was surprisingly dead silent all along the way.
Snow soon picked up on something amiss and after returning to the dormitory, took the initiative to open his mouth and ask: “The semester assessments are coming soon. Has the examination set up for your Mech Engineering Department all been released?”
Brian said, lowering his head: “En, it’s already been posted online.”
After he spoke, he unexpectedly fell silent again.
Snow somewhat worriedly asked: “What’s going on with you?”
Brian feigned an undisturbed smile and said: “It’s nothing. I’m probably just too tired from reviewing these past few days. Go and rest. I’ll take a bath first.” He then turned around and walked to his room.
Snow slightly knit his brows, grabbed Brian’s hand, and asked with a cold face: “Why are you lying?”
Brian turned his head around, coming into contact with Snow’s azure eyes as if they were the color of the blue sky—
The inside of that pair of clear eyes was filled with worry and unease, his slightly frowning look was marked with a distinct dissatisfaction.
Snow attentively stared at Brian’s eyes and said earnestly: “You could make Night Snow with but your own two hands. At your level, how could you be worried about a military academy’s first-year exam? Even though you could pass the third-year graduation exam no sweat? Speaking of this, Snow’s brows couldn’t help furrowing even tighter together, “What the hell happened to you that’d make you look for such a crappy excuse to lie?”
Brian looked at Snow frowning in dissatisfaction, his heart was moved, and he couldn’t help but stoop down and place a kiss on his lips, lowly asking a breath away from his lips: “Snow, is this you being concerned about me?”
Snow: “…………”
Some people’s level of shamelessness was simply more impenetrable than the city wall of the Capital Star’s Imperial Palace.
But hearing what he said, Snow, however, had to admit that he was a bit unaccustomed to looking at the always enthusiastic Brian suddenly hanging his head down dispiritedly and it also made Snow a little worried— what the hell happened to make Brian so dejected?
Snow was silent for a moment and shifted his eyes off to the side in embarrassment. He turned his head away and coldly said: “If you know that I am worried, then why would you still lie to me?”
—This feigned appearance of coldness and detachment, especially looking through Brian’s eyes, it is particularly titillating.
Brian couldn’t help but tightly wrap his arms around his waist, resting his chin on his shoulder, and say in a hushed voice: “Actually, there is a little issue concerning my family…… It seems as if my dad suddenly dropped off the face of the universe and I’ve been unable to get in contact with him for a full half of a month. I’m really worried that something could have happened to him……”
Snow was lost for words, he remembered that Brian’s dad was a very classy man and that he could successfully escape from Cepheus at that time was also thanks to Berg secretly coming to his rescue. Moreover, Berg even gave him an inhibitor. Snow has always been very thankful for that, and he also has a very favorable impression of Brian’s dad.
Brian took a deep breath and continued to say: “My dad very rarely travels far away. This kind of situation is definitely not normal. If by any chance something happened to him, I…… I really am very worried……”
Brian’s voice suddenly deepened. He tightened his arms wrapping around Snow even more as if he were drawing in a bit of warmth.
Snow could perceive his sadness.
Fellow student Brian, who would wear a smile all day long, unexpectantly displayed such a lost expression. A trace of distress suddenly surfaces at the bottom of Snow’s heart. He couldn’t help but reach out his hand and gently stroke the man’s head, saying softly: “Don’t be sad…… Being unable to contact him doesn’t necessarily mean he’s in trouble. Maybe your dad had a very important matter and left the Capital Star for the time being?”
Brian nodded his head, “……I hope so.”
At that moment, he suddenly felt very happy…… When Snow lightly stroked his head like petting a house pet’s fur, Brian felt as if the place where his heart was had received a kind of warming consolation.
Although Snow was cold and haughty on the surface, Brian knew that Snow was actually a very gentle and soft person hidden under the cover of his iceberg-like shell. He also silently cared about him and was willing to lay down his pride to console him…
Brian is already content with the way things are now.
This is the Omega I like, the Omega that can give me comfort and strength at a crucial moment.
Sensing that Brian’s embrace was getting tighter and tighter, Snow couldn’t help quietly saying: “Don’t think too much about it. I will go back tomorrow and ask my Dad. Both of them are members of the Undercurrent, they are very familiar with each other and there may be special contact methods.”
Brian nodded, and then released Snow, gave a small smile, and moved in to kiss him tenderly.
***
Unexpectedly, after returning to his bedroom, just after taking a bath, Brian received a communication request sent from Drew to his surprise.
Brian immediately picked up the request without a second thought, watching on as his father donned in a military uniform appeared in front of him, he couldn’t help but loudly yell: “Where have you been old man? Do you know what’s going on at home? The communicator has been unable to be connected with and I haven’t been able to contact Dad for half a month!”
Drew touched his nose and quietly coughed before he said: “You lower your voice a bit, your dad is here with me. I fear he’s too tired, I sent him off to bed just a moment ago……”
As he spoke, he swept the lens of the communicator towards the bed.
Sure enough, a man with a handsome face lay on the bed, his eyebrows relaxed, he was evidently sleeping very well.
Seeing that Berg was soundly asleep, Brian let go of the worry that had lingered in his heart for half a month and breathed a little sigh of relief, saying: “Isn’t the Hydra Legion at Naomi Star? How could Dad be with you, ah?”
“He came together with me.”Drew smiled and said proudly: “Stinking brat, I have some good news to tell you, you’re going to be a big brother soon.”
Brian stared blankly ahead, but didn’t respond for a short while, “What…… big brother?”
Drew raised an eyebrow up, saying: “You’re truly a moron! Your dad is pregnant. You will have a little brother or sister.” Drew broke off his speech and said seriously, “I want you to be a good big brother in the future. Take proper care of your younger sibling, don’t bully them, you got it? “
Brian: “……………”
Brian really didn’t know whether he should laugh or cry at this moment.
He was worried for half a month and thought with a crippling fear that something had happened to his dad, and in the end, it turned out to instead be something good— Dad was actually pregnant?!
Looking at Drew’s excited appearance with his IQ suddenly dropping 100 points, Brian showed an unusual loss for words.
However, thinking that Dad will be going give birth to a soft and cute little one, one that would follow him at his tail and use their soft and puerile voice to call out, “big brother” “big brother”, Brian couldn’t help but to also get excited, inquisitively saying: “Old man, is this one going to be a son or a daughter? Alpha or Omega?”
Drew frowned, saying: “We still don’t know yet, however, I’m hoping for an Omega that does as one is told. In any case, as long as it is not an Alpha son it’s fine.” So as to avoid an unruly trouble-making one like Brian that made this father of his especially want to brandish his fists and punch someone.
Brian said with a beaming smile: “An Omega would also be pretty good, I would certainly take good care of them and try to nurture them as much as possible……”
—Nurture them into the kind of little Omega monsters like Lin Yuan and Snow, who couldn’t be bullied.
— Of course, Brian could only say this in his heart.
After Drew shared the good news with his son, he once again donned a grave look and said: “That’s right, you have to take an exam in a few days, isn’t that so?”
Brian said full of self-confidence: “Relax, even if your son can’t get full marks, he can stay in the top three for sure.”
Drew nodded and said: “After you’re done with your exams, don’t come back home, your grandfather went on a trip to a
relative’s
place and your dad is here with me, you can go wherever you want this vacation.”
(
TN
: He used the word that means your father’s cousin and I’m assuming (confident) that he’s referring to Trent with that since I don’t think any of Drew’s cousins have been mentioned/plot relevant.)
Brian’s eyes lit up, “Really?!”
In that case, he could accompany Snow on a romantic two-person trip…… What would be a good place to go? Take a look at the legendary violet nebula in Andromeda Galaxy M31? Or go to Planet Rennes to see the snow?
Brian was immersed within his beautiful fantasies, he didn’t notice in the slightest how worry flashed in Drew’s eyes as he said those words.
—You mustn’t go back to the Capital Star, because there very well may be a huge crisis lurking in the Capital Star.
Drew took a deep breath and looked at his son as he said in a low voice: “If you run into a situation where you are unable to get in contact with us again, you don’t need to worry, the Naomi Star Space Station had been blown up. The communication signal here is not very good.”
Brian nodded: “I got it, take good care of Dad.”
Drew knit his brows: “You’re telling me.”
Drew gave his son a cold look, turned off his communicator, and looked at his soundly sleeping lover in bed, he immediately smiled in a cheerful mood.
***
The good news that Berg was pregnant was shared with Caesar by Brian that very night. They had played together their whole lives. There were practically no secrets kept between these good bros.
Caesar was quite surprised by this. He knew that ever since Wang Shu had given birth to Brian, General Drew was worried that his body wouldn’t be in good health and wasn’t willing to let him give birth again. In fact, the life expectancy of humans now commonly exceeds 300 years. Omegas all have the ability to give birth until they turn 100. Many pure-blooded Omegas have numerous children. Berg Wang Shu had only given birth to Brian. The number of people in General Drew’s bloodline is indeed really thin.
Brian was very excited about becoming a big brother and even wanted to help think of a name for his little brother/sister. Unfortunately, with his naming ability, he’d certainly curse his younger siblings to death.
Brian also raised the subject of vacation plans, saying that he wanted to go back to take a look at Snow’s hometown together with Snow. He even asked Caesar, would you like to drop by Lin Yuan’s hometown to see the snowy scenery?
Caesar couldn’t help but wrinkle his brows—
Could it be a coincidence? Why is General Drew having Brian go out on vacation to mess around, and his Fu Wang also told him not to return to Capital Star to go on vacation? Is something going to happen in the Capital Star?
His keen intuition suddenly made a sudden feeling of uneasiness rise from the bottom of Caesar’s heart.
That night, Caesar contacted Xiwei Dawang Xiong, and Xiwei smiled and said: “Nothing is going on with the Capital Star, you’re just overthinking things too much, don’t you think? Fu Wang is letting you go out to learn your own sense of principles from your own experience. As an Alpha prince, you still haven’t gone to as many places as I have.”
Caesar: “……”
Dawang Xiong has had the body of an Omega and the personality of an Alpha ever since he was a child. He frequently sneaks out of the Imperial Palace to “travel” everywhere, and he indeed has traveled all over the Empire’s major galaxies. Caesar really admired this too.
Since Xiwei had said as much, Caesar’s mind was reassured and he concentrated on preparing for the examinations next month.
***
What Caesar didn’t know was that after ending the call, Xiwei was abruptly summoned by Trent to the Palace.
This was the first time that his Fu Wang had urgently called him over this late at night. Xiwei spoke somewhat puzzledly: “Fu Wang, what are you calling on me for so late at night?”
Trent said with a heavy expression, “Go on a trip to Lyra, your younger sister
Sia
is critically ill and it isn’t easy for your mother and me to leave the Imperial Palace. Go and check up on her on our behalf.”
(
TN
: the second princess, already married, has a big-sister-like beauty. Changed from the previous translation of Cecilia. 西雅-Xīyǎ)
Xiwei said in shock: “Yaya is sick? What illness could be so serious?”
(
TN
: Nickname from the last character in her name.)
Trent sighed softly: “The doctor said that it’s a mental issue, she has always had mild depression, it’s gotten even worse recently. A few days ago she almost committed suicide…… You have been close to her from a young age. Go spend some time with her and talk her out of this funk.”
Princess Sia was only one year younger than Xiwei and after she was married off to Lyra the year she turned 18, Xiwei never got to see her face-to-face again, only hearing about her state of affairs through the occasional video call.
Even though she was a princess, as an Omega she had to bear and raise children as a housewife.
When his little sister Sia was a child, she had a strong personality and she liked to run off to all kinds of places with beautiful landscapes to paint pictures. Novel ideas would pour in unceasing torrents from her mind. Shutting her up in the house all day long, it was no wonder that she would suffer from depression.
Xiwei nodded immediately, saying: “Then I will set off tomorrow and go see how she is……”
His little sister who was so lively when she was young would unexpectantly suffer from depression and attempt suicide. Xiwei was so terribly distressed that he couldn’t wait to immediately fly over to her side.
Trent was silent for a moment and solemnly said: “You are an Omega, you cannot show your face in public. Be careful when leaving the Capital Star this time, I will send people to escort you. Don’t wait until tomorrow, just get going now.”
Xiwei was stunned, he hurriedly said: “Got it, Fu Wang, I’ll go back and prepare.”
Later that night, Xiwei departed from Cepheus along with the accompanying Royal Guard Squadron.
What he didn’t know was that all the while within the Imperial Palace, His Majesty Trent and Queen Anna had followed his mech with their eyes as it gradually disappeared past the horizon.
With glistening tears threatening to spill from her eyes, Queen Anna said almost inaudibly: “Xiwei and Caesar will both be safe, right?”
Both of their daughters had been married off and are far away in the Lyra Galaxy. After all, the princesses are much less threatening than the princes. Their safety can be guaranteed too. Anna feels the most unrest about the eldest prince Xiwei, who has always been unwilling to be married off and the youngest prince Caesar who was still attending school at the military academy.
Trent’s facial expression was extremely heavy, a good chunk of time had gone by before he spoke in a low voice: “They are, I already made the arrangements, all of them will be safe.”
When he foresees possible dangers occurring, he sends his sons off in advance. This is what he should do as a father. Xiwei and Caesar are still young, he cannot allow his children to be drawn into this dispute. Even if the Royal Family really goes to ruin, he also has to ensure the safety of his sons.
Trent gently placed his hand on his wife’s shoulder, turning back to look at her, “You should go with Xiwei……”
“No.” Queen Anna interrupted him with a smile and said softly, “I am the Queen of this Empire, I am also your wife. No matter what, I should be by your side and we should face everything together”
Queen Anna gently held His Majesty Trent’s hand, her gaze was earnest and resolute.
The woman who appeared weak and gentle, at that moment, the brilliance in her eyes even surpassed the most resplendent starlight in the sky.
The author has something to say: There is only the calm left before the storm ~~
Before the storm arrives, the little monster, classmate Lin Yuan still has to be marked, simply adding hail to a storm (be delighted to hear and see it).
Time goes by especially fast and the first-semester assessment of St. Romia Military Academy’s reformed educational system was coming up soon.
Due to his bustling academic life, Lin Yuan put other things off to the side for the time being. He must make an all-out effort for the military academy’s stringent evaluation system. Lin Yuan had already won the Outstanding Student of the Year honorary certificate. As the squad leader of the Command Department’s Class 1, he cannot allow his performance to betray the confidence put in him by his fellow classmates. Since everyone voted for him, he must do his best.
In the past few days, Lin Yuan has been hanging around the library to review almost every day. Snow too has to deal with the entrance examination of the medical school. The two of them have both made an unspoken agreement to make the most of every second to review, practically treating the library as their homes.
Two little Omega monsters study books in the library as if their lives depended on it, Caesar and Brian naturally wanted to accompany them.
Every day after dinner, there seemed to be a type of tacit agreement between the four of them to go to the library together.
Brian and Caesar didn’t need to review so earnestly, leaving aside that Brian had already learned these courses under the guidance of Berg from the time he was a child. As a prince, he has also long since been able to recite a majority of the theoretical knowledge in regards to the Command Department frontwards and backward. However, Lin Yuan and Snow are going to the library and so the two of them naturally want to come along. With their Omegas at their side, even the dry and dull revision process becomes joyous and harmonious.
Very soon, the time comes to take the exams.
Military Theory, Emperor’s XX History, Battle Operation Technique, Cosmic Mechanics, Introduction to Outer Space, and so on, one subject after another, testing eight courses for four days in a row, all students were tested to the point of nearly hacking up blood.
Because Lin Yuan had been laboriously reviewing for more than half a month, he did very well in the exam room. When he finished the exam, a glittering smile covered his face.
On the way back to the dormitory, Lin Yuan also excitedly matched his answers up against Caesar’s, “Caesar, what did you choose for the last question?”
Caesar couldn’t help but smile and say as he came into contact with Lin Yuan’s bright eyes: “Why, do you not have confidence in the answer you chose? ”
Lin Yuan very honestly said: “En, I am certain of all the other questions, it’s only on this question that I’m unsure of, I randomly guessed on it. ”
Caesar said: “You should’ve chosen C, Cosmic Calendar Year 327, February 1.”
“……oh, then I chose the wrong one.” Lin Yuan smiled and said, “Sure enough, I can’t guess the right answer every time, ah.”
At that time he was taking the entrance exam for the military academy, there was a question in the Theoretical Course that he couldn’t answer. He randomly made a wild guess and unexpectedly guessed it correctly. Thus, he received a full 300-points school score in his admission records, thereby attracting Caesar’s attention.
Good luck does not pay a visit to you every time, this time he guessed incorrectly, Lin Yuan, however, did not mind this. In any case, he spared no effort while reviewing. It was good enough that he could look into his heart with a clear conscience, he couldn’t get full marks every single time.
Lin Yuan looked back at Caesar and changed the topic: “That’s right, what plans do you have after we’re let out for vacation, ah?”
Caesar smiled and said: “I want to go to Planet Rennes to see snow.”
Immediately, Lin Yuan said excitedly: “Okay, ah, I will be your tour guide! The snowy scenery in my hometown is indeed the most beautiful in the whole Empire. Planet Rennes has a lot of beautiful attractions and there are also all kinds of artistic ice sculptures. We can even go skiing……”
Looking at Lin Yuan’s excited appearance, Caesar couldn’t help but grudgingly heave a sigh at the bottom of his heart.
Lin Yuan’s nerves are truly super thick, making it so that people are unable to face him straight-on. The two are now in a romantic relationship. Caesar said that he wanted to go to Lin Yuan’s hometown. This is obviously to meet his family and set the pace of their relationship, yet Lin Yuan says with an unbothered face…… I can be your tour guide?
Evidently, this little guy had not realized that Caesar was not going there in order to “travel” and “see the snowy scenery”, but rather to “meet the parents”.
***
Their minds ran on the same wavelength. While Snow was packing his luggage in his dorm room, Brian suddenly walked up to Snow with a thick face and asked: “Are you going back home for vacation?”
Snow gave him a puzzled glance, “Heading back, ah, what’s going on? ”
Brian said in all smiles: “Take me along with you.”
Snow: “……what are you going to be doing over there?”
Brian smiled and said: “I want to see the place where you grew up. Besides, your dads will be staying over here the whole time and you’ll be all by yourself going home, you might as well bring me along.”
After a short period of silence, Snow only said faintly: “The Cigar Galaxy is very cold, you won’t be accustomed to it going over there.”
Brian rushed to say: “How could that be so, I’ve especially wanted to go there to see the snow ever since I was a kid. I heard that the snowy scenery in your hometown is pretty nice.”
Snow: “……”
This pesky Alpha made Snow feel very helpless, most of all was the expectant smile that was meeting his gaze, this kind of shining gaze was simply like a large dog begging for food from its owner……
Snow is not as thick-headed as Lin Yuan and he has long since seen through Brian ‘s intentions in his eyes— holiday trips for two are indeed one of the best ways to further a relationship between couples. Many of these couples take a qualitative leap in their relationships throughout the course of a trip…… Two people staying at the same hotel, sleeping in the same bed, it was difficult to guarantee what kind of things would happen.
Furthermore, Brian did not look like a man of honor who would look at his Omega beside him without making a move.
This guy ordinarily just likes to steal kisses from Snow. If the two of them spend their vacations together, God knows whether or not he would just directly overwhelm him and mark him?
Snow hesitated for a second, saying: “I’m only staying for a couple of days at Planet Oman before coming back, Father bought a house near the school, so I have to move all of my stuff over, then will live there in the future.”
“You’re going to be moving, ah?” Brian’s pair of eyes brightened: “Then that’s perfect, you’ll tire yourself out too much moving by yourself, I’ll go over and lend a hand!”
His eyes full of expectations simply made anyone unable to refuse him. His thick-faced coaxing and pestering is certainly his best weapon in dealing with Snow.
Under Brian’s expectant gaze, Snow ultimately relented and stiffly nodded, saying: “……then ……alright, you come over and help me out. Father has already booked my ticket for me, it’s for the spacecraft on the evening of the 6th.”
Brian hurriedly said: “Okay, I’ll book it at once!”
Looking at Brian who was smugly running off to book a ticket, Snow could not help but helplessly wrinkle his eyebrows—
He never thought that someone would like to stick to him so much, seeing himself all day long didn’t bother him at all. But even stranger, Snow himself wasn’t even bothered by being stuck to by Brian either?
Could it be because he was getting used to it?
***
The test scores came out the next day and were sent to each person’s inbox by email. Only the grades of each course and the rank of themselves in their own class were given. Other peoples’ grades were unable to be known since they were **.
All four passed without a hitch, none of them failed any subjects. Lin Yuan even lived up to expectations and took second place for the best grades in their class. Lin Yuan presumed that the first place must have been taken by Caesar and ran off to Caesar’s bedroom to ask. As expected, Caesar had gotten full marks.
Lin Yuan could not help sticking his thumb up in admiration, “You really are too fierce.”
Caesar gave a small smile and said silently to himself: “If one isn’t a bit fierce, how could you conquer this little monster that is looked upon as an idol by all of the Betas in the school?”
Lin Yuan came face to face with the glimmering smile Caesar wore, somewhat mistrustfully saying: “What are you smiling at, ah?”
Caesar put away his smile and said seriously: “When do you plan on going home?”
Lin Yuan said: “Tomorrow evening, General Udir has booked tickets for me and Snow and we will also be meeting up with his dad tomorrow morning.”
Caesar asked: “Would you like me to accompany you over?”
Lin Yuan hurriedly said: “No need, just going together with Snow is fine.”
Caesar didn’t have much more to say then. He had this big brother Snow at his side and he was in a military district with good public security. He wasn’t worried that anything would happen to Lin Yuan. All-day tomorrow was just enough time to think about what gifts to bring to this little monster’s adoptive mother and sister. This time cannot be a repeat of the tragedy that was meeting the Marshal. At the very least he has to leave a good impression on his adoptive mother and sister.
That evening, Lin Yuan finished taking a bath very early and played a few mech battles in passing.
Almost three months had already passed to the day when he was temporarily marked by Caesar in Cepheus, that is, next time he has to inject an inhibitor to suppress his estrus.
He didn’t know what was going on either. While he was sleeping in the middle of the night, he was abruptly roused by a frightful dream, and the strange stirring in the depths of his body made Lin Yuan break out in sweats all over his body. The odd feeling of emptiness was just like being bitten by millions of ants……
“Mmn……”
Lin Yuan blushed and stretched a hand into his pants, holding the offending part and hastily resolved it, but strangely, his body seemed to be incapable of obtaining any satisfaction at all. On the contrary, in the wake of the first venting, that weird sense of emptiness became even stronger.
Lin Yuan scrambled to the table and opened that locked drawer with shaking fingers—
Inside there was a transparent bottle in the drawer filled with white pills, which were inhibitor pills mailed over by Dr. Fornt previously and because his estrus was suppressed by Caesar’s temporary mark, Lin Yuan has not taken any of these for the past three months, but the situation tonight seems to be somewhat off. Lin Yuan no longer hesitates to take a pill and swallow it down with warm water. He then dashes into the bathroom to take a cold shower.
Strange desires within the body were slowly pressed back down, Lin Yuan sat in the bathtub, letting out a relaxed sigh at last.
He headed back to bed once again, but couldn’t fall back asleep. Lin Yuan always felt that a ferocious beast seemed to be imprisoned in the depths of his body. Even though it was complacent for the time being, there would inevitably be a day where it would break out of its cage…… it was just as if a vicious beast was forcibly locked away in a zoo. It has been suppressed for too long and had accumulated too much anger. Once the cage is opened, the consequences are simply unthinkable……
Uncle Ling Feng is a professional doctor, the inhibitors he makes should be useful, shouldn’t they? Lin Yuan can only think like this to disperse the intense uneasiness that suddenly surges in his heart.
***
The next morning, Snow and Lin Yuan had already left by the time Ceasar and Brian had gotten out of bed.
Thus, two bored Alphas grouped together and went shopping in town. Caesar was going to buy a housewarming gift for Lin Yuan’s mother and sister. Brian planned to buy Snow some delicious things to bring onto the spacecraft for snacks. After strolling about for half a day, they soon completed their tasks. When they came back to the dormitory, the two Omegas unexpectantly still hadn’t returned.
Brian couldn’t help but ask: “You said Snow took Lin Yuan back to his dad’s place. What on earth are they doing?”
Caesar said: “They ought to be getting inhibitor injections…… it’s almost been three months since they were marked.”
Brian froze and touched his nose a bit gloomily.
—Such a mark that expires after three months is truly unpleasant. It seems that Brian ‘s Alpha best before date has already passed. Snow can toss him away into the garbage can. In the future, as long as there is an inhibitor, Snow won’t have a use for Brian.
Brian and Caesar looked at each other face to face……
How could these Alphas be feeling so pitiful?
The value of their existence appears to be worth less than an inhibitor?
In the eyes of Lin Yuan and Snow, these two Alphas are indeed pretty handy as temporary inhibitors.
Yet Snow was gradually lowering the defenses erected around his heart for Brian and was even a little moved. Lin Yuan, on the other hand, was slow enough to make a person unable to stand to look at him.
Even after going through two days of wilderness group training, mutually comforting each other in a small tent with Caesar all throughout the night, the simple-minded Classmate Lin Yuan very quickly forgot about that matter and devoted all his energy to studying.
Ling Feng went over and specially tidied up the inside of the place that Udir bought in advance. When Lin Yuan and Snow searched for the house in light of the address, the house was already put together very neatly and tidily. It had a very homely feeling.
Ling Feng was wrapped around in an apron preparing a meal for Snow and Lin Yuan, Udir was lending a hand off to the side. It was hard to imagine the General of the Rose Legion who has always possessed a gentlemanly elegance would surprisingly roll up his sleeves to help cut up vegetables, slicing them uniformly.
The sumptuous lunch was quickly served on the table and the four of them ate around the table.
Lin Yuan looked at the way Udir smiles and brings the dishes to Ling Feng and Snow and he couldn’t help but feel a bit of sourness rise at the bottom of his heart—
The feeling of a whole family coming together is truly nice.
Looking at Snow and his fathers sitting all together, Lin Yuan was especially envious. He was unable to get in touch with his father and he didn’t have a clue where his dad was. Lin Yuan didn’t even know for sure if they were safe and sound. That type of feeling of his heart being squeezed was particularly painful……
Above all, when compared with the warm scene of Snow’s family being reunited and Lin Yuan just sitting there looking very lonely and helpless.
Seeing Lin Yuan’s hanging his head silently eating food, Ling Feng couldn’t help but take the initiative to pass a pork chop over to him, softly saying: “Xiao Yuan, try it, I made it myself……”
Lin Yuan immediately looked up and smiled, saying: “Thank you Uncle, I’ve got it from here.”
Ling Feng looked at Lin Yuan and wondered what the right thing to say was.
The connection between him and Ling Yu has been broken off for a long time. Udir even analyzed the probability of Rosen and Ling Yu still being alive, but the unease in Ling Feng’s heart nevertheless has yet to lessen……
How difficult would it be for Xiao Yuan if by any chance something had happened to Ling Yu?
He didn’t even dare think about the aftermath of this.
Looking at the youth who had always been lively and cheerful hanging his head down in a depressed manner, Ling Feng could only feel unimaginably distressed.
After the meal, Ling Feng called for Snow and Lin Yuan to come into a room and carefully examined their physical conditions. The pheromone levels in their blood tended to 0, clearly still not entering estrus. Ling Feng then laid down his worries, brought the inhibitor out and individually injected it into the two of them.
The transparent liquid unhurriedly flowed into their bodies through their veins, both Snow and Lin Yuan breathed out a sigh of relief at last.
The effectiveness of this injection is three months, and the injection of this inhibitor means that they have no need to worry for at least three months.
On the way back, Lin Yuan kept his hands in his pockets and silently bowed his head as he moved forth. Snow perceived his downcast mood and couldn’t help saying quietly: “Xiao Yuan, are you still worried about Marshal Rosen?”
After a moment of silence, Lin Yuan said in a low voice: “I don’t know how he is doing right now, I haven’t been able to reach him at all.”
Snow lightly patted his little brother’s shoulder, comforting: “Don’t worry, he might be busy at the moment, if something had happened to him, it’d have already been announced in the news by now.”
Lin Yuan nodded, “En.”
Snow changed the topic and said, “Head back and rest for a bit, go over to the Space Station for the evening spacecraft. By the way, Brian said he would be coming along with me and bought a ticket for this trip.”
Lin Yuan said in surprise: “Is Brian meeting up with Caesar? Why are they both going to the Cigar Galaxy?”
Snow also said in surprise: “Caesar is going too?”
Lin Yuan nodded his head, “Yeah, he said he wanted to go with me to see the snowy scenery……”
The two looked at each other and then simultaneously looked away in embarrassment.
—These two large doting Alphas, why do they have to follow them everywhere they go?
***
Lin Yuan didn’t anticipate that Caesar would not only follow after him but would even be staying with him too.
After passing through the security check and boarding the cosmic passenger spacecraft, when Lin Yuan found his cabin in accordance with the ticket number, he discovered that in the seat opposite to him, it was not Snow at all. Rather, it was a guy standing tall, the view of his back appearing extremely familiar.
That guy heard some movement, turned his head around, and gave a small smile at him. His smile was handsome and dazzling.
Lin Yuan abruptly froze where he stood in shock: “……Cae, Caesar? How did you get here?”
Caesar said frankly: “I exchanged tickets with Snow.”
Lin Yuan: “……………… ”
The justification Caesar gave the exchange of tickets with Snow was that he and Lin Yuan are in the same class. The teacher for an upcoming exam was far too abnormal and had a lot of tricky questions. With the two of them staying together, it was the perfect chance to talk over how he should solve those questions he couldn’t do.
When Caesar spoke, he was very earnest and serious, as if he really was switching seats for the purpose of consulting the subjects with Lin Yuan. Although Snow knew that it was impossible for them to only discuss the problems together, since Caesar offered to change tickets, Snow was also found it embarrassing to refuse him outright.
No matter what, their two cabins would be near to each other and it will be the same when he goes looking to chat with Lin Yuan tomorrow at daybreak after tonight passes.
It’s just that, seeing the smile plastered on Classmate Brian’s face on the bed across from him, helping him pack his bags, Snow suddenly felt like he had “fallen into a trap”.
This spacecraft set off from Po Military Starfield, passed through Lyra, and then arrived at the Cigar Galaxy. It was much faster than the trip Lin Yuan took on his way to school and the whole journey took only four days. The spacecraft passenger capacity was also relatively smaller. There were a whole bunch of VIP cabins. The VIP double room cabins were comparable to the double rooms of hotels. The expansive beds, the plush couch-like safety chairs, and even the personal bathrooms were put together very cleanly and tidily.
This sort of cozy environment is indeed worthy of the high price of VIP tickets.
Now that Caesar had exchanged his ticket with Snow’s, Lin Yuan was also too embarrassed to say “I’ll go switch it back” and was forced to sit down on the other bed.
After a fit of violent tremors, the spacecraft quickly took off, leaving the Po Military Starfield and smoothly entered the space channel.
It was already more than ten o’clock in the evening. Through the porthole, one could see the landscape of the cosmos, but Lin Yuan simply was not in the mood to appreciate it. He hung his head down and began dozing off.
When Caesar saw that his mind was clearly growing weary bit by bit, he said in a soft voice: “Xiao Yuan, go to bed a bit earlier if you are tired.”
“En…… Then I’ll go to sleep first.” Lin Yuan yawned and rubbed his eyes. He took off his coat, laid down on the bed, and covered himself with the quilt.
Past all expectations, while he had just been nodding off sitting in the safety chair, he, however, couldn’t get to sleep after lying down.
For some reason, his mind seemed a bit restless and his body’s reactions seemed to grow strange, but he couldn’t tell where exactly the weirdness was coming from. He started feeling different to some extent ever since he got the injection of that inhibitor, just as he had always done.
Seeing that Lin Yuan was laying down, Caesar thoughtfully turned off the lights in the room and the inside of the cabin suddenly fell into darkness.
Lin Yuan wrapped his quilt around him tightly and shut his eyes. While he still couldn’t fall asleep, Caesar next to him nevertheless soon fell into a deep sleep, he breathed evenly.
He doesn’t know how long passed, the spacecraft encountered a fluctuating airflow and suddenly jolted. Subsequently, a strange warmth rose from within Lin Yuan’s body and it swept through his whole body like a storm!
He soon hardened and the unmentionable place behind him even contracted impatiently, as if longing for something, the sense of emptiness in his body grew stronger and stronger, a strange trembling sensation slowly climbed from the base of his spine to the top of his head……
Lin Yuan opened his eyes wide in shock— wha, what is going on here?!
The author has something to say:
Everyone previously guessing the location of their first time did not guess it, hehe, the protagonists’ first time is on a shaking ship, they are not ordinary shakes of a ship, it’s a spacecraft……
This author’s moral integrity has already been eaten up by all of you ^ _ ^
NSFW
The spacecraft encountering airflow fluctuations during the course of navigation is a very common phenomenon, Caesar is a very light sleeper and the sudden shocks roused him from his sleep immediately afterward.
The shocks lasted for close to ten seconds before the spacecraft then very quickly stabilized.
Caesar rolled over and intended to continue sleeping, but his keen nose suddenly picked up an odd smell— a kind of strangely fragrant and sweet scent that was seemingly captivatingly depraved, the heavy and pure scent of Omega pheromones flooded the enclosed cabin like a violently surging tide, it washed over every pore on his body, causing a warm flow of desire to suddenly rise throughout Caesar’s body.
Caesar: “………”
He had even thought that it was all a strange spring dream. Caesar slightly frowned, suppressing the inexplicable urge rising within him, he turned his back away from Lin Yuan’s direction and closed his eyes.
“Mnn… mmph…”
Low groaning sounds suddenly rang in his ears and they appeared to stifle some sort of pain—
That was Lin Yuan’s voice?!
Caesar hesitated for a moment before immediately coming to the realization that this was no dream. Using his fastest speed, he rolled out of bed, turned on the lights in the room, and sped-walked over to Lin Yuan’s bedside— he merely saw that Lin Yuan had wrapped himself into a large
zongzi
on the bed. His entire body was bundled in a quilt.
(
TN
: Taken from Wikipedia- Zongzi is a traditional Chinese rice dish made of glutinous rice stuffed with different fillings and wrapped in bamboo leaves.)
Caesar asked in befuddlement: “Xiao Yuan, what’s going on with you?”
Lin Yuan didn’t respond, but the quilt harshly trembled.
Caesar couldn’t help but extend his hand and lift open the quilt— he only saw Lin Yuan reaching into his pants and he somewhat shakily moved up and down. There was a trace of moisture floating in his dark eyes and his face red almost to the point of dripping blood.
Caesar: “………”
Wha-what is this situation?
The sweet fragrance of the Omega pheromones in the nose grows even more intense due to the near proximity. Should this type of rich pheromone scent spread out, once it garners the attention of all of the other Alphas on the spacecraft, the consequences would be too horrible to contemplate!
Caesar immediately knit his brows and said: “White Feather!”
Yawning inside the space button, White Feather’s spirit trembled with fear. It jumped out in a panic, saying: “What’s going on! What’s going on! What happened?”
Caesar sat down on his bedside and gently helped Lin Yuan up, letting him lean into his arms while saying to White Feather: “Seal off the cabin right away and purify the air!”
“…oh!”
White Feather did as requested without an inkling of hesitation, blocking off the entire cabin from the outside and simultaneously initiated its air purification system.
After the rich pheromone scent inside the room had been purified, the air was significantly fresher and cleaner, but the sweet pheromones that continued coming from Lin Yuan’s body nevertheless quickly filled the room once more.
White Feather was shocked and said: “The pheromones are still being continuously produced… is it impossible to completely eliminate it with this kind of purification, ah?”
The color of Caesar’s eyes deepened. The scent of this kind of pheromone is still being unceasingly produced. The mech’s air purification system cannot completely remove this kind of smell… After a period of silence, Caesar said: “Inspect the cabin, there must be no gaps whatsoever for the smell of pheromones to leak out!”
There are a lot of Alphas on this spacecraft, if the scent is leaked, the aftermath would be awfully grave.
White Feather also perceived the seriousness of the matter from its Master’s mental fluctuations, it immediately turned around and fully inspected the cabin carefully and confirmed that there were no gaps. Only then did it return to Caesar and say: “Master, the seal is complete!”
Looking on as the smell of pheromone grew richer and richer, there seemed to be the warning signs of entering estrus. Caesar said in a rush: “Quickly test the presence of pheromones in his body.”
“OK!” White Feather took a drop of Lin Yuan’s blood for testing and very quickly obtained the end results, saying in astonishment: “Ma-Master! The pheromone presence in his blood has already risen to 9.0… ha-has his estrus arrived?!”
Caesar’s face abruptly stiffened.
—If it is indeed caused by estrus, then that would be why his pheromones have become so rich?
—But how could Xiao Yuan suddenly enter estrus?
—Did he not meet with Ling Feng this afternoon and inject an inhibitor?
These three questions both shocked and puzzled Caesar’s heart.
Before an estrus arrives, Omega can use various methods— such as temporary marks and injecting inhibitors— to prevent the estrus from arriving, but once the pheromone level exceeds 9.0 and officially enters estrus, there is then only one way— a complete mark!
An Omega who had officially entered estrus is unable to use any other means to prevent it, they can only follow their physiological instincts. Their desire to be embraced and marked from their physiological instincts is even stronger than the most powerful aphrodisiac in the world.
In the same way, an Omega’s estrus will stir Alphas and make an Alpha’s physiological instinct to possess the other come into being too.
He liked allowing him to lean into his embrace at the moment, exuding the purest and sweetest pheromone scent on his body. It threads around his heart, like falling into a sugar-coated trap… Fortunately, Caesar had previously taken an Omega Pheromone Resistance training course and he can still maintain a sense of reason under these conditions. Had it been another Alpha, perhaps they would have long since come over and…
Caesar resolutely drove his nails into the palm of his hand, making himself preserve his rationality and asked as calmly as possible: “Xiao Yuan, can you hear me? How did this happen? Didn’t you go with Snow today to inject inhibitors?”
Lin Yuan: “I… I… hnn… “
As soon as the words came out, a strong sense of emptiness suddenly rose from within the depths of his body. Lin Yuan couldn’t stop himself from opening his mouth to let hurried and brief gasps of air out.
It was as if there was a fire burning in his body, nearly all of his internal organs along with his rationale were burned to ashes…
Lin Yuan firmly bit down of his lips and the strong stinging sensation of his teeth digging into his flesh retrieved a trace of his reason. Lin Yuan opened his eyes and grabbed Caesar’s hand tightly, saying in broken gasps: “Caesar, quick, give me my communicator. I want to ask Uncle what’s going on…”
As a matter of fact, at this moment, Lin Yuan was even more shocked and confused than Caesar was, because at noon today, Ling Feng had undoubtedly checked his body and injected him with his newly developed inhibitor for him— how could he suddenly go into estrus? Could the inhibitor have failed?
Seeing Lin Yuan’s unsightly complexion, Caesar hurriedly brought his communicator over and dialed Ling Feng’s communicator.
During the spacecraft’s voyage through the cosmos, the communication signal will be transmitted through space stations of multiple galaxies, there would consequently be a delay. After around more than half a minute passed, a virtual 3D image slowly shows up on the screen in front of them.
Ling Feng appeared to have just finished taking a bath and was about to go to bed. He was seated on the bedside in a set of white pajamas, catching sight of Caesar, he asked puzzledly: “Caesar, you’re looking for me so late in the evening, what’s going on?”
Caesar hurriedly said: “There is something a bit off with Xiao Yuan’s physical condition, it seems like he has suddenly gone into estrus… Didn’t he go to you to inject an inhibitor today?”
Ling Feng said in surprise: “Going into estrus? How is that possible?”
Ling Feng paused, it seemed like something had come to mind, he lifted his head anxiously and said: “Caesar, please ask Xiao Yuan real quick, did he at any point take the pills Dr. Fornt had sent over?!”
Although Lin Yuan’s body was very unwell, his mind was still clear and hearing Ling Feng’s words, he quickly replied: “I only took one. The pheromones inside my body didn’t seem too right. I just took one piece to suppress it for the time being…”
Ling Feng stared blankly ahead, his complexion ugly: “Xiao Yuan, did I not clearly tell you beforehand to avoid taking those pills again? The inhibitor I injected you with was manufactured in accordance with a new formula. This effectiveness of those two medicines may disturb one another…”
Ling Feng did indeed tell Lin Yuan beforehand that the kind of medicine given to him by Fornt would only work when consistently taken during his youth into his adult years, being able to completely change him into a Beta by the time he was 18. But after Lin Yuan stopped taking his medicine and was marked by Caesar in Cepheus, his Omega glands have already been fully activated, that medicine wouldn’t have too great of an impact on him.
Although that medicine was capable of temporarily suppressing the fluctuation of his pheromones, a conflict, however, arose with the effect of Ling Feng’s newly developed inhibitor injection. As a result, leading to the tediously established balance of pheromones in his body to suddenly collapse and the effect of the inhibitor also fell apart all-around
Lin Yuan didn’t expect this at all and hearing what his uncle was saying, he couldn’t help but widen his eyes in shock—
It was actually because of the inhibitor pills he took last night?
Many times before, when his body wasn’t in condition, Lin Yuan would take the inhibitor pills made by Dr. Fornt to suppress it. Taking into account the urgency of the situation last night, he didn’t give it so much as a second thought. He thought that the pills and injection were both inhibitors, the composition was about the same. Only the effect of one was strong and the other weak…
He never would have thought that these two inhibitors would affect each other.
Lin Yuan suddenly had the feeling that rock was lifted up and smashed down on his foot. His complexion flashed between red and white and he lamented until his intestines went green, but he didn’t know anything good to say.
Ling Feng said worriedly: “Xiao Yuan, after debarking the spacecraft tomorrow morning at Lyra, I will space jump over there ahead of time to help the two of you out!”
Lin Yuan: “…”
Lin Yuan tightly bit down on his lower lip and said nothing, he feared that as soon as he opened his mouth, he would uncontrollably let out moans.
His endurance has obviously reached their limits. The beasts that have been repressed deep within his body for many years seemed to have finally found their chance. They violently struggle free from layers upon layers of their confines and cages, their frantic roars rising in his body… A strong sense of emptiness fled along his peripheral nerves to spread throughout his entire body, the desire to be embraced by someone, like a tree bud breaking through the ground, rapidly flourished and spread in the bottom of his heart.
Ling Feng is still anxiously inquiring: “Xiao Yuan? How is your situation right now? Don’t worry, first have Suzaku give you an inhibitor injection, I will get going to meet up with you at Lyra immediately!”
The inhibitor Ling Feng this time could pass through the interstellar gateway inspection. When Lin Yuan had set off, Ling Feng gave him some injections in Suzaku’s reserve storage to bring along with him should there ever be a time he needed it.
“…” Lin Yuan tightly clutched at the bedsheets, the pins and needles and the itchiness throughout his body made him feel extremely uncomfortable, unable to say a single word.
Caesar glanced at the youth with his face thoroughly flushed a deep red and turned his head back around, saying in a low voice towards Ling Feng: “…it’s too late.”
Ling Feng froze, and a faint sense of a foreboding premonition suddenly bubbled up in his heart. “It’s too late? Don’t tell me…”
Caesar nodded with his facial expression weighted heavily down, “I just asked White Feather to test the pheromone amount in his body, it has already exceeded 9.0.”Ling Feng: “……… “
Once the numerical pheromone value in their blood exceeds 9.0, they will go into estrus immediately. And in the case an Omega enters estrus, there is no medication that could do anything to contain it. They can only comply with their body’s instinctual desires, longing to be embraced by someone, be possessed by someone, be marked by someone— and when these desires cannot be met, they will frantically hurt themselves like rabid beasts.
—This is an Omega’s nature, a nature no one can avoid.
Lin Yuan has already accidentally entered his estrus, which also means that an inhibitor wouldn’t be of any use to him, he must find an Alpha to mark him and this time his estrus will continue for at least three days and three nights.
Looking at Lin Yuan’s body curled up through the projection screen, Ling Feng couldn’t help but feel a bit worried—
Xiao Yuan had just turned eighteen years old and has always been so cheerful and lively, but as if the Heavens were playing with him, an accidental medicine withdrawal destroyed his hopes of becoming a Beta. This time, he suddenly entered his estrus and to top it all off, it had to be on a spacecraft.
Ling Feng simply couldn’t bring himself to say such words as “let an Alpha mark you”.
Caesar was silent for a moment, then said in a hushed tone: “You can rest assured that with me here… I will take good care of him.”
Ling Feng looked distracted for a bit, coming into contact with Caesar’s resolute gaze, and after a good while later, he then sighed and said quietly: “Please, if you would.”
Caesar nodded earnestly before then turning off the communicator.
***
After cutting off the communication, he turned his head around to look towards the person in his arms. Lin Yuan had long ago endured it to his limits. A great amount of sweat made his shirt tightly stick to his body, outlining the thin and supple curve of his lean waist.
Caesar swallowed a mouthful of saliva and reached for the collar of Lin Yuan’s shirt, undoing the buttons one by one.
Lin Yuan came to and opened his eyes only to find that he was being held in his arms by Caesar and half-pressed down on the bed. Caesar was tightly drawing him to himself with one hand wrapped around his waist while the other hand was opening his shirt buttons…
Four buttons have already been undone, revealing a wide expanse of his fair chest.
Lin Yuan quickly grabbed Caesar’s hand and said in-between pants: “Caesar… don’t… don’t do this…”
Caesar stopped in his movements, lightly gripping Lin Yuan’s severely trembling fingers, saying in a low voice: “Xiao Yuan, there is no way to use drugs to control this estrus, you must go through with a complete mark……”
Lin Yuan stared blankly ahead and looked at Caesar, saying: “There’s no other way?”
The youth’s clear, jet-black eyes were full of expectations, seemingly expecting Caesar to announce another way.
However, Caesar nevertheless leaned down and softly kissed his forehead, saying in a soft voice: “Marking is the only option… Let me handle it, okay?”
“…” Lin Yuan pursed his brows at a loss.
He really did hear that Omega’s estrus cannot be stopped and can only be marked. But how does one go about the process of being completely marked? Lin Yuan has absolutely no experience in this field.
Moreover, as soon as he thought of using the place behind him to take in Caesar, Lin Yuan felt the fine hairs covering his body stand up.
Caesar’s hand still tightly clung to Lin Yuan’s waist, his deep eyes stared at him earnestly as well as persistently, saying word by word: “Xiao Yuan, I love you… let me mark you, can’t you?”
Lin Yuan: “…”
Caesar’s deep and low voice was like a magical spell. When he heard him say “I love you”, he even felt a slight numb feeling in his heart.
The strong and pure smell of the Alpha pheromones wraps around his whole body, the comfortably warm feeling practically made Lin Yuan feel dizzy, and the strong desires in the depths of his body made Lin Yuan fully incapable of speaking out the word “no”.
Lin Yuan was silent for a moment and said with a bit of embarrassment: “But I don’t know how to go about doing a complete mark… Do you?”
Caesar naturally does.
Although Lin Yuan is physically an Omega, he has always had the mind of a Beta. Concerning the matter of a complete mark, he was disinclined to delve deeply into understanding it because he never would have thought that he would actually come a day where he would be completely marked.
But as a prince in a physiology class at 16-years-old, Caesar had a specialized teacher who explained to him the detailed step-by-step procedure for complete marks. He also knew how to preserve his physical strength while simultaneously properly taking care of his Omega during the three whole days of estrus.
Although Caesar doesn’t have any experience either, for his first time with Xiao Yuan, he will try his best to satisfy Xiao Yuan.
Caesar gave a small smile and moved in closer to place a kiss on the lips Lin Yuan had bitten bloody. He carefully licked the bloodstains off of his lips, only after did he say in a low voice: “Don’t be worried, I will handle it.”
Speaking simple words seemed to really have a soothing force, Lin Yuan ultimately threw caution to the wind and nodded.
Looking at his brave facial expression as if he were heroically offering up his life for a righteous cause, Caesar couldn’t help laughing and softly spoke into his ear: “Relax, I will make you feel good.”
White Feather, who was in the middle of purifying the air, immediately said excitedly hearing these words: “Master, Master, are you really going to mark him?”
“…” This mech really spouts a lot of rubbish, Caesar frowned, saying: “Go and keep watch at the door for me, don’t let anyone in!”
“…oh!” White Feather wasted no time in happily flying to guard the door, it locked in the cabin door directly from the inside, all of the openings were carefully sealed, and even the air purification system was thoughtfully initiated to filter the scent of pheromones in the room at all times.
Although White Feather is usually a chatter-box, at this moment, however, it knows that shutting its mouth is the best choice, if not, Master will definitely disassemble it.
As a highly intelligent S-Class mech, White Feather decided to perform its duties displaying its undying loyalty and be a good door guard for its Master… However, being able to easily witness the process of its Master marking Lin Yuan doesn’t seem too bad either, ha? Just think of it as the welfare of a mech gatekeeper?
But really, Predecessor Suzaku didn’t want to watch at all and actually shut straight off?
***
“Mnn…”
Hearing a stifled moan from Lin Yuan sound in his ear, Caesar picked up Lin Yuan in a horizontal carry and turned towards the bathroom. He brought Lin Yuan to the bathroom and let out warmed water into the tub, he then took his shirt and pants all the way off, and gently placed Lin Yuan into the bathtub.
Omegas are especially fond of cleanliness during estrus. Caesar wants to clean each other off a bit so Lin Yuan could be a bit more comfortable.
The inside of the spacecraft’s VIP cabin bathroom was fixed up as nicely as a hotel. Lin Yuan’s bare back came into contact with the ice-cold bathtub. A trace of a subtle numbness suddenly surfaced on his back. Before he could react, Caesar had soon afterward pushed him directly down.
Lying on his back in the bathtub, coming face-to-face with Caesar’s gaze, this position made Lin Yuan a little embarrassed, so he was forced to turn his head away to not look at him.
The water temperature in the bathtub was very cozy, Caesar also took off his clothes. The two met each other sincerely, and on top of that, the lights were still on so they could see each other clearly. Lin Yuan aimed his gaze at the lower half of Caesar, that place of an Alpha was so frightfully large that it made Lin Yuan’s scalp burst out in numbness.
Caesar’s fingers tenderly caressed Lin Yuan’s body and simply washed the two of them at the fastest speed.
Lin Yuan’s body is very sensitive and his lower half has long since stood up tall. The comforting feeling of being gently caressed and stroked by an Alpha almost makes him want to immediately release.
Seeing the both enthusiastic and honest manner of Lin Yuan’s body, Caesar wanted to do it directly inside the bathroom, but he was also worried that soaking for too long in the bathtub would cause his skin to dry out, thus he resisted his bodily urges and used a large bath towel to wrap Lin Yuan up in and turned around, carrying him back to the bed in his arms.
Lin Yuan was being carried by him, his heart was particularly at odds.
Previously, he interacted with Caesar as just friends. The two attended class and ate together, they got along especially well. In Lin Yuan’s mind, Caesar is his best friend, even one step closer than a friend.
But now, he was unexpectedly being held by Caesar in a princess-hold or rather, carrying him around in a bridal-carry position. Isn’t this too embarrassing?
Seeing Lin Yuan turning his head away not knowing what his thoughts were, his ears were actually flushed and very nice to look at. Caesar supposed that he was shy, and he soon bent down and kissed him without a trace of politeness, seizing the opportunity to overpower him on the bed.
“Mnn…… mmph…… Cae-Caesar …… hnn……”
This is undoubtedly a gentle kiss to the extreme, every inch of the nooks and crannies within his mouth were all attentively attended to by him. The sensitive walls inside his mouth were lightly licked over by his tongue, leading to shudders to erupt on his back.
The inside of the cabin was very quiet, the breathing of two of them grew distinctly rushed from this kiss.
Perceiving Caesar’s finger probing towards the shy entrance behind him, Lin Yuan’s scalp went all numb, and he instinctively lifted his legs to kick Caesar— ordinarily, when he pits himself against him, he can at least get a draw, but at this moment, Lin Yuan’s body was limp and powerless, the emptiness in his body made his knees go soft. He wanted to kick Caesar’s foot in half, but he had no strength. Instead, Caesar took the advantage to catch it.
The little monster’s resistant actions of punching and kicking from his bashfulness looked especially cute in Caesar’s eyes.
Caesar couldn’t help but give a slight smile, grabbing Lin Yuan’s ankle in passing, he parted his legs, and bent down to stare into his eyes, saying: “What is it? Didn’t you agree to let me handle it?”
Lin Yuan’s face went red, saying: “…it feels really embarrassing…”
Caesar suggested: “Then close your eyes.”
Lin Yuan was silent for a while and had no other choice but to close his eyes, turning his head away.
Caesar grabbed Lin Yuan’s ankle, leaned over, and planted a kiss on his fair instep.
The kiss followed all the way down to his toes. Lin Yuan’s feet had very white skin and his toenails were trimmed particularly smoothly. Because of washing in the bath a moment ago, his slender calves had not been wiped dry and still held the vestiges of water on it. His toes looked fair, making people unable to help but want to take a bite…
Caesar smiled, opened his mouth, placed Lin Yuan’s toes in his mouth, and lightly sucked.
“Ahh… Cae, Caesar …”
Lin Yuan’s eyes abruptly widened, his breathing suddenly thrown into disorder.
—Caesar is actually kissing his toes? Such a terrible scene made Lin Yuan’s simple-minded brain completely unable to calmly accept it!
In fact, the toes are a sensitive area for many Omegas. Sucking the receiving party’s toes during sex makes the other person feel particularly nice… This knowledge was learned by Caesar in a Physiology class he had attended at sixteen years old. At this time, its only natural that the good student, Caesar, should apply what he has learned.
Lin Yuan was unexpectedly so sensitive that his whole body trembled from his toes being sucked a bit, his toes immediately flushed red and curled in on themselves. The part of his that had already been standing up had even begun to secrete a transparent substance from the tip.
Caesar grabbed Lin Yuan’s ankle and separated his legs far apart. His tongue licked all the way up from his instep until he kissed the center of his desire. Caesar smiled and bluntly opened his mouth, taking in that place with his mouth.
NSFW
Chapter 093: Spacecraft
Despite Lin Yuan being 18-years-old at the age of his prime, he had never held too much of a strong interest in the sexual regard. The 3D animated films that boys of this age are fond of watching have never caught a second glance from him and his experience is even more non-existent. In his mind, he would put looking for a girlfriend into consideration only after everything stabilizes in the future. At that time, it wouldn’t be too late for him to start looking then. Unexpectedly, he still hadn’t found a girlfriend but was instead marked by Caesar.
Last time when he was training in the wilderness, he and Caesar used each other's hands to finish inside the tent. For Lin Yuan, that was already the limit that he was capable of accepting. He never would have thought that Caesar would go a step further this time, going so far as to use his mouth…
The moment he took him into his mouth, Lin Yuan was immediately shocked beyond belief and he lowered his head in utter disbelief. He was met with the sight of Caesar’s head buried between his legs and his mouth had taken in that sensitive place, standing up half-erect.
The boy knelt between his legs and was leaning over, taking in his length. This scene made Lin Yuan’s face suddenly go red and he hurriedly reached out his hand and grabbed Caesar’s shoulder, brokenly panting out, “Caesar, Don’t… don’t do it like that, such a… a…”
How can such a place be put in one's mouth? Isn’t it filthy?
Lin Yuan's face flushed, but couldn’t bring himself to say those kinds of words.
Caesar paid no mind to the issue of what was filthy and what wasn't. In his vision, Xiao Yuan, who had just taken a bath, was brimming with a fatal attraction throughout his whole body, making him want to touch him, kiss him, and leave his mark behind.
Caesar not only enveloped that lightly flushed place with his mouth, but also used his tongue to lick gentle stripes up and down.
That part was originally the most sensitive area on his whole body. It was the center of his desire. Subtle sensations can bring great stimulation to his body, not to mention that Caesar’s movements are incomparably gentle. The tongue gently licks and kisses up along the outline of his shaft, making that young and inexperienced part very quickly rise up again.
That sensitive area was enclosed in a warm mouth, Lin Yuan’s whole body immediately went lax. Following the motions of Caesar’s kissing and licking, a strong numbness ascended from his back and charged straight to his brain trailing up his spine.
His body was nearly hot enough to start melting, Lin Yuan’s mind was blank, and he initially wanted to push Caesar’s hand away, but he involuntarily inserted it gently into his scalp, even instinctively pulling Caesar towards himself—
“Oh… Caesar…”
It felt so good, good enough to make Lin Yuan almost lose all reason.
Caesar noticed Lin Yuan’s stirred emotions and smiled, he deep-throated in conjunction with Lin Yuan’s movements.
“Ah… mnn… mnn…”
The intense pleasure was drowning him, Lin Yuan’s gasps for air grew more and more urgent, and the flow of heat inside his body frantically rushed down in the wake of Caesar’s sucking actions. That sensitive part of his was also swollen and stiff to the extreme, practically on the verge of bursting.
When Caesar saw that the occasion was almost up, he opened his mouth and harshly sucked—
Lin Yuan was unable to fight against it, his lower abdomen tensed, and he laid down his arms and surrendered immediately.
“Aaahh…"
The moans went from muffled to high-pitched, Lin Yuan's lower abdomen went into a fit of spasms. The warm substance all shot into Caesar's mouth. Lin Yuan only felt that his soul was being sucked out of his body by Caesar, his whole being softened in a complete loss of strength. He couldn't help but slightly tighten the grip of his fingers threaded through Caesar's hair.
Such a strong feeling of pleasure was several times stronger than the previous time when it was solved with their hands. At the moment he reached his climax in Caesar's mouth, Lin Yuan was even so at peace that he had the illusion that his life would soon reach an end…
***
Caesar swallowed down all the essence that had come from Lin Yuan, looked up at Lin Yuan, stretched out his hand, and lightly stroked Lin Yuan's sweat-laden hair as if in comfort.
Lin Yuan opened his mouth wide and violently gasped for breath.
The fresh air entered his lungs, allowing his mind to gradually regain its clarity. However, the scent of the Alpha pheromones on Caesar's body that was subsequently inhaled into his lungs was like the strongest aphrodisiac, making the feeling of emptiness within grow all the more.
A strange numbness and weakness gradually crawled up his spine, and soon arrived at his brain, rousing the cells throughout his whole body, the desire to be embraced pervaded into every pore like a deadly poison.
The previous climax made his whole body go soft, lacking any strength, but the desire in the depths of his body, however, continued to rise without end. Lin Yuan could only shift and twist around in bed in discomfort.
Right at this moment, a warm liquid suddenly trickled out from the unmentionable area behind him, and his inner thighs suddenly became wet… Lin Yuan realized what it was and immediately went red in the face, he, horrified, had no clue what to say.
When an Omega is in estrus, the inner walls of their rear entrance will actively secrete a lubricating substance, so as to be readily prepared to accept an Alpha. The smooth and moist substance between his legs obviously shows that his body is fully prepared, even hungrily looking forward to the other party's invasion.
His legs had been spread far apart, the area of wetness behind him, such a state of affairs has dealt a great blow to Lin Yuan’s spirit!
He never thought that there would be a day where he would lie down on the bed with his whole body limp and pained like this, spreading open his legs to take in a man… his strong sense of self-respect made Lin Yuan completely unable to accept this fact.
However, his body runs counter to his will.
Even though his heart is not willing, his body nevertheless completely disobeys the decrees of his brain, the ferocious beasts that cannot be appeased discontentedly rampage in his body, and the active pheromones flow all over through his blood to spread into his limbs, making that frantic desire instantly attain its peak.
“Mnn…”
Lin Yuan opened his mouth and gasped for air, his fingers gripping the bed sheets forcibly tightened.
Lin Yuan had just opened his legs, Caesar was squeezed between his two legs, seeing everything clearly…
This kind of position appeared especially embarrassing.
Looking on as Caesar’s hand stretched forward towards the lower entrance below, Lin Yuan's complexion immediately moved his line of sight away with a stiff complexion, pretending that he didn’t mind, but his slightly trembling eyelashes nevertheless exposed his strong uneasiness—
It wasn't until this moment that Lin Yuan realized how difficult it was for an Omega in estrus.
The feeling of being unable to control his own body is really terrible!
He obviously doesn't want to do it like this but because of the influence of pheromones, he doesn't have a choice but to bear this humiliation!
He obviously doesn't want to be an Omega, but because of the arrival of his estrus, he had no choice but to be marked by someone!
Lin Yuan tightly clutched the sheets, he shifted his head to the side and no longer resisted— no matter what, an Omega will not have the strength to resist during their estrus. Since he agreed to let Caesar mark him, there is no point in resisting now.
However, his heart still feels a bit pained.
With such a shameful and humiliating position, spreading his legs open in front of Caesar wasn't something that Lin Yuan would ever do, it was as if he was losing the very last shred of his dignity.
***
Feeling a finger being inserted behind him, Lin Yuan’s body tensed, he bluntly closed his eyes and stopped focusing on it— this is just a bad dream, when I wake up, it'll all be over with.
Caesar was quick to perceive that Lin Yuan’s mood was downcast and his body was rigid. He looked up and caught sight of his eyelashes trembling. He couldn’t help but feel a little distressed— the usual brave and optimistic little monster always had the confidence to fear nothing on Heaven or Earth, but now, due to the arrival of estrus, his entire body powerlessly lays down on the bed at the mercy of others to be taken advantage of, his heart his surely quite aggrieved?
When Caesar thought of this, he then temporarily halted his action of stretching his backside, drew his hand out, leaned down and gently kissed Lin Yuan’s forehead, whispering: “Xiao Yuan, don’t feel upset… remember that I love you, I’m not doing this to disrespect you. You are the person I want to cherish the most. I’m very glad that I can stay by your side while you need to be looked after… these three days, let me help you get through them, okay?”
Lin Yuan froze, in fact, Caesar had no need to explain. An Omega has to be marked by an Alpha while in estrus, otherwise, they wouldn’t survive the estrus. Lin Yuan had already agreed not a moment before to let him mark him, even if he had disregarded his reactions and directly threw himself over and marked him, Lin Yuan couldn't blame him.
However, Caesar’s respect and tenderness gradually dispelled Lin Yuan’s originally pained mood like smoke in thin air.
—This Alpha is different. He loves himself so dearly. Even at this moment, he did not forget to observe his reactions. Even though he was going all out to restrain himself from the influence of the pheromones, he still perceived his downcast mood, and immediately stopped his movements, and consoled him in a gentle and soft tone.
—Caesar’s thoughtfulness and tenderness, like the sunlight during a winter day, shone down, warming the bottom of his heart.
—Allowing such an Alpha mark himself, what else is there to be dissatisfied about?
Lin Yuan ultimately relaxed his body, opened his eyes, and met Caesar’s deep gaze head-on.
At that moment, Lin Yuan suddenly felt that the Caesar in front of him looked particularly handsome. His refined features were like a carefully sculpted artwork under the rendering of the light. A thin layer of sweat covered his strong and alluring muscles, making him appear especially titillating—
The special allure of the man stuck in between a young inexperienced youth and a fully mature adult makes Lin Yuan’s heart suddenly throb fiercely.
The pounding of his heartbeats made the heat rise up in Lin Yuan’s body heat once more, most of all at the place where his bare skin stuck to Caesar, it burned even hotter than fire.
This is my first time, it should also be Caesar's first time then?
After passing this estrus, the two of them will be considered true adults…
So, this first estrus is regarded as a ritual to turn them from boys to real men?
Thinking of this, Lin Yuan’s heart beat even faster and coming in contact with Caesar’s gaze, he completely lost the feeling of grief and disgust from a moment ago but rather looked forward to it a bit instead.
When Caesar saw the little monster’s eyes suddenly seemed to gleam and glisten as if he were thinking up of a mischievous idea, he couldn’t help smiling, he couldn't help lightly pinching Lin Yuan’s face gently, saying in a low voice, “What are you thinking about? Are you willing to accept me?”
Lin Yuan gave it a thought, “It feels really embarrassing to be pressed down on the bed by you… umm, for our first time, can I be on top?”
Lin Yuan looked at Caesar expectantly.
Caesar blanked out for a second, he couldn’t help but slightly perk up the corner of his lips— it turned out that this little guy was just thinking up of this idea. Classmate Lin Yuan actually liked the cowgirl position, which simultaneously surprised Caesar and humored him a bit.
Do you think I will let you off easy on top?
However, Lin Yuan rarely put forward any requests, Caesar was naturally more than happy to meet his needs. He very simply wrapped his arms around him and turned over to lie down flat on the bed. After that, he had Lin Yuan sit on his body and said with a smile: “Like this?”
“…en. “Lin Yuan nodded with a reddened face.
Being pressed down on the bed with his legs spread apart, Lin Yuan felt that he was in a completely vulnerable position as if he were fish on a cutting board for anyone to mess with. But now, Lin Yuan is actively sitting astride on Caesar’s body…
Watching Caesar being pressed under him, he feels much better as expected.
This sort of cowgirl position can also slightly retrieve the shameful feeling of "his powerless body being overpowered by Caesar".
Lin Yuan’s mood slowly took a turn for the better. Although he was still red in the face, there was a trace of radiance in his jet-black eyes.
Caesar kept himself from smiling and said: “So, you like this position… Can I continue?”
“…en.” Lin Yuan adjusted his placement a bit and nodded.
As soon as he lowered his head, he saw that the part where Caesar had long-since hardened and swollen to stand tall. The blue veins on that large part were raised, looking just like a fierce beast, seeming especially threatening and frightening. The two sacks at the base were also completely swollen…
Lin Yuan’s face warmed up and he immediately looked away, his gaze flying from left to right in order to divert his attention.
The VIP cabin is comprehensively equipped, just like their hotel room in the Capital Star.
Looking through the transparent porthole glass, you can see the magnificent landscape of the universe. The spacecraft is right in the middle of peacefully navigating the cosmic ship channel. The collection of stars outside the window twinkle like resplendently dazzling diamonds sprinkled throughout the dark canopy of the sky. Every so once in a while, a nebula flies over the spacecraft, and the widely extensive white nebulae are like the strands of pulled cotton wadding, and even the spectacular meteor showers around the galaxies can be clearly seen.
In this way, the two of them embrace skin-to-skin, seemingly so as to become one with the vast universe.
The number of fingers Caesar presses in increased to three. The uncomfortable sensation of his inner walls being stretched open left Lin Yuan, who was looking around left to right, to finally return to his senses. Feeling the fingers within his body probe and circle, the red coloring on Lin Yuan’s face spread to the tips of his ears in a flash.
The feeling of having someone use their fingers to grope around the inside of his body is very strange. What is even more embarrassing is that Lin Yuan’s body seems to be very fond of Caesar’s fingers. The soft walls behind him hungrily constrict the moment the fingers enter. Even his entrance continuously shrinks as it opens and closes as if it looks forward to being touched by someone.
Lin Yuan a bit awkwardly shifts his body, but just happened to run into the part of Caesar that had been painfully hard for a long time, and the two people’s sensitive parts directly collided. Caesar took in a breath and Lin Yuan immediately froze in embarrassment. The two looked face to face, and Lin Yuan immediately looked away.
Lin Yuan propped up his body with his two hands and wanted to shift back a bit, but Caesar suddenly stretched out his hand, softly patted Lin Yuan’s quite pronounced backside, and warned in a low voice: “Don’t squirm."
“…”
Lin Yuan, who was spanked, was startled to the point of being stupified, the light “pa” sound made Lin Yuan’s ears ring!
Caesar actually didn’t put much force behind it and it didn’t hurt at all. This way of spanking was contrarily more like a kind playfulness.
He didn't expect that the skin on Lin Yuan 's backside would be so sensitive. With just one pat, faint fingerprints were left behind on his fair skin. Caesar looked at the marks left by his fingers as if he had discovered a whole new world.
Lin Yuan angrily glared at Caesar and Caesar immediately rubbed his behind that had been struck red to curry favor, asking with a soft voice: “It doesn't hurt, right?”
It undoubtedly held no force, he was just spanking to warn him. Lin Yuan didn’t understand the appropriate course of conduct while sitting on his body and still squirmed about. Caesar was almost out of patience, but he didn’t want to go straight in and hurt him either, holding himself back is very exhausting.
The flesh of Lin Yuan’s hips are full, his skin is smooth, and it naturally feels amazing. Caesar put his hands there and lightly massaged it. After some time massaging, Lin Yuan ultimately blushed with his breaths coming out in harsh gasps as he said: “Enough, enough… Don’t… Don’t mess around! “
Caesar smiled and lifted his fingers off of his rear, but slid them down the middle to reach his rear entrance.
It was already wet at that place, the self-lubrication during estrus made his backside become very soft, and after the patient foreplay from a moment ago, he was already able to take in the next four fingers.
Caesar stretched his fingers inside and patiently stretched it out, he pulled his fingers out and held Lin Yuan’s waist with both hands, making the part of him that was painfully hard aligned with the slightly contracting entrance, whispering: ” Xiao Yuan, relax, I'll be going in.”
Lin Yuan: “………”
He didn’t say it would be alright, as soon as he spoke like that, Lin Yuan instead nervously stretched his body taut.
Worried that he would hurt him during his first time, Caesar tentatively pushed his waist slowly forward, thus Lin Yuan could distinctly feel the soft inner walls of his back entrance being slowly stretched open by that hard and scorching hot length.
Caesar only entered halfway before Lin Yuan stopped him with his brow beaded heavily with sweat: “No, no way… Caesar…!”
Even though the rear entrance had become soft during estrus, he, after all, had never been touched in that place before. Coupled with Lin Yuan’s nervous tightening of his body, Caesar got stuck in a very uncomfortable manner, and as he was worried Lin Yuan would be hurt, he didn't dare rashly press in any further.
It was both of their first times and they had little to no experience. They made it to the half-way point while at the same time, stiffly coming to a halt.
Lin Yuan opened his mouth and harshly panted, his fingers tightly gripping the bedsheets, nearly lifting the bedsheets completely up and gathered into a lump.
Caesar resisted the urge to ruthlessly enter him, and his breathing immediately grew heavy too. The scent of the two pheromones in the air blend with each other, and their bodies are growing hotter and hotter, especially where they are joined, it was almost hot enough to melt.
This method was not the way to go. Lin Yuan tensed that place in discomfort, and Caesar, who had entered halfway in, was also terribly uncomfortable. Caesar took in a deep breath, tightly grabbed Lin Yuan’s waist, and said in a low voice: “Xiao Yuan… Deep breaths, relax… “
Lin Yuan took in a deep breath according to Caesar’s instructions, trying to relax as much as possible, and right at this moment, Caesar’s waist suddenly rolled up—
“Ahhhh…”
The scalding hot and hard length had unexpectedly entered all the way to the base. In this way, the soft inner walls were suddenly stretched to the extreme and he even had the thought that his body was being torn into two halves!
Lin Yuan put his hand on Caesar’s chest, panting heavily, however, Caesar didn’t give him a chance to escape, he held his waist down and began to rapidly thrust.
“Ah… Cae-Caesar …slow … slow down… ah…”
Moan after moan was forced out of Lin Yuan
Caesar’s movements grew faster and faster. Lin Yuan’s body is very flexible, not to mention how exciting it is to hold his slender waist in his arms. It's also warm and in his body, being tightly wrapped around by his inner walls, Caesar felt like he was practically in heaven.
His erection was buried in his body, he had no desire to ever pull out. Every time he pushes in, he reaches the deepest depths, just as a fierce and domineering beast establishing a new territory, in no way giving the other side any leeway to shrink back.
“…Mnn …too, too deep… Cae-Caesar … quick, pull out… ah…”
Lin Yuan was nearly being thrust into the point of collapse!
Every time Caesar went in, he was especially forceful. On top of that, in this kind of position, he can't escape at all. Because of his body's center of gravity, he had no choice but to go down, but the action of sitting down makes it easier for Caesar to invade even deeper.
He wasn't sure which place was touched, a violent pleasure suddenly shot straight from his tailbone to his mind, Lin Yuan’s body suddenly shook, and his knees suddenly went soft, almost kneeling directly on the bed.
Fortunately, Caesar had quick reflexes and immediately supported his lower back, seeing Lin Yuan's moist eyes, his body continuing to lightly tremble, Caesar could not help but ask in a low voice: “Here…… does it feel good?”
Just as he spoke, he deliberately aimed a thrust at that place ruthlessly.
Lin Yuan: “………”
Caesar found the G-spot in Lin Yuan’s body, he then repeatedly brushed over where the prostate was located.
“Ah… ah…”
Lin Yuan soon couldn’t even string together a sentence, he could only open his mouth and take large gasps of air.
A series of tremors wrack his body and made his toes curl in excitement, being drowned in this both strange and intense pleasure, Lin Yuan never thought that someone entering his body could bring so much frightful pleasure!
—Does his body really like this?
—Is an Omega's estrus really more than suffering, but is also so intensely pleasurable that it nearly burns a person's reason to ash?
Lin Yuan’s eyes widened in disbelief but he was rammed into repeatedly moaning by Caesar's attack, a hint of moisture quickly rose in his eyes.
“Oh… mnn… Caesar… oh…”
Lin Yuan, who had gone red all over his body looked particularly captivating. His dark and clear eyes had long lost their focus, and Caesar just felt his heart was beating as a drum would. Looking at Lin Yuan sitting on his body, being rammed into by himself until his sight blurred, the strong bodily pleasure mixing together with the strong satisfaction of his mind suddenly filled his heart to the brim.
“Xiao Yuan, I love you…”
Accompanied by this sentence was a bout of mad thrusts so fierce that Lin Yuan was almost broken into pieces.
Lin Yuan's eyes shot wide open, he was already unable to maintain his breaths. He only felt that the lethal weapon in his body was vicious enough to stir up his insides. The pleasure from that sensitive place being brushed over, again and again, made the part of his that stood tall unable to help but release once more.
In the wake of Lin Yuan’s orgasm, his rear entrance suddenly began to contract, and Caesar also finally pushed all the way in and shot a load of essence into Lin Yuan’s body.
Lin Yuan’s knees completely lost their strength and his body fell down, lying directly face-down on Caesar’s body, dazedly burying his face in Caesar’s chest, taking in large mouthfuls of air.
Caesar gently captured Lin Yuan’s hand with his left hand, making an intimate movement by interlocking their fingers together, while the other hand slowly stroked along his smooth back, just as if petting a kitty lying on him.
The two took a breather for a good while and finally settled aftershocks of their climaxes.
Lin Yuan then came back to his senses and sat himself up with his fingers braced on the bedsheets. He realized that Caesar’s length was still buried in his body much to his surprise. Lin Yuan blushed red and moved his waist a bit in discomfort. “It's over, take it out now…”
With this movement, the length inside slowly swelled up again.
Lin Yuan was suddenly struck dumb and looked at Caesar in disbelief.
Caesar sat up with a smile, wrapping his arms around Lin Yuan’s waist, and said mercilessly up against Lin Yuan’s ear: “It’s not over yet, this is only the beginning.”
Lin Yuan: “………”
***
The consequence of the night’s disorder is that Lin Yuan was confused later on and did not know how he had fallen asleep.
When he opened his eyes again, he was lying on a clean bed covered with a quilt while Caesar was preparing food inside.
His body seemed to have been given a simple cleaning, the back being very relaxed. Lin Yuan walked to the bathroom to make himself presentable a bit. When he returned, Caesar had already prepared milk for him, as well as his favorite strawberry cake and some fresh five-star fruit.
Lin Yuan had exercised all night long and was really hungry, so he devoured all of the tables worth of delicious food.
Looking at the time, it was already nine o’clock the next morning, the spacecraft should reach Lyra soon.
Just then, a sudden knock sounded outside the door, and Caesar looked up and asked: “Who is it?”
A cold and faint voice echoed in his ear, “It's Snow. Is Lin Yuan up?”
Hearing Snow’s voice, Lin Yuan immediately stood up intending to walk up to the door. He hadn't foreseen that just as he took a step, his knees lost their strength and he nearly fell to the ground. Fortunately, Caesar had been keeping an eye on his movements, and immediately reached out to support him.
Caesar said towards the door: “Lin Yuan hasn’t woken up yet. He has a bit of a low fever. He just took some medicine and fell asleep.”
Snow asked with concern: “He has a fever? Is it serious?”
Lin Yuan hurriedly looked at Caesar, saying reproachfully: “Caesar, what are you lying for, Snow might need me for something…”
Caesar turned to look back at Lin Yuan, rubbing his hair helplessly, “Did you forget? You're still in estrus, do you really want to let Snow see yourself right now?”
Not to mention the hickeys covering his whole body, his mouth is also a bit swollen, it clearly looks like he had just been embraced by someone. By the off chance Snow catches sight of it, Caesar can't say for sure whether Snow would just directly take a blade and cut his corpse into pieces…
Lin Yuan froze, and said with some confusion: “Estrus? It didn't already pass last night?”
Last night he had seated himself on Caesar 's body, they had gone at it twice and Lin Yuan himself had also released twice. He fell asleep in bed with his whole body weak and aching. When he woke up this morning, he just felt well-stretched from head to toe and nowhere on his body felt off. Lin Yuan thought that his estrus had already passed, and he couldn’t help feeling relieved.
Caesar mercilessly shattered Lin Yuan 's beautiful fantasy, "Estrus lasts for at least three days, and last night was just the first round, that's all."
Lin Yuan: "………………"
This lousy estrus period actually has first and second rounds? This is too annoying!
Thinking of the scene of being repeatedly invaded by Caesar last night, Lin Yuan felt a numbness in his spine and his face involuntarily became red.
Lin Yuan was unwilling to accept this and asked: “It’s not over yet? But my body doesn’t feel weird now…”
Like his body was purposefully slapping him in the face, as soon as he finished speaking this sentence, a strange feeling of numbness slowly crawled up his spine to the top of the head, the familiar heat began to flow once more within his body and his legs were so limp and painful that he could barely stand.
Lin Yuan looked at Caesar with an unsightly complexion.
Caesar lightly stroked his hair in consolation and said to the door: “Snow, Xiao Yuan is sick. He just fell asleep after taking his medicine. When he wakes up, I will have him come to find you. Rest assured, I will take care of him.”
Even if Snow was a little unconvinced, Caesar didn’t want to open the door and he couldn’t just break through the door either, he could only nod and say: "All right then.”
After cheating Snow into walking away, Caesar looked at the trace of desire floating onto the blushing little monster, Lin Yuan, he moved in closer to his ear, saying in a soft voice: “It seems we are going to continue on… what position do you want to try this time?”
The clenched fist of the little monster was immediately hurled at Caesar's face.
NSFW
Chapter 094. Spacecraft
Snow had gone looking for Lin Yuan early in the morning and came out wanting to find Lin Yuan to have a chat. There was an additional ulterior motive and that was to avoid Brian. After all, being alone in a sealed-off cabin with Brian was making him a bit uneasy.
Yet, past all expectations, walking up to the cabin door where Lin Yuan was situated and knocked, he was served with a refusal of entry at the door.
Caesar said that Lin Yuan had a fever. Lin Yuan was usually in good health. It must be a common cold then?
Snow initially wanted to go in and take a look but found that the door of the cabin was actually locked from the inside. Since Caesar said that Lin Yuan was asleep, it wouldn't be good to disturb him, so he was forced to turn tail and return to his own cabin.
Brian had just eaten breakfast and was in the middle of looking at the design plans in his hand, he was looking quite serious. Seeing Snow come in, Brian hurriedly set aside the design plans in his hands and smiled, saying: “Snow, I was too hard-pressed on time when I made the mech for you back then and a lot of the particulars weren't properly grasped. There is just enough time in this vacation for me to remodel Night Snow after you arrive at your home.”
Snow said: “No need, Night Snow is fine as is.”
Brian took the design plans and handed them over to Snow, “This is a modification suggestion proposed by my Dad after reading it over. There shouldn't be a problem according to this reasoning. Night Snow, come out and let me take a look.”
The space button on Snow's necklace did not respond for a long time until Snow quietly said: “Night Snow, come out.”
Only then did Night Snow come out of the space button and say faintly: “Master, what’s the matter?”
Snow said: “Let Brian take a look, he said he can give you an upgrade.”
Night Snow said insipidly: “Understood, Master.”
Brian didn't know whether to laugh or cry- the mech made by his own two hands had utterly disregarded his existence and only listened to Snow. Sure enough, it really followed the mech standard of “loyalty to thy master”.
Brian began to carefully examine the components of Night Snow’s body against the design plans in his e-book.
A moment later, Brian suddenly asked: “Oh, that's right, what did you step out to do just now?”
Snow said: “I went to look for Xiao Yuan, Caesar said he was sick and had just finished taking his medicine and went to sleep.”
Brian oh'd and didn't say much more after that.
Based on his understanding of Caesar, Caesar is most definitely lying— that little monster is exuberantly strong and his energy levels even more so. Not to mention how healthy he is with how he bounces around, how could he just casually fall ill, take medicine, and fall asleep?
Is something “unspeakable” happening next door?
Brian was a little puzzled. However, since Caesar refused to open the door, he couldn't be bothered to care about those two big
light bulbs
. He rarely ever had the time to interact with Snow on his own. Brian naturally had to seize each second every chance he got.
(
TN
: third-wheel or unwanted third party spoiling a couple’s date.)
Right at this moment, the virtual screen inside the cabin was suddenly switched on. A tall woman said to everyone wearing a smile on her face: “Good morning, all passengers, I am the captain of this spaceship, Lilian. The time is now Cosmic Calendar Year 799, June 11, at 9:30 in the morning. Our spacecraft is just about to reach Lyra Galaxy…”
Brian immediately turned around, walked up to the safety chair, and sat down with proper posture, had Night Snow return to the space button, and said to Snow: “Quickly sit down on the safety chair, the spacecraft is gonna land soon.”
Snow hummed in agreement, turned around, sat down on the safety chair fixed up like a sofa, and fastened his seat belt.
***
In the cabin next door, after inquiring what position to use this time had been welcomed with Lin Yuan's fist, Caesar then decided to take the reins.
Lin Yuan seemed to be quite fond of being on top. They did the cowgirl position two times last night. Lin Yuan appeared pretty satisfied. Caesar satisfies this interest of his and proceeds with letting him be on top this time.
However, this time Caesar sat on the bedside, held his backside up with both hands and embraced Lin Yuan as he straddled him face to face.
After finishing last night, Caesar had only wrapped Lin Yuan with a large bath towel and let him fall asleep. At this moment, when the bath towel was pulled open, Lin Yuan was wearing nothing underneath, his fair skin and the mottled hickeys on his body were immediately exposed. In front of him, the captivatingly colored part in between his legs had been slightly raised from the arrival of the second round of estrus. That kind of young and inexperienced erotic appeal made Caesar’s throat go dry.
For Lin Yuan, this time was not as embarrassing and rigid as last night. After all, they've done it once before. His body has already taken in and familiarized itself with Caesar. Their pheromones blended with each other as if they were born to be together. Not only did he not move to reject Caesar, on the contrary, he really liked Caesar’s closeness and touch.
Lin Yuan parted his legs and sat on Caesar’s body fully naked. His back entrance that was stretched open all night long was very loose. Caesar wrapped his arms around Lin Yuan’s waist and aligned himself to the entryway and forcefully pushed in. His entrance accepted Caesar quite easily.
“Mnn…”
Lin Yuan hurriedly breathed in pants, the feeling of his body being filled made his toes curl in satisfaction.
Compared with the severe pain he went through for the first time last night, the pain this time was clearly reduced, while the pleasure is doubled. The throbbing sensation of that body part in the place he was being invaded could be clearly felt. Like the inside of his body was on fire, his whole body was burning hot, and an even deeper red of a blush spread on his face.
Caesar stayed still inside, Lin Yuan was truly extremely uncomfortable, so he had to grab his shoulders with his two hands and attempted to move himself.
“Oh… mmn… mnn…”
The faint pleasure of his backside being softly rubbed against, just like scratching an itch from the outside of a boot, makes his body unable to attain any satisfaction.
Caesar still stayed motionlessly in place and Lin Yuan was finally at the end of his patience. He swung at Caesar’s chest with a punch and brokenly panted out, “Do you still want to… do it?”
Caesar held his clenched fist and kissed him on his mouth. With a smile, he said: “I like the way you look when you take the initiative.”
Xiao Yuan’s growing passion was indeed very exciting.
Caesar rarely saw him take the initiative and he naturally did not want to miss this chance to make Lin Yuan take the initiative.
Lin Yuan did indeed also wish to take back the initiative, so there would be a feeling that “it’s him who is in possession of Caesar”.
However, an Omega’s physical strength drops particularly terribly during the estrus period. Just now by him taking the initiative to help Caesar move a few times, his waist has already become limp and powerless.
For an Omega's physical capabilities, Lin Yuan is already considered to be an extraordinarily powerful monster-level Omega. He did it all night long last night and can still be this energetic today. However, under the special case of estrus, while he really wanted to take the initiative in his heart, his strength wasn't enough.
He tried to raise his rear, but his waist was so limp and painful that he couldn’t put any force behind it at all.
Lin Yuan was forced to stop his movements and said in pants: “…come on.” Caesar then held Lin Yuan’s waist tightly pushed up to the hilt—
“Ahh…”
He unexpectedly intruded directly to that sensitive place in the depths of his body and the intense pleasure spread up from his tailbone, allowing his body that had been uncomfortable for the longest time to finally be satisfied. Lin Yuan harshly panted and stretched out his hands, tightly winding around Caesar’s neck, he reproached in a low voice: “A bit slower…”
Caesar smiled and said: “Don’t you like it?”
Just as he spoke he put even more effort into speeding up.
“Ah… ahaa…”
Lin Yuan's breath very soon grew hurried and fell to moans.
The position of straddling Caesar's body face to face with his legs parted made Lin Yuan feel very embarrassed and he dared not to meet Caesar's deep eyes head-on. He had no other choice but to turn his head over to stare out the porthole to view the cosmic scenery outside the window.
Caesar spoke with a bit of discontent: “What’s there to see…”
Then he reached out and pinched Lin Yuan’s chin, turned his face back, and moved in to kiss him gently.
This kind of face-to-face posture is particularly convenient for kissing.
Caesar’s kisses were always very warm. Lin Yuan was kissed very comfortably. He couldn’t help but reach out and hold Caesar’s neck in his arms. His fingers lightly caressed and stroked Caesar’s hair— this sort of encouraging touch made Caesar throw himself even deeper into the task at hand, the kiss also became more and more passionate and frantic.
“Mnn… mmm…”
The fragmented moans overflowing from his lips, the "papa" sound of his rear being slapped by his round sacks, and the ambiguous wet sound of that part entering and exiting his back entrance mixed together. The colors of spring inside of the entire cabin were boundless.
“Oh…”
Caesar possesses Lin Yuan with a force while fondling his body with his hands. Slender fingers slid along his smooth back to reach behind his body, he took advantage to feel-up his thigh, then again to stroke the front, holding Lin Yuan's semi-hard inexperienced desire.
Lin Yuan’s immediately let out a comfortable moan from behind his closed lips.
The two held each other and were unwilling to break off the connection of the kiss for a short while…
Just at this time, the virtual screen in the cabin suddenly lit up, and the clear and sonorous voice of a woman simultaneously entered their ears—
“Good morning, all passengers, I am the captain of this spaceship, Lilian. The time is now Cosmic Calendar Year 799, June 11, at 9:30 in the morning. Our spacecraft is just about to reach Lyra Galaxy, all passengers please situate yourself on a safety chair as soon as possible.”
“During the process of the spacecraft's descent, there will be an occurrence of a comparatively wide margin of vibrations due to the effect of turbulence. This is a normal phenomenon, please don’t worry everyone. If you feel unwell, the mask above the safety chair provides high-purity oxygen, you can wear the oxygen mask during descent…”
“This time, the spacecraft will stopover at the Glanvill Space Station in Lyra for approximately one hour and will take off at 10:30 as scheduled. All passengers are asked to abide by the order of the space station, do not disembark the spacecraft at will…”
As the female captain finished announcing this, Lin Yuan suddenly paused for a moment, he spoke with an embarrassed look: “Caesar, go to the safety chair…”
Although spacecrafts rarely ever have accidents, passengers must sit on the safety chairs during landing. Safety chairs are intelligent sensors. Should they not be seated, after it is found by the spacecraft intelligent control system, it will send a flight attendant to check-in…
Caesar is well acquainted with this rule. He immediately took Lin Yuan up into his arms and turned around to walk over to the safety chair.
Lin Yuan suddenly widened his eyes in shock, “Caesar… You, you stop it…”
Caesar’s hardness that is buried in Lin Yuan’s body has yet to be pulled out. As he got up and walked around, the scalding hot erection was violently stirred in Lin Yuan’s body. Lin Yuan immediately grasped Caesar’s shoulder firmly and screamed—
“Ahhh…"
Caesar bluntly sealed his lips in a kiss, took a seat on a safety chair, and using a seat belt, tightly strapped the two of them in together.
—It is just like the two were closely bound to a chair by a seat belt.
Lin Yuan wanted to break away in discomfort, but Caesar whispered in his ear: “Don’t squirm around, bear with me… the spaceship is about to land…”
As soon as Caesar’s voice fell, the spacecraft, sure enough, entered the Lyra Galaxy and began its descent towards Glanvill Space Station on the target planet.
During the landing of the spacecraft, it is necessary to break through layer upon layer of cosmic turbulence, and the spaceship’s hull would have violent tremors occur.
Caesar and Lin Yuan were still connected in that place. In wake of the severe vibrations of the cabin when landing, that hard object buried inside his body was thrust into unfathomable depths—
“Ah—”
Lin Yuan tightly clutched Caesar’s shoulder and began to struggle frantically.
However, the safety belt turned into a chain that bound the two of them, and Lin Yuan was unable to break out of it.
The cabin shook even more violently, and the object in his body had clearly swollen up a size from the strong stimulation, and even madly pressed into his body like a fierce beast.
Lin Yuan widened his eyes in horror and used both hands to forcefully push Caesar away, speaking in between broken pants: “Caesar… Quickly pull out… you ca-can’t do this… ahhhh…”
Lin Yuan’s throat was sore from calling out, there was even a trace of roughness in his voice.
The fierce vibration of the spacecraft is like an artificial boost, causing Lin Yuan’s body unceasingly sink down, but the part of Caesar’s body that was buried in his body rams into his sensitive inner-walls frantically in the wake of this vibration, like a wild animal that has gone insane and lost all reason.
“Ah… ahh… st-stop…”
Lin Yuan was being bottomed out to the point of collapse, and such fierce spacecraft vibrations made it almost impossible for the two to breathe. Their connected bodies took advantage of this vibrational force, as if to thoroughly shatter the other party, and then completely fuse into one.
After another violent vertical shock, Lin Yuan was shaken into seeing stars…
Suddenly, with a pop, Lin Yuan felt that some hidden part in the depths of his body seemed to be forcibly torn apart. After a faint pain, that hidden place being touched was strong enough to nearly make him lose all rational to the extreme pleasure.
There was already a hint of moisture floating in Lin Yuan's eyes. The strange feeling of being opened deep in his body made him feel terrified, he couldn’t help firmly grasping onto Caesar’s shoulder, and said uneasily: “Too deep, Caesar, pull out quickly…”
He moved to lift up his waist as he spoke, however, as if the spacecraft was especially out to get them, after less than three seconds of calm, it violently vibrates once more.
“Oh…”
Lin Yuan couldn’t escape, instead, he sat down heavily.
The hidden passageway deep in his body was broken into again by Caesar, and that feeling made his blood run cold!
Lin Yuan started frantically struggling. Unexpectedly, Caesar took a deep breath and forced himself to the very back of the passageway with the help of the vibration in the cabin. His originally extremely thick and hard part was swelling up at an inconceivable speed.
Lin Yuan: “………”
This strange experience made Lin Yuan very disturbed and he felt a bit uncomfortable and tried to escape, but Caesar held his waist down right then, and said in a low voice: “Xiao Yuan, your body is already open… don’t be afraid, accept me completely…”
Following Caesar’s words, the front part of the object that ran deep into his body grows bigger and bigger, and finally, a knot is formed, completely blocking his entrance.
Lin Yuan: “………”
Until now, Lin Yuan did not understand what it was.
Caesar formed a complete knot in his body, which meant that he had been completely marked. Only during estrus in the deepest part of his body would there be a chance to open that passageway. Because of the violent vibration this time when the spacecraft landed, Caesar accidentally entered it.
Lin Yuan leaned over and ruthlessly took a bite on Caesar’s shoulder.
Asshole…
Is there such a person like him? The spacecraft was about to land and he surprisingly didn't pull out. The two were still joined together there, he even went as far as to fasten the seat belt, so that the seat belt would instead be turned into a chain that bound them… This asshole was definitely doing it on purpose!
Lin Yuan thought of this and bit down even harder.
The reason why Lin Yuan is called a little monster is that his large strength is also one of his strong points. Although his physical strength was severely reduced during estrus, Caesar still pursed his eyebrows in pain that was caused by this hard bite.
However, compared to the great happiness of having a complete knot formed in Lin Yuan’s body, what does this bit of pain register as?
Nothing!
Even if Lin Yuan bit his whole body in anger, Caesar would feel ecstatic!
At this moment, the scenery outside the porthole suddenly began to fluctuate, from the vast landscape of the universe gradually turned into the blue sky and white clouds. Obviously, the spacecraft had reached Planet Glanvill.
Along with a piercing noise, the spacecraft finally landed safely at the space station.
However, the sudden violent shaking of reaching the ground made Caesar and Lin Yuan break into moans at the same time.
The knot buried in his body in the wake of the violent vibrations from being set to the ground this time took the opportunity to release its essence inside.
“Ahhh—”
The scalding hot liquid was all poured into the body and Lin Yuan called out from the heat.
The entrance of a large amount of fluid quickly caused his abdomen to swell up. The sensitive place under such heated stimulation unexpectedly produced a strange pleasure. Lin Yuan’s whole body trembled violently as if every pore all opened up in comfort.
Caesar also fiercely gasped for breath, forming a complete knotted ejaculation is the most pleasurable experience for an Alpha. The second when he released deep within his Omega's body, Caesar had even thought he'd died.
The pleasure was so intense that both of their minds went blank, they could only embrace each other and open their mouths wide to take in the fresh air with all their might.
The process of ejaculation was very long. Lin Yuan was stuck on his knot and couldn’t move at all, let alone that Caesar was still holding his waist with an iron grip. He could only feel the scalding hot liquid pouring into his body with unease.
The spacecraft stopped over at the space station for an hour.
Snow was worried about Xiao Yuan’s situation and took this time to walk to the cabin door again, softly rapped on the door, and asked in a low voice: “Caesar, Xiao Yuan, did he wake up?”
Lin Yuan: “…”
Lin Yuan was parting his legs at this time, sitting fully naked on Caesar, if Snow found this… Where would his face go?
The intense feeling of shame from hearing Snow's voice made him unable to help but tense up and involuntarily clamped down his two legs. Caesar was pressed in from either side and took a breath of cool air. He hurriedly placated him, wrapping his arms around his lower back, and said softly: “Do-don't squirm around… Xiao Yuan, the mark is not finished yet…”
Lin Yuan glanced at him in embarrassment, “Can’t you hurry up?”
Caesar: “…”
He also wanted to hurry up, ah, but of course the ejaculation process after forming a complete knot is very long, and it is not something he can just end as he pleases.
Snow knocked again, “Caesar?”
Caesar pretended to say calmly: “Xiao Yuan is feeling a bit sick, he may have caught a cold.” He then glanced at Lin Yuan and motioned to Lin Yuan to say a few words, otherwise, with Snow’s cautiousness, Lin Yuan not showing up for three days will certainly make him skeptical.
Lin Yuan took a deep breath and said hoarsely: “Snow, I… I have a cold, and my body is a bit unwell. I can take some medicine and rest. Just don’t come in, it could be transmitted to you…”
Snow said: “Having a fever isn't necessarily a cold, it may be another illness too. I had better come in and examine you.”
Lin Yuan's whole body suddenly went stiff, the fine hairs on his back stood on end, and the intense feeling of shame of his brother being just outside immediately made his face go a deep red. He indignantly gave Caesar a glare.
This look nevertheless seemed to matchlessly make Caesar's heart beat. His heart throbbed and the object buried in his body also pulsated right after, a scalding hot liquid was released once again.
Lin Yuan: “………”
Caesar panted lightly, then said calmly: “Snow, you don’t have to worry, I already asked White Feather to check him over carefully.”
The gatekeeper mech, White Feather, being called out by name immediately starting talking: “Yes, that is correct! Lin Yuan just has a common cold. He has been taking medicine. He'll be better with two days of rest. Don’t you worry about it, Snow!"
Snow was silent for a moment and then said: ” Well then, Xiao Yuan, if you feel ill, call me over again. “
Lin Yuan rushed to say: “I got it.”
Snow finally left, Lin Yuan and Caesar simultaneously looked at each other with relief.
Lin Yuan unresignatedly took another hard bite on Caesar’s shoulder, and scolded in a low voice: “Asshole…”
Caesar hugged him close with a smile.
He really is an asshole. He wanted to try the ship vibrations a bit, so he took the opportunity to pick up Xiao Yuan in his arms and walk up to the safety chair. He did not expect that this experience would be so memorable. His whole body went limp and numb from the pleasure, with just a taste it opened the doors of addiction.
It was unknown how long had passed before Caesar’s knot gradually deflated and the process of the complete mark was finally over. Only then did Caesar unfasten the seat belt and pulled out from Lin Yuan’s body. As he withdrew, a white liquid flowed out from behind him, dripped down onto Caesar’s thigh, and some even splattered on the safety chair…
Lin Yuan looked up at Caesar, and Caesar had also moved to look at him. Their two gazes were opposite to each other, and an awkwardness arose.
They had unexpectedly accomplished a complete mark in the cabin of the spacecraft. They were truly too brazen and excited. If by any chance the Omega pheromones leaked out, or the scene of the two of them making love was seen, the consequences would be unimaginable.
However, the situation is urgent and they could only play with the hand of cards they were dealt with.
In Caesar's original fantasy, his first time with Xiao Yuan should have been carried out on the soft king-size bed in the royal chamber of the Empire's Imperial Palace. At that time, Xiao Yuan should already be his prince consort and they would go through with the complete mark on their wedding night. Joining hands until they grew old and grey from then on.
However, he did not expect that Lin Yuan would unexpectedly enter estrus on the spacecraft, and he would actually thoroughly possess him in such a place.
……it is truly wronging my Xiao Yuan.
Caesar looked at the redness spreading over Lin Yuan’s face and couldn’t help but close in on him, kissing him gently.
The kiss was as gentle as gentle could be, he first lightly wetted his lips with a lick and then kissed his lips until they were completely moist. Only then did he probe into his mouth from in between the seam of his lips, swept across his neatly aligned teeth, and slid across the sensitive walls of his mouth. After leaving behind his own mark in his mouth, he then lightly wrapped around his tongue and aimlessly sucked.
“Mmm… mmph…”
Lin Yuan’s mouth was firmly sealed, and he could only make vague moans from his throat.Being kissed felt very nice, Lin Yuan thought somewhat intoxicated, he seemed to like Caesar’s kiss more and more.
He didn't know how long had passed before he felt that his mouth had nearly gone numb to the point where he lost his awareness. Lin Yuan beat Caesar’s shoulder with his fist as a signal for him to release him, Caesar then reluctantly pulled back from Lin Yuan’s mouth.
Their lips and teeth had been intertwined for a long time, a strand of a silver thread was stretched out following Caesar’s withdrawal, becoming an ambiguous silver string between their lips. Caesar stuck out his tongue and licked Lin Yuan’s lips gently, lapping up the liquid remaining at the corners of his lips, and then looked down at Lin Yuan.
Their gazes crossed, there seems to be an ambiguous sentiment gradually infiltrating the air, the smell of pheromones blend with each other, the suggestive portrait of their bodies fit snugly against each other and not knowing whether the intense thumping beats of a heart belonged to their own or the other party……
Everything at this moment as they look face to face, seems to come to a sudden pause.
One second was drawn out into a lengthy century. The two hugged each other, their limbs were tangled with one another, and they looked at each other’s own reflections in their eyes as if their hearts were closely stuck together.
This direct gaze persisted for a good while. When Lin Yuan finally looked away from embarrassment, Caesar reached out and touched Lin Yuan’s sweat-soaked hair, saying with a smile, “Xiao Yuan, from now on, I am yours.”
Lin Yuan: “…”
That’s right, Caesar is his. Caesar had formed a complete knot in his body, and they had completely marked each other. Starting right at this very moment, Caesar really did belong entirely to him from now on.
Then does he… belong entirely to Caesar too?
Lin Yuan turned his head back, directly facing Caesar’s eyes.
There seemed to be a power that drew people into falling from grace in those dark brown eyes. Lin Yuan’s heart trembled suddenly when he was met face-to-face with his smile.
This kind of feeling made Lin Yuan feel strange yet also happy.
There seems to be a person who slowly walked into his heart right at that time, breaking through all of his defenses, and occupied an important position in the bottom of his heart, smoothly and securely establishing his roots.
That person, who was right in front of him, had always been treated by Lin Yuan as a good friend—
Little Prince Caesar.
Slight NSFW, Plan B Pill
Chapter 095: Choosing
After Snow returned to the cabin, he unexpectedly received a communication request from his dad, Ling Feng. Ling Feng on the projection screen wore a mask he used while pretending to be Dr. Charley, and anxiously asked: “Snow, how is Xiao Yuan doing right now?”
Snow froze, and said with a bit of surprise: “Dad, you also know that Lin Yuan caught a cold?"
Ling Feng frowned: “He said he caught a cold?”
Snow nodded, “That's right, I just went to see him, he had just taken some medicine and was about to rest.”
Ling Feng went silent for a moment, then saying: “Has the spacecraft already landed? Can you come out for a bit right now? I’ll wait for you in VIP Lounge #8 at the Glanvill Space Station.”
Although Snow was puzzled in his mind, he didn’t ask anymore, seeing his dad’s tone was serious, he turned around and left.
Brian just happened to come out of the bathroom and saw Snow holding a ship ticket in preparation to go out. He rushed over to catch him at his heels and said: “Snow, you're going out?”
Snow nodded: “En, Dad called for me to meet up with him at the space station.”
Brian said in astonishment: “Your dad? Why did he suddenly arrive in Lyra?”
Snow frowned, “I'm not exactly sure either.”
Brian made haste to get his own ship ticket and said: “I’ll go with you.”
The two of them went together to the VIP Lounge #8 of the space station and caught sight of a man in casual white dress wear sitting there in wait of someone.
In the VIP hall, all passengers who have purchased VIP tickets are welcome. Unlike the other noisy and crowded lounges, the surroundings here are very quiet and cozy. Ling Feng was sitting on the sofa drinking water, his expression looking very anxious.
Snow stepped in front of him and said: “Dad? What’s wrong?”
Before they set off yesterday, Ling Feng had even prepared a rich table of food for Snow and Lin Yuan to put into practice. Unexpectedly, in the blink of an eye, he rushed over to Lyra through the night to Glanvill Space Station.
Snow sat beside him on the sofa and turned to look at him: “What happened after all? Why did you suddenly rush to Glanvill’s space station?”
Ling Feng looked at Snow and asked: “Are you sure Xiao Yuan’s situation isn’t serious?”
Snow thought for a while and said: “Hearing him speak, his voice sounded a bit hoarse, probably a cold. When I went to find him, the door was locked. Caesar said that White Feather had already carefully examined Xiao Yuan and confirmed that it was a common cold. “
Ling Feng: “…….. “
Caesar used Lin Yuan falling ill as an excuse. It was apparent that the two of them didn’t want to let Snow and Brian find out about it. Probably because the two of them are both young adults at a sensitive age, they found encountering estrus for the first time embarrassing to say out loud?
Ling Feng was silent for a while and took out a small medicine box from his bag and handed it over to Snow, “Xiao Yuan’s situation is a little unusual this time. You should pay lots and lots of attention to it on the spacecraft. Don't go to him for two days. If he still has a high fever after reaching Planet Oman, you need to give him these medicines and I will clearly detail the application and dosage of each medicine in writing.”
Snow looked at the small medicine box he was handed, there were three boxes of medicine in it. A box of antipyretics, a box of antibiotics, and a small box packaged in red that Snow had never seen before.
Such a move of delivering medicine from over thousands of miles actually frightened Snow, it was seeming rather like Lin Yuan’s condition was very serious.
Snow hurriedly covered the box and seriously asked: “Dad, what really happened to Xiao Yuan… is it not a cold?”
Brian also looked at Ling Feng with confusion, “Uncle, don’t worry too much. I feel that Lin Yuan's health is usually very good, and Caesar would naturally have him take some medicine and sleep. There mustn't be a serious illness. If it was serious, Caesar would have already called for a doctor.”
Ling Feng awkwardly touched his nose.
Of course, it 's not a cold, it 's Xiao Yuan 's first estrus…
Since Xiao Yuan doesn't want Snow to know, Ling Feng thought it wouldn't be good to openly tell Snow, he could only vaguely say: "Xiao Yuan has been continuously injecting inhibitors for all these years, his health is not very stable. I’m afraid he started a fever after getting an infection… If he still has a fever two days later, remember to give him the medicine.”
Snow said quickly: “I got it, Dad. “
Ling Feng stood up and said: “Okay, you guys go back, I also have to get going and get back to eta Ursae Majoris Starfield as soon as possible.”
Snow worriedly said: “Can you go by yourself?”
Ling Feng gave a small smile, patted his son’s shoulder, and said softly: “There's no need to worry, your father had Silver Snow take me over here. The navigation routes are all set up properly and with direct space jumps, I can arrive within a few hours.”
Brian rushed to say: “Uncle, have a safe journey.”
Ling Feng nodded at him and turned around to depart the space station in quick steps.
Brian looked at the retreating view of Ling Feng’s back and was somewhat amazed that Silver Snow actually came in physical form— of all the S-Class mechs, Silver Snow is the most mysterious one. It is the exclusive S-Class mech of the leading head of the Rose Legion, General Udir. Udir treasured it as if it was his baby. He didn't expect that Udir would actually let Silver Snow personally escort Ling Feng, clearly, the importance of Ling Feng in his heart goes without saying.
Udir 's mech is called Silver Snow and Snow had named his mech Night Snow. Both the father and the son 's mechs had snow in it, this evidently had something to do with the short-lived period of time that this family of three had lived on that snowing planet.
—Just what kind of planet is it after all?
—After three days pass, he will be able to go to Snow 's hometown. He'll go see the place where Snow grew up and then spend a few nights at his childhood home. Conveniently along the way chatting about his childhood years. This is obviously a great chance to further their relationship!
Snow saw that Brian was beaming all smiles as if he was cooking up a mischievous plan and couldn’t help but say: “What are you smiling about?”
Brian touched his nose and conscientiously said: “Nothing.”
“…” Snow no longer paid him any mind, turned around and said: “The spacecraft is going to take off soon, let’s go back.”
“Okay.” Brian quickly caught up to Snow’s footsteps.
***
In the next two days, Snow, due to concerns about Lin Yuan’s health situation, visited the cabin next door many times over but was stopped by Caesar's use of various excuses. Lin Yuan’s voice had gotten to be even more terribly hoarse and every time he spoke, he sounded like he was enduring some kind of pain… Apart from this, there wasn't actually anything unusual.
Although Snow’s mind was very doubtful, it wasn't easy to break right in either, so he could only bear it.
For Lin Yuan, the full three days of estrus on the spacecraft were enough to make it unforgettable throughout his whole life.
He and Caesar frantically went after each other like wild animals. The whole cabin was made into a state of disarray by them, the inside of the body was completely opened and marked by Caesar, his rear entrance was stretched to its limits and his body was filled with the essence Caesar emptied into him. The two people's pheromones completely blended with each other, just as if their souls had merged into one.
After doing it for three days and three nights, the bones throughout his whole body were almost about to fall apart, completely losing their strength.
In the end, Lin Yuan couldn't be bothered to say anything. He fell headfirst onto the bed, hugged the quilt, and with puffed breaths, fell right to sleep.
***
It was already the morning of the fourth day when he woke up again, the spacecraft was still navigating in the universe, and the inside of the room was lit with warm yellow lights.
Lin Yuan dazedly felt like he was being held in someone's embrace. That person’s arms were warm and particularly comfortable. Lin Yuan couldn’t help but lightly rub his head against his arms and tried to find a more comfortable position.
The movement of his Omega rubbing his head in his embrace made Caesar indescribably happy, he slightly tightened the hold of Xiao Yuan in his arms and whispered with a smile: “Are you awake?”
Hearing this familiar voice, Lin Yuan woke up at long last.
As soon as he opened his eyes to look, there was a well-built honey-colored chest with a good amount of teeth marks left by his bites. Lin Yuan came to realize that he was lying in Caesar’s arms. He immediately pushed Caesar away and flipped over to sit up. His gaze moved away from his face and he said awkwardly: “What time is it?”
Caesar smiled and said: “Eight in the morning, it will take three hours to reach the final stop, Planet Oman.”
Lin Yuan said “oh” and he got out of bed wrapped with a large bath towel and wanted to take a bath in the bathroom. He didn't expect that as soon as he stood up, a warm white liquid flowed down the inner side of his thigh. Lin Yuan immediately froze in place in embarrassment, not knowing what to do.
Caesar had originally wanted to help Lin Yuan clean up last night. However, three days of exercising had drained his stamina until not a drop was left. He physically couldn’t carry Lin Yuan to take a bath, so he could only put it off to hold Lin Yuan in his arms to sleep.
They slept smoothly and soundly all throughout the night, this was the time their physical strength recovered. Caesar’s long arms stretched out and directly swept Lin Yuan off his feet.
Lin Yuan blushed in embarrassment. Why was Caesar so fond of princess carrying? Doesn't he think carrying a grown man is awfully strange?
Lin Yuan grabbed Caesar’s shoulder from the off-kilter center of gravity and struggled, saying: “Put me down…”
Caesar lightly slapped Lin Yuan’s butt and softly said: “Don’t flail about, I’m carrying you to go take a bath.”
Lin Yuan: “………”
Lin Yuan, who was spanked by Caesar, again felt that the whole world was bad.
Lin Yuan was carried by Caesar into the bathroom. He undid his bathrobe, placing his fully bared body into the bathtub. Those dubious green and purple bruises on his body were especially vivid when soaked in warm water. His whole body was covered with Caesar’s love bites, Lin Yuan couldn’t help but blush and turn his head away.
Caesar also bluntly took off his clothes and squeezed into the bathtub with him, patiently washing him.
He had done countless intimate things with Caesar other these past three days, but at this moment, taking a couples’ bath
in the early morning still makes Lin Yuan a little embarrassed. Especially when Caesar’s long fingers reach behind him to clean up the inside of his body, Lin Yuan's embarrassed flush spreads to his neck.
The in and out motions of his fingers in his backside made Lin Yuan unable to help but recall the both terrible and stimulating ship vibrations two days prior. The numb feeling behind him served as a glaring reminder of the fact that he had been completely marked by Caesar…
The bath torture went on for a whole half hour. Lin Yuan was already embarrassed to the point of his entire body going red. Caesar then let him go. He gave Lin Yuan a clean set of clothes and even thoughtfully put the clothes on his own little monster himself, doing up the buttons.
—At that time, he had personally undone his buttons and now he personally rebuttoned them, Caesar suddenly felt self-accomplished.
***
Lin Yuan, who was in estrus, had abundant stamina and was full of energy, even his face shone in splendor. Sitting at the table with his mouth stuffed full of food, the starving little guy quickly cleared off the table of food.
White Feather very considerately purified the air inside the room and Caesar threw all the dirtied bed sheets into the washing machine in the bathroom to be cleaned. In just ten short minutes, all evidence of their joyous union was fully disposed of by Caesar.
Onlyafter properly tying up all loose ends did Caesar take a seat at the table. He lightly touched Lin Yuan’s hair and asked softly: “How is your body feeling? Do you feel sick?”
Some Omegas run a likelihood of catching a fever after their estrus period, especially Omegas who have injected inhibitors.
An accidental estrus brought about by the failure of an inhibitor is actually very taxing for an Omega’s body. Lin Yuan had taken inhibitors for years on end. This accidental estrus can be equated to forcibly breaking the balance from within the body and can very easily lead to the burden on their body to be overloaded, falling ill.
—This is also the reason why Ling Feng had hurried over to the space station.
Back then, Ling Yu had a high fever for a whole week after being marked by Rosen. He was afraid that Lin Yuan would also have a high fever. Although there were doctors onboard the spacecraft, Lin Yuan’s identity of an Omega could not be known by anyone, so Ling Feng hastily prepared the proper medicines and rushed over to Lyra from eta Ursae Majoris.
Caesar learned a lot of information pertaining to an Omega's estrus back in middle school, finding that some Omegas will have a high fever after the event, and he somewhat worriedly stretched out his hand rest on Lin Yuan’s forehead, and sure enough, it came out to be a bit feverish.
Caesar hurriedly said with distress in his voice: “You have a fever. Quickly go lie down for a bit. I’ll get you some medicine.”
Lin Yuan had just stuffed himself full and appeared very spirited. He smiled and said: “It's only a low fever, it's nothing.”
Even with a low fever, he couldn’t be taken lightly. Caesar forcibly dragged Lin Yuan to make him lie down and rest in bed, he went out of the door with the intent to buy medicine, but unexpectedly just as he had pushed the door open, he saw Snow and Brian walking out next door.
When Snow caught sight of Caesar, he rushed to ask: “Caesar, is Xiao Yuan awake?”
Caesar said: “He's up.”
Snow said: “I’m going to examine him.”
Snow immediately turned around into the cabin next door and easily shut the cabin door behind him.
In the hallway outside the door, Caesar and Brian looked at each other in consternation. After a short period of time passed, Brian then asked with a beaming smile: “Say, were the two of you keeping the door closed to do bad things? Otherwise, how could the little monster who usually bounces around so lively and in such great health suddenly catch a cold?”
Brian described Lin Yuan as if he was describing a monkey. Of course, compared to Lin Yuan's likening of Brian to a wild boar, Brian’s wording is already very tactful.
Caesar touched his nose and smiled, saying: “I’m going out to buy something. You can go ahead and chat with them.”
Caesar’s unfathomable attitude made Brian even more sure that Caesar had been doing bad things behind closed doors these past few days. Only, Brian thought that Caesar had just kissed and hugged some at most, he did not expect Caesar to rapidly evolve to the point of… a complete mark.
***
Caesar soon found the sales counter where the medicine was sold on the spacecraft and bought a case of antipyretics. After a moment of hesitation, he also said to the doctor: “By the way, doctor, may I ask as to whether you sell a… kind of medicine?”
The young man’s voice suddenly fell down to a whisper on the keywords, seeming very embarrassed.
The doctor said in confusion: “What medicine?”
Caesar directly wrote down the name of the medicine. The doctor looked at him in surprise, only to see that Caesar lowered his head down in embarrassment. The doctor then took out a box of medicine from the counter with a light chuckle and said meaningfully: “Here you go, it’s effective for three days afterward.”
Caesar quickly took the pillbox and stuffed it into his pocket, saying in a hushed tone: “Thank you.”
When he returned to the cabin, the three of them were chatting.
Snow sat on the bedside and looked at Lin Yuan with an anxiety-riddled face, “Dad came to the space station yesterday to find me and said your health condition was unusual and you may have a fever. How are you feeling now? Let me take your temperature.”
After he spoke, he called out Night Snow and asked it to measure Lin Yuan’s body temperature. The test result was 38 degrees, it was indeed a bit high. Snow hurriedly took Ling Feng’s medicine box out and found the box of antipyretic medicine to hand it over to Lin Yuan, “Quickly, come take two tablets.”
Lin Yuan nodded and washed the pill down with water.
Aiming his gaze at a red box in the medicine box, Lin Yuan inquisitively asked: “What kind of medicine is this? Uncle gave it to you too?”
Snow took out the pillbox and handed it to Lin Yuan, “That’s right, he said it might be of use to you, there are instructions inside.”
Lin Yuan didn’t think too much of it, so he put away the box.
Soon, the spacecraft landed on Planet Oman.
The final destination had been reached for this flight. The four got off the spacecraft together. Snow’s home was on Planet Oman. After bidding farewell to Lin Yuan and Caesar, Snow and Brian walked out of the space station together. Lin Yuan's home planet, Planet Rennes, is the most remote place in the entire galaxy. This type of large-scale inter-galaxy spaceship wouldn't travel there. They have to transfer onto a small-scale passenger spacecraft.
The two waited for about half an hour at the space station before then boarding a small spacecraft to speed over to the space station of Planet Rennes.
Fortunately, there is also a two-person cabin on this spacecraft. After Caesar and Lin Yuan settled down in the cabin, Lin Yuan sat on the bed and yawned. Caesar suddenly sat next to him and gently held his hand, saying: “Xiao Yuan, there is something… I need to talk to you about.”
Lin Yuan opened his eyes and looked up at Caesar in befuddlement: “What’s the matter, ah?”
Facing the dark and clear eyes of Lin Yuan, Caesar’s heart abruptly trembled— he didn’t even have the heart to say his next words, and he didn’t have the heart to burden Lin Yuan with this prematurely…
However, what's done has been done and they have to face the music.
Seeing Caesar suddenly fall silent, Lin Yuan became even more puzzled, “What’s going on with you?”
After a long silence, Caesar took a deep breath and turned to face Lin Yuan’s pure gaze, whispering: “I want to have a talk with you, in case this time results in a child… how do you plan on dealing with it?”
Lin Yuan froze at first, then immediately reacted with his eyes flying wide open in shock, his face written with disbelief all over it.
Child? Did he hear that right?
The word pregnancy flashed through his mind and Lin Yuan’s internal organs were suddenly twitched like he was struck by lightning, his mind went blank—
Would he be pregnant? This is too scary……
He never considered such a thing, even if he knew that he was an Omega, he never thought about giving birth to an Alpha's heir.
Even if he couldn’t find a girlfriend and he couldn't have offspring, he can’t get pregnant and have children himself. Having his body being used in such a way has already passed the limits of what Lin Yuan was capable of accepting. He was unable to imagine himself being pregnant, he was unable to imagine having a baby in his stomach…
Caesar has formed a complete knot in his body and completely marked him. The probability of an Omega becoming pregnant during estrus is extremely high.
Perhaps he was already carrying his…
An ice-cold cold feeling of dread gradually spread down along to the soles of his feet, the blood from Lin Yuan’s face suddenly drained.
He just turned eighteen years old, he still hasn't completed his schooling, he still has many things he wishes to do, a lot of dreams he wants to realize. He can't be like those other Omegas and turn into a tool for reproduction.
Lin Yuan tightly clenched his fist and forced his fingernails into the palm of his hand, his head was hung low but he didn’t know what to say.
Caesar looked at Lin Yuan’s pale complexion and his lowered head, his heart gripped even more firmly— he was well aware that Xiao Yuan didn’t want a child, Xiao Yuan himself was only 18 years old, still a first-year student. Should he give birth to a child now, he would have to drop out of school and live in the Imperial Palace as a prince consort, chaining himself to him from then on.
Now is obviously not the right time to have a child, this child would simply come out at the worst time.
However, it was the flesh and blood of Caesar, the combined flesh and blood of him and Xiao Yuan… That child may grow to resemble his little monster, with a pair of dark and clear eyes with black, ink-like hair, their round face would most certainly be especially cute.
…and yet how could he be willing to part with it?
Caesar’s mood at this moment is very conflicted. If Lin Yuan was an ordinary Omega, it would be heavily expected for an Omega to give birth at the age of eighteen. Caesar would have also liked to have his Omega conceive a child from the first estrus and give birth.
—But Lin Yuan isn't.
Lin Yuan has never regarded giving birth to offspring as the duty of an Omega. He has his own goals and he has his own dreams.
He is free.
Will not be tied down by anyone or anything.
Caesar looked at Lin Yuan’s pale face next to him, he finally let out a soft sigh, handed a box of red-packaged medicine box to Lin Yuan, and said in a low voice: “Xiao Yuan… if you're not willing… we won't have this child.”
Each word was like a knife in his heart.
Caesar even felt that he had killed the baby that had yet to be formed with his own two hands.
Lin Yuan heard Caesar’s painstakingly lowered voice in his ear and hesitated, a sudden inkling of surprise appeared on his face, “Can I? I really don’t want to have a child, I never thought about it before…” Lin Yuan had just recovered from his shock, these words were spoken disjointedly, “I-I still haven’t graduated yet, and I also promised my father that I would go to his Glory Legion after I graduated…”
Caesar gently hugged Lin Yuan, stroked his hair, and cut off his words with a soft tone: “There's no need to explain, I understand.”
I understand.
Those two words were enough to allow Lin Yuan to relinquish some of his worries and misgivings.
That's right, Caesar understands him.
Caesar respects his wishes. Caesar knew that he would take his point of view into consideration. Caesar would not forcibly tie him down because he was an Omega. Caesar has always stood by him doing the things he likes the most.
Caesar understood him, so Caesar was willing to take the brave step forward at this crucial time and take the initiative to make the difficult decision of “not having the child”.
It was not until this moment that Lin Yuan noticed that Caesar was so different.
This kind of meticulous thoughtfulness touched him into a loss of words, he could only hug Caesar back close, burying his head in his arms, and quietly say: “Thank you, Caesar…”
Caesar gave a small smile and gently reached out and rubbed Lin Yuan’s hair into a mess.
—Idiot, what are you saying thank you for?
—Because Caesar loves you.
—If you like flying in the sky and dearly love your Caesar, how could he ever bear to break your wings?
The author has something to say: This plot is very reasonable ^ _ ^
Papa Ling Yu and Xiao Yuan won't be pregnant at the same time, that’s too embarrassing…
I actually really agree with Caesar 's approach. When I wrote it, I felt that Lin Yuan, a little monster, was truly very blessed to have this lover.
Chapter 096: Coming Home
When he took the red pillbox from Caesar's hand, Lin Yuan suddenly felt that the packaging of this pillbox was very familiar, it seems like it is a little similar to the medicine Ling Feng gave him? Taking out the red case from inside the medicine chest and comparing it in suspicion, it really ended up being the same medicine.
Ling Feng also wrote a little note on the manual inside the medicine chest—
“Xiao Yuan, an Omega’s chance of getting pregnant during estrus will be very high. If you don’t want a child, taking this drug within three days after estrus can prevent pregnancy. You are too young now, carefully think it over before making a decision.”
Because for many Omegas, their estrus period comes suddenly and the contraception step cannot be done in time beforehand. The probability of pregnancy after being completely marked during estrus is very high. If you do not use contraception, then it would be unavoidable for an Omega to give birth to a child in one year’s time. Their body would assuredly be unable to manage it like that.
Experts at Imperial Central Hospital have specially developed these postcoital oral contraceptives, which can be used after estrus to prevent an Omega pregnancy. This drug is kept on hand in many Alpha homes in the Empire. In case their Omega's estrus comes at an unsuitable time, they can use this method to prevent Omega pregnancy when the two of them do not want a child.
Lin Yuan took a closer look at the instructions for use, took out a red pill from the box, put it in his mouth, and then swallowed it down with lukewarm water.
Only after taking the medicine did Lin Yuan raise his head to look at Caesar—
Although Caesar always wore a smile on his face and was even the one to propose the "not have this child" decision, Lin Yuan could tell that Caesar’s mood was obviously a little depressed.
Alphas that do not want children for the first estrus are exceedingly few and far in between, especially the royal family subculture that places a heavy emphasis on lineage inheritance. Practically every prince of the imperial household had produced an heir when they marked their Omega for the first time. The child that is born, no matter whether it is a prince or princess, is written into the royal family tree as the grand prince/princess and is then personally named by the king himself. There is even a celebratory banquet held at the Imperial Palace…
Yet, Caesar still voluntarily proposed: not have children the first time.
It must have been difficult for him to make this decision, right?
If he were any other Omega, perhaps long ago, he would have become Caesar’s prince consort with peace of mind and stayed in the Imperial Palace for him to bear and raise children.
But, that was impossible for Lin Yuan. He had never received an education of Omega-relevant knowledge before and he was even less mentally prepared to properly have children. He didn't want to put all of his plans to ruin because of an unexpected pregnancy.
This kind of postcoital contraception method is undoubtedly the best. So long as he doesn't get pregnant, all of those hard problems will be disposed of.
Looking at Caesar’s feigned nonchalance, Lin Yuan couldn’t help asking: “Caesar, you aren't really willing, are you? You… want to have a child?”
Caesar smiled and stroked Lin Yuan’s hair, “That's not it. You are only eighteen years old, there's no pressure at all for a child. Don’t think too much about it, go on and do the things you'd like to do.”
Lin Yuan hung his head down and said quietly: “I still haven't fully mentally prepared myself as of now. Give me some time… okay?”
Caesar said: “Okay, I will wait for you.”
Past all expectations, Caesar did not hesitate in the slightest to say “I will wait for you”, such a simple sentence is full of trust and acceptance.
The rims of Lin Yuan’s eyes abruptly grew hot and he threw himself into Caesar’s embrace, tightly wrapping his arms around Caesar.
—This is his Alpha.
—Willing to unconditionally wait for him.
—Willing to give him the greatest freedom, acceptance, and support.
After Lin Yuan took the pill, he immediately sent a message to Ling Feng telling him not to worry.
Ling Feng, who has been constantly restless at eta Ursae Majoris Starfield, finally relinquished his worries. Ling Yu is not here, Xiao Yuan is just like his own flesh and blood son. Xiao Yuan’s current age and physical condition are not suitable for pregnancy at all. Taking the postcoital contraception could be considered to have minimized the impact of the unexpected estrus to where it was inconsequential.
All the while Snow, on the other hand, widened his eyes in shock at the name of the medicine that appeared on his web search—
The name of the drug he had never heard of was actually an oral contraceptive?
Dad had specially rushed over to the space station to deliver medicine. Lin Yuan and Caesar did not open the cabin door for three days and three nights and then he suddenly had a fever afterward. So, it turned out to be…
Estrus?
Thinking that his brother had been marked by Caesar, Snow’s mood suddenly became a bit complicated.
Lin Yuan and Caesar finally reached Planet Rennes at 8 o’clock that night.
These days, Planet Rennes has been snowing and the air temperature was as low as 18
degrees
below zero. As a result, Lin Yuan specifically urged his mother and sister not to come to the space station to welcome him. After being persuaded by Lin Yuan, they decided to make a table full of rich dishes to welcome Lin Yuan with dinner at home.
(
TN
: In Celcius, I believe. A bit lower than 0 degrees in Fahrenheit.)
Planet Rennes is located at the edge of the Cigar Galaxy. The planet has a large number of mineral reserves. Most of the troops stationed here are military personnel responsible for supervising the mining of minerals and workers of mineral companies. There are few native residents on this planet.
On this desolate planet, there are no small-scale suspension vehicles available for rent to the public. The two could only take a public suspension vehicle from the space station to the town where he lived. After they got off near the mining company, they walked to his home on foot.
Caesar had said that the purpose of this trip to Planet Rennes was to see the snow. Since it was a trip, they originally should have gone to a hotel for lodging. However, Lin Yuan seemed to have forgotten this bit and took Caesar to his home from beginning to end. Naturally, Caesar would not take the initiative to remind him and kept next to Lin Yuan with a thick face.
The frigid Planet Rennes was practically covered with pure white snow, and the tall and imposing trees that were extremely cold-resistant were planted on either side of the street, there was a sense of desolation as far as the eye could see.
Compared to the bustle and warmth of the Capital Star, it really does look like two different worlds.
The pedestrians on the street are sparse and many small shops on the roadside are closed due to the bitter cold. At a bit after eight o’clock in the evening, the sky was already dark and the street lights were all lit up. Under the glow of the pale yellow street lights, the snowflakes fluttering in the air appeared to be stained with a golden halo.
The two walked side by side on the sidewalk, the snowflakes crunched under their feet and a biting cold wind blew in their face, mingling together with the large number of snowflakes falling straight on their necks.
Having never come to such a cold place before, Caesar’s nose has always been sensitive and being unable to adapt to this climate, he could not help but loudly sneeze.
Lin Yuan immediately turned his head and asked: “Are you really cold, Caesar?”
The wind was so strong that Caesar couldn't clearly hear what he was saying, so he bent over and moved his ear closer to the seams of his lips, asking in a low voice: “What did you say?”
Lin Yuan looked at Caesar’s ears that had been frozen red. That red color resembled frozen meat taken from the freezer. It was clear his ears were irritated by the freezing air and were already quickly losing feeling.
Lin Yuan couldn’t help but take out his warm hand from inside his pocket, gently warm his ear, and say: “It snows all year round here where I live. It’s not like the Capital Star. You must be unacclimated your first time coming here then?”
As he spoke, he took his other hand out and with both hands and covered Caesar’s ears, gently covering Caesar's ears with the palm of his hands to warm them up.
“Have they turned into popsicles? Seeing your ears look so red like this, I would have bought you a hat before setting off had I known…”
Caesar froze for a moment before responding, Xiao Yuan was actually using his hands to warm his ears.
The shock and excitement in his heart made Caesar speechless for quite a while—
Is his Omega worried about him? He was worried that he would turn into a popsicle, so he used his hands to cover his frosty red ears?
The warmth radiating from the palms of Lin Yuan’s hands quickly spread through his whole body following along the outlines of his ears, making it so that Caesar’s heart suddenly became nice and warm— the feeling of being cared for by the person he likes was so nice… Xiao Yuan cared about him, it's truly too much of a blessing…
Realizing that Caesar had taken the initiative to move closer, Lin Yuan stood up on his tippy toes and continued to cover his frozen red ears with both hands while jokingly saying: “You've never been to Planet Rennes before. Unlike me who has grown up here and has been acclimatized to it from a young age, you're not accustomed to the climate over here, making it very easy to freeze out in open-air. If I let our prince, His Highness, go back with frostbite, the hearts of His Majesty and the Queen would definitely ache to death.
Xiao Yuan’s smiling eyes were beautifully bent into crescent shapes under the street lights, which made one's heart rate quicken for a bit.
Caesar resisted the urge to fiercely kiss him and played along with Lin Yuan’s words, and as if playing a joke, he asked in a whisper: “If I froze into a popsicle, wouldn't your heart ache?”
Lin Yuan: “…………”
His face went slightly red and he wasn't too sure whether it was because it was too cold or if it was embarrassment. Lin Yuan pretended to calmly retrieve his hands and changed the topic: “It’s too cold outside, let’s get going, my house is just around the corner.”
He shoved his hands back into his warm pockets soon after speaking and turned towards the direction of his home.
Caesar gave a small smile and immediately followed after Lin Yuan’s footsteps.
Lin Yuan had grown up on Planet Rennes. He was accustomed to this frigid climate. When he disembarked the spacecraft, he found a thick overcoat and hat from his suitcase. Wearing them made it nice and warm and he didn't think it was too cold either. Caesar, however, had underestimated the coldness here and the little prince who did not take the proper precautions against the cold trekked the journey in the cold wind, his ears were almost frozen enough to fall off and Lin Yuan had worried that he would be frozen into a popsicle and could not help but encase his ears with the warmth of his hands.
Looking back now, Lin Yuan also feels it is strange— why did my heart ache to see Caesar suffering in the cold just now?
He was stupid enough to rise to his tippy toes and cover his ears with his hands…
After arriving at his home, Lin Yuan turned and aimed a glance, just in time for his sight to meet with Caesar's smile.
At the moment when their pair eyes were diametrically opposed, Lin Yuan’s heartbeat suddenly seemed to stall for half a beat. He quickly looked away and rang the doorbell.
After a short pause, the door was opened.
The one who had opened the door was Lin Yao. The Beta girl wore a full set of casual clothes and had her hair up in a ponytail. Her sleeves were rolled up and she looked very well put together. When she saw Lin Yuan, she immediately rushed over and gave Lin Yuan a bear hug, “Xiao Yuan, you've come back at long last!”
Lin Yuan took off his hat and said with a smile: “Big Sis'.”
Lin Yao rubbed her little brother’s head before releasing him, looked around, and then asked in confusion: “Oh, that's right, what about Hobby? Hadn't he secretly stowed himself away in your suitcase and went with you? He wasn't discovered by the school, was he?”
Seeing his sister’s worried appearance, Lin Yuan quickly explained: “He wasn't, Hobby is actually quite safe. I left him with a classmate for the time being.”
In fact, Lin Yao is particularly fond of rubbing Hobby’s head and tying its hair into all kinds of braided pigtails… Hobby was really scared of being tormented by her. Thus, when Lin Yuan was going back home, Hobby firmly resolved himself not to tag-along. At that time, he had only managed to escape from the clutches of Sister Lin Yao with great difficulties. He couldn't return this time. In case his owner left it at home in the care of Big Sister Lin Yao, wouldn’t dying be better than living?
Hobby’s attitude was very determined. Lin Yuan was under pressure for lack of a better option and could only temporarily leave him in Po Military Starfield.
Fortunately, Bertha is the daughter of Instructor Irene. She lives in a military academy and has a gentle personality. She also really likes to keep pets. Lin Yuan gave her Hobby to take care of, for the time being, intending to take that round lump of fur back upon returning to school after vacation ended.
Hearing that the “doggie” was not in any danger, Lin Yao let go of her worries and didn’t ask anymore. She raised her head to look at the tall guy standing beside her little brother, saying in wonder: “And this is?” Lin Yao eyed the suitcase in Caesar’s hand, “A classmate who came together with you?”
Before Lin Yuan and Caesar had time to answer, Mrs. Lin’s gentle voice came from the direction of the kitchen: “Has Xiao Yuan come back? Why don’t you come inside to talk? It’s so cold outside, you'll catch a cold if you stand at the door.”
Lin Yao hurriedly said: “Oh yeah, don't talk here, quickly come in!”
She then swiftly found clean slippers for the two of them after she spoke.
The two changed their shoes at the door and walked into the house together. Lin Yuan put their suitcases in his bedroom and Lin Yao rushed to cordially pour tea for the two.
Mrs. Lin came out from the kitchen and saw the handsome boy sitting next to her son, then paused for a bit before asking: “Xiao Yuan, this is?”
Lin Yuan had originally wanted to say: This is my roommate, he's passing through Planet Rennes to see the snowy scenery.
However, when he met Caesar’s gaze with those kinds of words, he suddenly couldn’t say anything.
Not long ago, the two had just finished marking each other completely. Lin Yuan clearly remembers every I love you Caesar declared in earnest each time they embraced… Afterward, Caesar even thoughtfully said not to have a child and bought contraceptive pills of his own accord. When he isn't well mentally prepared, he helps him dispose of all his worries for the future, and says without hesitation and a resolve of steel: I will wait for you.
—How can he continue to use “friends” to define the identity of such a person?
—He has traveled thousands of miles to Planet Rennes, how could he let him suffer this kind of grievance?
Lin Yuan thought of this, finally hesitated no longer, scratched his head, and said with some embarrassment: “Mom, he is… he is my Alpha, his name is Caesar.”
Caesar: “…”
Mom: “…”
Lin Yao: “…”
My Alpha, in just this one simple sentence, contains infinite profound meanings.
Usually, only partners who have marked each other use the adjective “my Alpha”. The prefix “my” proves that the other party belongs to them, and the optimal way for an Alpha and an Omega to belong to one another is precisely a complete mark.
Lin Yuan was so straightforward that he just said it without thinking about it. The moment where he had completely marked him, Caesar had said: “I am yours”. When introducing him to others, Lin Yuan automatically used “my”.
Unexpectedly, after saying this, the other three suddenly went strangely silent.
Lin Yuan looked at Caesar, his mother, and his sister… What's going on with the three of you? Could I have said something wrong?
The author has something to say: Happy Valentine’s Day and Lantern Festival everyone! !! Returned late since I was dragged out to window-shop~~
Don’t hate Xiao Yuan ma, asking for some encouragement and positive energy!
I don’t think I wrote an inconsistent plot point ah. Not wanting to have children at the age of 18 while a first-year in college is a normal way of thinking. Taking contraceptives is the best way if you don't want a child. Changing it out with another method: Caesar and Lin Yuan wore a condom during sex… Do you feel cruel ~~~
This is just reasonable contraception. The child hadn’t been conceived…
There will be buns, but not now, the cute buns will happily come to this world when the two fathers really love each other and are ready to welcome the babies ^ _ ^
Slight NSFW
Chapter 097. Response
In fact, Caesar had already prepared himself for Lin Yuan introducing him to his mother like, “This is my friend/roommate/classmate”, but past any and all expectations, Lin Yuan had actually said: “This is my Alpha”. Caesar received a simultaneously burst of shock and ecstasy—
Xiao Yuan finally recognized his identity!
In Xiao Yuan’s heart, he is no longer a friend at long last, instead, he is “my Alpha”!
If it weren't for Lin Yuan 's mother and sister locking their eyes on Caesar, Caesar would have liked to run back and forth in the snow as an outlet for his excitement—
The so-called where there is a will, there is a way, both metal and stone can be cracked open, is this not the case?
Facing Mrs. Lin’s astonished gaze, Caesar immediately donned a refined and elegant smile on his face, respectfully speaking: “Greetings, Auntie, Big Sister, my name is Caesar, I am Xiao Yuan’s Alpha.”
This sentence being spoken out was simply full of vitality.
Compared to being taught a lesson by the Marshal at the beginning, there is nothing more to say. Today, he is meeting Lin Yuan 's adoptive mother and sister as a boyfriend through just and honorable means. Caesar's frame of mind from then and now is truly light-years apart— was this the difference between wishful thinking and a couple's harmonious love?
Mrs. Lin has always had a sweet-tempered personality. Since Xiao Yuan took the initiative to acknowledge the relationship between the two of them, as a mother, she really has no qualms, but is instead over the moon that Xiao Yuan had brought his Alpha over for a visit—
After the exposure of Xiao Yuan's Omega identity, Mrs. Lin has truly been in a constant state of mind-numbing fear, terrified that her son would be depressed because of his identity change, and even more afraid that he would be harassed by other Alphas. Since not only could he find an Alpha he liked to bring back home to meet his mother, but also the other person's appearance and temperament appeared very fine, with the way he carries himself being quite modest and polite, Mrs. Lin would naturally be very happy for her son.
Looking at Caesar’s refined and courteous manner, the more she saw the more pleasing to the eyes he became. Mrs. Lin turned back to Lin Yuan and said: “Xiao Yuan, you’re really something, not telling me in advance, you see, I don't have anything at all prepared… …A-Yao, quickly go cook a few more dishes.”
“On it!” Lin Yao very happily ran back to the kitchen.
Caesar rushed to say: “There's no need to go through all the trouble, I am very easy to please in terms of food and accommodation. You have already prepared more than enough.”
Lin Yuan nodded and parroted: “That's right, Caesar is not a picky eater, the amount of food he eats isn't as big as me. Mom, every time you make food there's always leftovers, this time with him, it should be just enough to eat.”
Lin Yao was walking towards the kitchen and had to come back halfway, saying in all smiles: “Xiao Yuan, you're immediately siding with Caesar, so you can speak for Caesar so conscientiously?”
Lin Yuan: “…………”
Lin Yuan's face flushed a tad red, he avoided his sister’s teasing gaze, and said in a low voice: “Anyway, it would go to waste to make anymore, I don’t want to eat leftovers every day.”
Seeing Lin Yuan's blushing appearance, Caesar was even happier.
Lin Yuan 's act of taking the initiative to speak for him, it seems to be reminiscent of "where the husband speaks, his husband follows", even if Lin Yuan is only unconsciously doing it, it is this kind of instinctive reaction that serves as proof— this little monster holds him in his heart.
Caesar pointed to the full table of food on the dinner table and smiled, saying: “There's really no need, Big Sister, don’t rush around, this is surely enough food for the four of us.” He glanced at Lin Yuan, adding in, “It's even enough for Xiao Yuan’s midnight snack.”
Lin Yuan: “…………”
Was it really necessary to tell his mother to her face that he was a big nighttime snacker?
Mrs. Lin saw her son 's reaction and couldn't help laughing: "Well, I did indeed even prepare a midnight snack for Xiao Yuan. You two must be starving too. Quickly come and have dinner."
Four people sat down around the dining table, his mother and sister sat together. Lin Yuan and Caesar naturally sat together on the other side.
The dishes that were served for Lin Yuan’s welcoming dinner were very rich. The table was filled with seven to eight dishes, there was even the strong aroma of pork chop soup. Many of the dishes on the table were ones Caesar had never seen before, probably being regional specialties of Planet Rennes.
Lin Yuan was beginning to grow a little embarrassed by his sister’s teasing. Later, only seeing that his mother and sister seemed to be fond of Caesar, did he gradually relax. As the host, Caesar first and foremost came to his home as a guest, it's only natural that he should be presented with warm hospitality.
So, Lin Yuan took the initiative to place a white bamboo shoot in Caesar’s bowl, saying with a smile: “Try this cold dish, you most certainly have never eaten it before. This is a Planet Rennes specialty, it's called ice bamboo, they grow in the snow and can only be found by digging under the snow.”
Caesar picked it up and tasted it. It sure was worthy of growing in the snow. The sharp icy feeling is like eating a popsicle. The light sweetness ignited on his taste buds, spreading from the tip of his tongue, washing over one by one, refreshing his soul.
It was a very simple dish but was it just right to arouse one’s appetite.
What made Caesar’s appetite grow even larger— was that Lin Yuan personally served him a lot of special dishes, introducing them as he picked them up. He was acting just like a host, but unbeknownst to him, these kinds of intimate actions in the eyes of his elders looked more like a public display of affection.
The dullard Lin Yuan didn’t catch onto the deeply discerning smiles of his sister and mother and just excitedly introduced the local specialties to Caesar.
Caesar felt that this was the most delightful meal he had ever eaten.
After dinner, Caesar took out the presents he had prepared for Mrs. Lin and Lin Yao from his suitcase, he walked to the living room and presented them in front of the two girls, smiling and as he said: “Auntie, Big Sister, these are some greeting gifts I bought for you. “
Mrs. Lin, who is used to frugality, saw the exquisitely packaged box Caesar held out, and immediately stressed over him recklessly throwing money around, hurriedly saying: “You only came to my home to have a bit of fun, bringing any gifts at all is spending too much money.”
Caesar said with a smile: “I didn’t know what you like, so I chose something practical. Won't you open it and take a look?”
Mrs. Lin opened the box and found that it was actually the latest smart massager. This massage appliance is designed based on the blood circulation of the human body, it can conduct a smart adjustment on a person-to-person basis. Not only could it loosen muscles, but it could also treat a bit of joint pain and other such ailments. Caesar knew that Mrs. Lin was not in good health, so he bought this. Although it had a hefty price tag, it was very practical.
Mrs. Lin immediately closed the box and said: “Why would you buy such an expensive thing? It’s such a waste of money.”
Caesar rushed to say: “It being of use to you is payment enough, Auntie, please accept it.”
Lin Yuan also piped up after him: “Just accept it, Mom. I originally wanted to buy this massager for you after I came back. I didn’t expect Caesar would buy it.” This is actually the truth. Lin Yuan always wanted to buy this for his mother, but even with all of his scholarships added up this semester it wasn’t enough money. He had originally intended to wait until the next semester to buy it, it came as a surprise to him too that Caesar had bought it.
Lin Yuan glanced at Caesar and being faced with Caesar's smile, a warmness welled up in his heart— although Mrs. Lin was not his biological mother, she had taken care of him for 14 years. In his heart, she was no different than a biological mother. Caesar was so gracious to his mother, and he even carefully thought of buying this practical thing for his mother, this made Lin Yuan feel very moved.
Seeing Mrs. Lin was still a bit hesitant, Caesar followed up with: “Auntie, there is no need for you to worry about money. Xiao Yuan and I both participated in the National Mech Contest and won a bunch of scholarships. In the military academy, food costs are taken care of, it’s a lot of money without anything to spend it on.”
Listening to Caesar’s words, Mrs. Lin accepted it with peace of mind. This Alpha is not just a good person but is also so filial to her. For Xiao Yuan to be able to find such an Alpha, she is unable to help but to rejoice in her heart. Looking at Caesar, she said: "Thank you, ah. “
Caesar smiled, saying: “Auntie is too kind.”
Lin Yao inquisitively inched over, saying: “Caesar, is there a gift for me too?”
"Of course there is." Caesar handed her a gift box and upon opening, it ended up being the most popular touchscreen gaming computer in the Empire. It came preinstalled with numerous classic 3D games. After connecting it to the Internet, new games could be downloaded from the game store or could be played straight from the network.
Lin Yao was stunned for a moment, a glimmer of pleasant surprise suddenly shone on her face: “How great, I really, really love playing these!” She spoke as she patted Caesar's shoulder, “Caesar, you really are super sweet!”
In reality, this gift also took Caesar some thought. After all, with his rough understanding, Lin Yao 's personality is very straightforward, and as such, she should love playing games. This gaming computer is often held in high regard by the public, even if she didn't like it, she wouldn't hate it either, giving this kind of gift ought to be relatively safe.
He didn’t expect to hit a bullseye by taking a shot in the dark at Lin Yao's thoughts, it ended up being a happy accident.
Receiving the gift prepared with the utmost care, the favorable impression that Mama Lin and Big Sis' Lin held for Caesar exponentially doubled. Knowledgeable in manners, considerate, and even looks handsome. With such a good Alpha, our family's Xiao Yuan has truly picked up a treasure!
Mrs. Lin covertly dragged Lin Yao to her room and asked in a low voice: “It seems that Xiao Yuan has set his mind on this Alpha, what do you think about Caesar?”
Lin Yao gave it some thought, saying: “He looks quite handsome, has a good temperament, and he doesn't have any haughty air about him. He shouldn't bully our Xiao Yuan. Since Xiao Yuan likes him, I think it’s fine. It's better to have Caesar there rather than having him attending school, under threat, all by himself. Lin Yao paused, “And, haven’t the two of them already marked each other? It'd be completely meaningless to object now.”
Mrs. Lin's stare went blank and she sighed, “Oh yeah, Xiao Yuan is already Caesar's Omega…”
Lin Yao laughed and said: “It's really hard to imagine it, my little brother was so reserved, yet he was marked just like that.”
The mother and daughter looked at each other, and at the same time felt that their little monster’s ideological consciousness was too high. Not long after just becoming an Omega, he was actually marked, and even brought along his Alpha for a home visit!
After Lin Yao returned to the living room, Caesar suddenly said: “Big Sis', do you have any childhood photos of Xiao Yuan? I really want to see them.”
Ever since Xiao Yuan said that he liked to somersault on his bed when he was young, Caesar had always wanted to see what he looked like when he was a child. Lin Yuan surely must have been plump and especially adorable.
Lin Yao quickly said: “Of course there are, Big Sister will get them for you!”
Taking advantage of the time Lin Yuan was going to take a bath, Lin Yao secretly took out his childhood recordings and gave them to Caesar. Caesar watched the small little monster on the screen as he flipped and tumbled on his bed, he only felt it was incomparably adorable, his round cheeks filled with baby fat especially made people want to give it a pinch…
Soon, all of Lin Yuan’s videotapes, photos, and various award certificates were “shared” by Lin Yao. Lin Yao even told Caesar embarrassing stories from Lin Yuan’s childhood…
Lin Yuan, who was taking a bath, didn't realize that he had been completely betrayed by his heartless sister.
When he came out after finishing up his bath, Lin Yao was saying something under giggles to Caesar, and Caesar was also wearing a smile.
Lin Yuan said in wonder: “What are you guys talking about?”
Seeing that the two tacitly stopped speaking, Lin Yuan was forced to helplessly glance at Caesar, saying: “Go take a bath, I will prepare toiletries for you.”
Lin Yuan took Caesar to the bathroom and arranged everything, he then turned around and walked to Lin Yao. asking: “Mom already fell asleep?”
Lin Yao nodded, “En, she just tried out the massager Caesar gave her. She got sleepy and went to bed early.”
Lin Yuan asked: “Then where will Caesar be sleeping tonight?”
They didn't have any free guest rooms in their house, and Lin Yuan was fretting over how he should set up Caesar's sleeping arrangements.
To his surprise, Lin Yao swiftly laid a clean quilt right on the double twin bed in Lin Yuan’s room, and said with a smile: “Go to bed a bit early after taking a bath, I’m heading back to play games.”
Lin Yuan’s eyes widened in shock, “Big Sis'? You're saying you're letting Caesar sleep together with me…”
Lin Yao leaned closer towards Lin Yuan’s ear, she lowered her voice and said with a smile, “Haven't you already been marked? What worse could happen?”
Lin Yuan: “…”
Knowing that her brother was marked, Lin Yao was very indeed happy. She had already been told of Xiao Yuan’s origins from her mother a long time ago and has always worried that Xiao Yuan would be faced with troubles being an Omega at school, but since Xiao Yuan found an Alpha he likes and was willing to be marked by him and brought this Alpha to meet his family… As a big sister, her little brother finding true love makes her happier than going off and getting married herself.
Despite growing up on the desolate Planet Rennes, Lin Yao was very open-minded in her views. When Xiao Yuan was a child, he would frequently tumble around on his bed. The size of his double bed was more than enough. Being that the two had already marked each other, they should naturally sleep in the same room.
Lin Yao situated the quilt on the bed, turned around, and lightly patted her brother’s shoulder, saying with a smile: “You guys get some good rest. I’m leaving now, good night.”
Lin Yuan: “…”
When Caesar came out of the bath, Lin Yuan was standing in the middle of the room lost in thought. Both his mother and sister had already shut their doors and went to bed.
There were two new quilts spread on the bed, the patterns on the quilts are exactly the same, looking at it, they seemed awfully like couples' quilts.
Sure enough, his mother and sister had long-since guessed the relationship between the two, the frank and ready-tongued Lin Yuan had lain everything bare.
Caesar held back a smile and walked in front of Xiao Yuan, pretending to nonchalantly say: “Where will I be sleeping tonight?”
Lin Yuan gave an awkward glance to his bed, “Uh, right here, there aren't any guest rooms in my home…”
Caesar nodded, walked to the bed and sat down, beckoning Xiao Yuan over, “Come on now, let's rest, what are you standing there for?”
Lin Yuan had no other option but to shuffle over to the other side of the bed at a turtle's pace. He lifted the quilt up and climbed onto the bed, lying on his side with his back towards Caesar.
Perceiving that Lin Yuan was nervously tensing up the muscles on his back, Caesar abruptly lifted up the corner of his quilt and forcibly wormed his way into Lin Yuan’s quilt, securely wrapping his arms around his back.
Lin Yuan froze for a moment, his breathing was unstable: “What are you doing?”
Caesar turned Lin Yuan around and kissed his forehead with a smile: “What are you doing all nervous? I’m already yours, Xiao Yuan.”
Lin Yuan lifted his head up, his clear, dark eyes kept looking at Caesar. After a second, he gently hugged Caesar and nuzzled his head into Caesar’s chest, saying in earnest: “Caesar… I didn't think you'd bring gifts for my mother and sister, moreover to prepare such nice gifts… Although the two of them are not blood-related to me, as far as I'm concerned, they are my closest relatives. Thank you for being so good to them…”
Caesar smiled and rubbed the head buried in his chest, he said softly: “What's there to thank? You said that I am your Alpha, your family is naturally my family too.”
Lin Yuan, hearing these words, couldn't help but hug Caesar’s arm even tighter.
—It seems that this little monster is extremely moved?
Caesar couldn’t help but ask: “Do you really want to thank me?”
Lin Yuan nodded his head, “En.”
Caesar said: “Then will you take the initiative to give me a kiss?”
Lin Yuan raised his head and looked up into Caesar’s eyes. After a moment passed, his ears went a bit red and he took the initiative to move his lips closer, kissing Caesar.
The warm and soft touch on his lips nearly made Caesar's heart come to a stop.
Lin Yuan tentatively sucked his lips, gently licking and kissing, after wetting Caesar's lips he then pried open his jaw and probingly stretched his tongue in using the knowledge he had gained before…
With Lin Yuan’s lack of experience in his field, this kiss can be said to be somewhat iffy. His tongue lightly licked the inside of his warm mouth, which seems to be a clumsy attempt of pleasing him…
Being kissed caused the blood pumping through Caesar's body to speed up, the feeling of being kissed by Lin Yuan was even more heart-racing than when he was embracing him at that time.
It was undoubtedly an inexperienced kiss, but it was full of earnestness, his tongue slid gently in the mouth. Seeming just as if Lin Yuan was delving himself into a super important affair, he closed his eyes and kissed Caesar giving him his full concentration.
It was unquestionably a pure kiss without any skill, but more so than any impressive kissing technique, it makes Caesar’s heart pound.
This is just how his little monster is. Although he is a bit clumsy and slow to the uptake with his emotions, once he sets his mind on someone, he will become matchlessly serious and give them his full focus— just like him conscientiously persisting from beginning to end all those years towards his dreams.
Caesar likes Xiao Yuan’s seriousness and perseverance, he likes to see Xiao Yuan as he works hard for his dreams.
It is also this kind of seriousness and perseverance that makes his radiance shine brighter in Caesar’s eyes.
If you only want to find an Omega partner to give birth to your children, there are thousands upon thousands of pure-bred Omegas in the Omega Association's registration database that meet this requirement. However, Caesar only likes Lin Yuan—
Because Lin Yuan is an Omega who is a splash of color in a sea of white, a little monster who conducts himself well and independently and is the only one he can’t replace.
Lin Yuan kissed Caesar for a long time, seeing that Caesar hadn't responded in kind, ultimately withdrew from his mouth in embarrassment.
Caesar pinched Lin Yuan’s face, and spoke with a small smile: “Your kissing technique still hasn't improved, it seems that lots and lots of practice will be required.”
Lin Yuan’s face suddenly turned red. Every time before it was Caesar kissing him and each time he was kissed, his mind went blank and there was simply not enough time to respond. Today was his first time actively kissing him. Of course, it could be said that his skills were nothing to sneeze at, but his point of study solely relied on fuzzy memories of Caesar's movements. He clearly hadn't gotten it all down.
Seeing his blushing appearance, Caesar's heart was stirred, and he no longer hesitated to wrap his arms around his supple waist. He won back his position on the top, and deeply kissed Lin Yuan.
“Mm… Mmnn…”
“Like this… come… try to respond to me…”
Caesar kissed him while also encouraging Xiao Yuan to follow in his footsteps to respond.
This on the spot teaching method made even more red appear on Lin Yuan’s face, but he couldn’t help trying to respond from being kissed so nicely.
The passionate and intense kiss lasted for a long time, the two people’s breathing grew more and more rushed, and the ambiguous wet sound of coming from between their lips and teeth was infinitely amplified in the dead silent room.
Because of Lin Yuan’s active response, this kiss was more enjoyable to the both of them than every one-sided kiss in the past.
After a while, Lin Yuan even closed his eyes, reveling in desire, his hands actively imitated Caesar's manner of lightly caressing his back.
Caesar, who was urgingly kissed by Xiao Yuan, was even more excited.
Lin Yuan also enthusiastically expressed the subtle emotions inside his heart with his hands and lips.
Soon, the bed became a mess, forget about their pajamas opened wide, their lower bodies were even producing a reaction…
Knowing that Lin Yuan 's estrus had just passed and that his body was not fit for doing that kind of thing, Caesar immediately stopped moving and withdrew from Xiao Yuan 's mouth. He took a deep breath to rein back in his desire and rubbed Lin Yuan 's head. He asked with a smile: “Have you got it down?”
Lin Yuan frowned, unwilling to accept that. After a while, he suddenly thought of a devilish plan. As soon as he flipped Caesar over and overpowered him on the bed, he looked at him with his two eyes shining and kissed him with all his heart once more.
Lin Yuan's learning ability was extraordinarily strong and he quickly applied what he had learned from prior experience, gently licking the inside of Caesar’s mouth with his tongue, and attentively sweeping over his teeth, winding around his tongue in an intimate kiss.
Caesar's whole body grew scorching hot from the kiss, his back was stretched taut, and that part below was hard enough to burst. This guy, Lin Yuan, continued kissing him with the intent to please as if he was proving his learning ability.
Caesar: “………”
Sometimes this little monster’s passion really burns like fire.
However, if you kiss your Alpha like this, aren't you really afraid to mess around too much and kindle a fire of the upper body?
The author has something to say: Don't quarrel when you leave comments, please calm down everyone~ The comments below are giving off such bad vibes. Taking birth control doesn't necessarily equate to murder…
If you don't understand the suggestion in Chapter 95, go back and read it again ha~~To put it another way: Reasonable contraception (including the use of condoms, oral contraceptives and other measures to prevent accidental pregnancy) is something that the nation encourages and stands by, doctors recommend, and this is what normal people should do. There's no need to feel guilty about it.
Some of my classmates take birth control pills to adjust their monthly… It has nothing to do with selfish cold-blooded contempt for life… QAQ
The next morning, Lin Yuan woke up and found himself leaning into Caesar 's arms like a body pillow. He seemed to get more and more used to the scene of "waking up in Caesar's arms", watching the sleeping Caesar with his eyebrows smoothed out and relaxed, Lin Yuan couldn’t help smiling, he reached out his hand and patted Caesar’s face, softly saying: “Caesar, get up.”
Caesar had actually woken up a long time ago, but being called out of bed by Xiao Yuan is much more enjoyable than getting up by himself. He would naturally play a bit of pretend.
Seeing that Caesar's eyes were still glued shut, Lin Yuan then pinched his nose closed, “It’s almost time to get up, why are you still being lazy and sleeping?”
Caesar who had his nose pinched and was unable to breathe was forced to reluctantly open his eyes.
In reality, he was hoping for Lin Yuan to wake him up as passionately as he did last night with a kiss… Of course, Lin Yuan obviously had not come to this understanding yet.
Facing the smiling eyes of Lin Yuan, Caesar couldn’t help but kiss his forehead and quietly say: “Good morning.”
Lin Yuan looked at Caesar and leaned over to give him a kiss on the forehead as he had learned, saying with a smile: “Good morning.”
The two had embraced one other, slept under the same quilt, greeted the first light of the morning dawn together, kissed each other’s forehead, and said good morning… This kind of feeling is particularly warm, as if they had already been together for a long time, a complete mutual understanding as a married couple would.
Caesar wanted to take the kissing even further, but Lin Yuan tore the quilt off and got out of bed, saying, “Go wash your face and brush your teeth. My family eats breakfast every morning at 7:30 without fail.”
At Lin Yuan’s house, Caesar was naturally not going to be unbridled and was forced to obediently follow Lin Yuan out the door.
When the two came out of the bedroom together, they both smelled a heavy aroma at the same time. Lin Yao was baking bread in the kitchen, an apron wrapped around her. Mrs. Lin was warming milk and when she saw the two, she smiled and said: “You're out of bed?” Go wash up and get ready to eat breakfast.”
Lin Yuan couldn’t help but redden in shame. Coming out of his bedroom door with Caesar and being faced with his mother felt unbelievably embarrassing. Especially since the two of them had been intimate under the same quilt for quite a long time last night, both their lips were practically kissed swollen.
Lin Yuan met his mother’s gentle gaze and hurriedly looked away, scurrying off into the bathroom.
The surface area of Lin Yuan’s home is not large, there is only one bathroom, so to wash his face in the morning, he'd have to get in line. Lin Yuan went in to wash his face and Caesar stood outside and chatted with Mrs. Lin, “Auntie, do you all usually get up this early?”
Mrs. Lin said: “Yeah, it's become a habit after so many years.”
Caesar asked: “Xiao Yuan too?”
Mrs. Lin said with a smile: “He actually was quite fond of lazing around in bed when he was a child. He refused to get up and would roll around with his quilt in a death grip. He refused whenever I called him down to eat breakfast too. He was even late for school several times back in elementary school from sleeping in. Later on, A-Yao devised a method, she balled up a big snowball and pitched it into his bed at 7:30 every morning, right on time. Xiao Yuan was so frightened that he never dared to sleep in again.”
Caesar: “………”
Big Sis' Lin Yao really had her ways of sorting this naughty little brother of hers.
Despite Xiao Yuan growing up in a single-parent family and never experiencing the love of a father during his childhood, he, however, had such a gentle and kindhearted mother along with a candid and cheerful sister to foster his optimistic and cheerful personality.
It can be said that Xiao Yuan inherited Marshal Rosen and General Ling Yu's excellent genes, but his character was completely molded by his adoptive mother and sister.
Having this kind of mother and sister, his childhood must have been very happy and warm then?
Thinking of this, Caesar suddenly admired the woman in front of him a bit. Her husband had lost his life a long time ago. She raised a son and daughter all on her own and still taught Xiao Yuan so well. It really mustn’t have been easy.
Seeing Mrs. Lin carrying a few large glasses of milk she had poured into the dining room, Caesar hurriedly said: “Auntie, I'll come help you.”
Caesar swiftly took the milk and fried eggs in hand one by one and set them down in the dining room. Mrs. Lin looked at the back of the tall youth bustling about and she couldn’t help a small smile floating on her face— in the Empire, the Omegas in the household are given full responsibility for doing housework and raising children. Alphas work away from home and for the most part, Alphas are all a bit sexist, the kind of Alpha who is willing to lend a hand in doing household duties is already very few and far in between.
She had always been worried that Xiao Yuan would be wronged when he became an Omega, but Caesar gave people the impression that… he will take good care of Xiao Yuan and pamper Xiao Yuan. Even Mrs. Lin can see that this young man really loves her son.
Mrs. Lin was silent for a moment and finally couldn’t help but ask a question that had always been in the back of her mind: “Caesar, you and Xiao Yuan… Since you've already marked each other, you should know of his origins? Do you have any plans for his future? “
As an elder, Mrs. Lin asked Caesar’s thoughts about their future, which also proved her heart’s approval of Caesar.
Caesar gave a slight smile, looked back at Mrs. Lin, and said seriously: “Auntie, rest assured, I know everything there is to know about Xiao Yuan. He wishes to continue injecting inhibitors and attend the military academy. I will respect his decision and support him doing whatever he likes…” Caesar made a pause, “After graduation if he wants, I will officially marry him. If he doesn’t want to, then I will wait for him for however many years.”
Lin Yuan came out of the bathroom and suddenly stopped in his steps at the corner of the dining room.
“…If he wants, I will officially marry him. If he doesn’t want to, I’ll wait for him for however many years…”
Caesar’s deep voice passed clearly to his ears word by word, making the rims of Lin Yuan’s eyes suddenly sting.
He didn’t know how to describe the mood of that moment. The feeling of being understood, considered, valued, and accepted by a single person was just like his heart being carefully cradled by a pair of warm hands.
—Caesar, when you treat me like this, how could I disappoint you?
Lin Yuan took a deep breath and repressed the heat emerging from his eyes. He then tightly clenched his hands into fists and turned the corner into the dining room. He smiled in front of Caesar, saying: “Go wash your face after you're done washing, come eat breakfast.”
Caesar nodded and turned to enter the bathroom to wash his face. He looked at the clean towels and toothbrush placed on the vanity. There was even a dollop of toothpaste squeezed onto the toothbrush, warm water was poured in a cup, obviously something Lin Yuan had prepared moments ago…
Caesar always uses a smart toothbrush when he stays in the Imperial Palace. Lin Yuan 's family situation isn't well off. They still use the traditional toothbrush, but seeing Lin Yuan 's considerate preparation of everything for himself, Caesar 's heart felt like warm rays of sunshine had rained upon it.
The weather on Planet Rennes is particularly cold, but Lin Yuan's passion last night and his thoughtfulness this morning gave Caesar the illusion of being in a tropical climate.
After Caesar’s surprise visit last night, there wasn't any leftover food and today’s breakfast was especially well prepared.
In addition to the steaming hot milk and the soft yellow omelet personally crafted with Mrs. Lin's own hands, Lin Yao obviously wanted to show off her own culinary talent this morning too. She made a lot of different cakes and pastries, taking up a whole table to display them.
Lin Yuan loved to eat the cakes made by his sister and immediately ate them up without any manners, eating one mouthful at a time with great relish.
Caesar originally had no interest in sweets, but since this was something personally made by Xiao Yuan’s sister, he also ate a good few of them to outwardly show grace.
After breakfast, Lin Yao went to her cake shop, Mrs. Lin stayed at home to watch TV, and Lin Yuan dragged Caesar out to view the snowy scenery.
The two changed into thick clothing. After leaving, Lin Yuan took Caesar directly to a shopping mall. The shopping mall on Planet Rennes is extremely small. While it is called a shopping mall, it is actually more like a small shop made up of pedestrian streets. It was deserted and there weren't many people around either.
Caesar said, a bit puzzled: “What did we go to the mall for? Do you want to buy something?”
Lin Yuan nodded, “En, let's walk around and look.”
Caesar really couldn’t understand why it was necessary for Lin Yuan to take him to the mall. The amount of goods in any one of the malls in the Capital Star has the one here beat by a hundredfold.
Until Lin Yuan took Caesar to a small shop selling hats.
The shopkeeper auntie clearly recognized Lin Yuan, and when she saw Lin Yuan, she was all smiles and said: “Xiao Yuan is back, ah? Didn’t you test into that Saint… Saint whatchamacallit military academy to study? Is this for a vacation?”
Lin Yuan smiled and said: “Yes, Auntie, I just came back for a vacation.”
The shopkeeper looked at the boy next to Lin Yuan in wonder, “And this is?”
Lin Yuan said: “Oh, this is my classmate, he traveled with me here.”
For outsiders, Lin Yuan naturally dares not to say “Caesar is my Alpha”. He thought that just his family knowing was enough, there is no need to tell the whole world. Of course, Caesar has no objection to this. His relationship with Lin Yuan is not convenient for public disclosure, he completely agrees with Lin Yuan's low-key approach too.
Meeting at the shopkeeper’s gaze, Caesar nodded and smiled at her, “Hello Auntie.”
The shopkeeper spoke quickly and with enthusiasm: “Oh, so it turned out to be Xiao Yuan’s classmate. Quickly come in. What do you want to buy, look as you please!”
Lin Yuan circled around in the store as if earnestly looking for something.
Caesar said somewhat confused: “Xiao Yuan, what do you want to buy?”
Right at that moment, Lin Yuan’s eyes suddenly lit up and he made a grab for a light gray hat from the corner. He turned around and walked in front of Caesar, stood on his tippy toes, and carefully put the hat on Caesar. He looked around, then smiled cheerfully: “Not too shabby, how about you take a look?”
As he spoke, he fetched a large mirror and put it in front of Caesar.
Caesar was stunned, swiveling his head to look at himself in the mirror— the light gray hat Xiao Yuan had put on his head had a simple and elegant style. It didn't look thick, but it could retain warmth well, giving it a tug, it was just enough for him to cover his ears.
Caesar: “………”
He finally realized the reason why Lin Yuan brought him to a shopping mall.
Only because on the way to his home from the space station that day, his uncovered ears had gone red from being blasted by the frigid wind. Caesar had not cared, yet Lin Yuan had surprisingly kept it in his mind. When they went out today, he took him to a nearby shopping mall to get him a hat first thing…
Caesar was so suddenly touched that he couldn’t bear to take off the hat he had put on his head.
When Xiao Yuan wants to treat a person well, while it is that kind of blunt and serious display, simple and pure, it strikes right to the bottom of the heart.
The feeling of being cared about by Xiao Yuan made Caesar feel especially warm.
He has never worn a hat throughout his entire life, but today, he now dons this simple elegant styled hat that Lin Yuan personally selected, just like a child receiving a gift for the first time, his glee nearly makes him unable to speak.
Lin Yuan carefully looked Caesar up and down, saying: “Actually, there won't be an occasion to wear a hat after going back. It's really just these few days on Planet Rennes. If you don’t wear a hat when you go out your ears will get frostbitten… How is this color? If you think it's alright, we'll buy it? “
Caesar hurriedly smiled and said: “It’s really nice, I like it a lot.”
Lin Yuan grinned happily and went to swipe his card.
After all, Caesar is a prince. The things he usually wears are most certainly different from that of ordinary people. The things sold on Planet Rennes are definitely not as good as the Capital Star in terms of style and quality. Lin Yuan took a long time to pick one that was pleasing to the eye. He was naturally very happy that Caesar could approve of his dress sense.
The two walked out of the shopping center together. Lin Yuan eyed Caesar from the side and abruptly said: “Hold up.”
Caesar turned his head around, “What is it?”
Lin Yuan stood up on the tips of his toes and reached out to help Caesar tug the sides of his hat down, carefully tucking in both of his ears into the hat. Only then did he smile and say: “Have you never worn a hat before, ah? Half of your ears are out, are they not cold?”
The action of the little monster helping to straighten out his hat made the bottom of Caesar’s heart erupt in warmth, he couldn't help but stretch out his arms and steal a hug from him.
Lin Yuan was startled and said nervously: “What are you doing…”
Caesar tightened his arms and whispered: “Let me hug you for a second, nobody will see it anyways.”
Lin Yuan surveyed their surroundings. Today’s weather was still just as awfully cold. There really wasn't a person out in the streets this early in the morning, and moreover, no one would know Caesar in a place like Planet Rennes, all would be well so long as he doesn't run into an acquaintance.
Thinking about it like that, Lin Yuan could no longer resist and was tightly held by Caesar.
Today's snowfall was not too heavy and the air temperature was not as cold as it was last night. Bits and pieces of snowflakes dance in the air however the wind blows. The buildings in the distance and the streets in the vicinity are all covered by a thick layer of snow, it looked like the white snow stretched on for an eternity before their eyes.
Lin Yuan took Caesar’s hand and led him down the street, fearing that he would be frozen into a popsicle, and even thoughtfully put Caesar’s hand into his own pocket.
Being led by Xiao Yuan as they held hands and walked the roads, listening to him giving an introduction of the various sceneries and social customs of Planet Rennes, Caesar was very happy and the vast expanse of the whiteness of the snow scenery here looked more and more pleasing to his eyes.
In reality, Planet Rennes does not have a specially designated scenic spot, the entire planet is a world of ice and snow and you can enjoy the magnificent snowy scenery no matter where you go.
Of course, if you want to see the panoramic view of the town, you can still go to a nearby sightseeing establishment to take a suspension car.
Lin Yuan took Caesar on a suspension car tour. The sealed suspension car was like a glass ball and the scenery outside could be admired from all directions.
The two stood side by side, looking at the boundless snowfield below their feet, Lin Yuan excitedly gave an introduction: “The one up head is the
Gudao
Icefield, there isn't anyone living there, it is said that the snow there is very deep and underneath it is a thick layer of ice.”
(
TN
: Leaving it in Chinese because it doesn't make much sense in English. Gudao means Isle of Grain (corn/grain, island)… Isle of Grain Icefield… Grain Island Icefield…. Yeah, I don't think so lmao.)
“Gudao Icefield?” Caesar followed along with Lin Yuan’s introduction and looked below him. The boundless icefield stretches out very extensively and there is no end in sight at all. This is the largest icefield in the whole Empire, it's surface area even surpassed Po Military Starfield's Sherman Forest.
Seeing Lin Yuan’s excited look, Caesar couldn’t help smiling as he said: “Do you like traveling a lot?”
Lin Yuan nodded and said: “Yeah.”
Caesar suddenly held Lin Yuan 's hand gently, interlocking his fingers together, and said softly: "When there is a chance in the future, I'll take you to check out another galaxy… we'll go traveling together, how about it?"
Lin Yuan turned his head around to be met with Caesar’s deep gaze, his heart skipped a beat, and before he had time to look away, Caesar gently pinched his chin and kissed him softly.
“Mnn……”
Lin Yuan, who was given a surprise attack kiss, panicked for a moment, but quickly calmed down and shakily responded with a red face.
There are large, boundless snowfields at their feet, the snowflakes in the sky still continue falling, dancing in the breeze, and there seems to be only the purest white left between the sky and the ground. The two people hug and kiss in the suspension car unruffled by sentiment and the vast field of snow outside has become the most beautiful backdrop for their kiss.
“Mm… mmph… mn…”
A pure kiss without any lust, the gentleness and softness intoxicate one's heart.
Lin Yuan couldn’t help but wrap his arms around Caesar’s neck and opened his mouth to move with him, letting him get his fill of kissing.
There was only each other between the vast and obscure sky and ground, and Lin Yuan’s heart suddenly beat like a drum, as if— when he has Caesar with him, he has the whole world.
Lin Yuan took Caesar to see the snowy scenery for the full day and it wasn’t until half-past six when dinner time came around that the two of them came back after enjoying themselves to the fullest extent.
Despite a full day of playing around, he didn’t feel the slightest bit tired at all, he was currently in a constant state of extreme happiness and excitement. On the way back, Lin Yuan was still planning to take Caesar to the ski slopes tomorrow for skiing. Caesar also expressed his feelings of looking forward to it.
When they arrived home, Mrs. Lin was preparing dinner. Caesar took off his thick coat and hat, then took the initiative to go to the kitchen to help out. Lin Yuan also followed Caesar to help, but ended up being shooed out by Lin Yao, “You kitchen disaster, don't come cause trouble, go with Caesar to watch TV!”
Lin Yuan’s cooking skills were indeed bad, the vegetables were cut crookedly and misshapen. Being kicked out by Lin Yao, he had no other choice but to helplessly say to Caesar, “Let’s go sit in the living room for a bit.”
Lin Yuan had Caesar sit down on the sofa, switched the TV on, and turned around to pour him a cup of hot water before taking a seat beside him.
The two did not have much interest in TV series, movies, and whatnot, Lin Yuan took the remote control to mindlessly change channels, and when he switched to the Emperor's XX Department Channel, he suddenly saw a black and white funeral portrait on the screen, the announcer was right in the middle of reading a message in a serious tone—
“The head of the Glory Legion, Rosen Bessemer, the Marshal of the Empire, was met with an ambush by the Federation's Legions while leading the Glory Legion on a campaign to Naomi Star. His whereabouts had remained a mystery for many days. At eight o’clock this morning, the deputy head of the Glory Legion, Lieutenant General Kerriman, led the private guards into the cosmic wormhole and found a large quantity of mech fragment remains. The Mech Association verified that the fragments were all from Marshal Rosen 's personal mech, Black Dragon…”
“After careful investigation, the military department has confirmed that the Black Dragon’s intelligence is no more, and the Marshal piloting Black Dragon has long since been killed in the cosmic wormhole. The military department has no choice but to announce this grievous news to the people of the Empire and it has been decided that the Black Dragon’s mech wreckage will be transported back to Cepheus where a formal military ceremony will be held for the Marshal in three days time…”
On the screen was the image of Black Dragon's remains. The scene the 3D lens shot was extremely lifelike. In the mass of black mech wreckage was a splash of gold— naturally, it was Black Dragon's eyes, the originally dazzling gold had grown dull and lightless from being coated in the cosmic dust.
A bulk of mech wreckage was loaded on a large carrier vehicle and was set to be transported to Cepheus.
The senior officers of the Glory Legion were neatly arranged in a row, giving the military salute towards the remains of the Black Dragon. The black ramrod-straight military uniforms make the soldiers look very tall and upright, but their faces are nevertheless grim.
The stifling atmosphere of the scene was like a silent burial.
Lin Yuan’s ears were buzzing and he couldn’t understand what the announcer was talking about. He sat stiffly on the sofa, the remote control in his hand dropped to the ground with a crack.
Caesar looked at Xiao Yuan’s pale face, the pain of his heart being broken into pieces nearly made him crazy.
He had lied to Xiao Yuan, saying that he could not reach the Marshal because the destruction of the space station had affected the signal. He thought that the Marshal was only temporarily missing for all this time, and the Hydra Legion would definitely find the Marshal…
How could the Marshal have lost his life? How could he have reached this kind of end?!
Looking at the funeral portrait of the man on the screen, Caesar’s entire heart seized— he didn’t know how to face Lin Yuan. Lin Yuan's appearance as he stared blankly at the TV made his heart shatter until it couldn't be shattered anymore.
Caesar took a deep breath and ultimately held Lin Yuan’s hand gently, whispering: “Xiao Yuan…”
Before he could utter a word of comfort, Lin Yuan’s hand slightly trembled, turned his head around, and suddenly fell into Caesar’s arms, burying his head into his chest.
Caesar immediately tightened the hug and gently stroked his hair.
Lin Yuan 's tears suddenly poured down, like turning a faucet being turned on, the scalding hot tears continued to roll down his cheeks, quickly soaking the sweater on Caesar 's chest…
Seeing the always optimistic and lively little monster throwing himself into his arms and noiselessly weeping, he felt his terrible sadness and his body's violent trembles. Caesar felt so pained that he couldn’t even say a word of comfort.
(
TN
: Specially dedicated to Maddy who donated some Kofi to me, thank you so much, I really wasn’t expected it. I didn’t read the notification until a few days ago or I would have definitely thrown aside my schoolwork sooner to get this chapter out lol!)
Chapter 99: Unprecedented Incident
Lin Yuan didn’t know how he should express his sadness. Looking at the black and white funeral portrait on the TV screen, the man in the photo held a solemn expression, his gaze was frigid and composed. To the naked eye, he seemed hard to approach, only Lin Yuan knew how warm of a person he really was.
—Rosen Bessemer, his biological father.
He had once hugged him, saying: Son, Father will protect you, I won’t let you suffer any more grievances.
He once looked at him tenderly, saying: Xiao Yuan, I will bring your dad back. A day will come when our family of three will reunite.
Before going off into battle, he even smiled and said to him: Don't worry.
Such a strong, warm, and comforting father is now buried in a cosmic wormhole. There wasn’t a single bone of him left, the only thing left behind was the mass of splintered mech remains, which was to be transported back to the Capital Star and buried by the military.
—Father and son had just gotten to know each other not too long ago and he himself had not even called him father more than 10 times.
—How can he just leave like this?
—Dad’s whereabouts are still unknown, has this so-called day for this family of three’s reunion been turned into nothing but a pipe dream just like that?
Lin Yuan buried his face in Caesar's arms and silently wept bitter tears.
He had never shed this many tears before in his entire life, but he couldn't hold any back.
The pain of losing a most treasured loved one can't be described with any normal words. His tears rushed out like roaring streams of water, his vision blurred, and no words were able to leave his throat as if it was blocked off.
Only tears can be used to drain his sadness dry.
As Lin Yuan wept in his arms, Caesar gently caressed his hair over and over again, he wasn’t even able to say the compelling line of "Don’t cry"— because he knew for Lin Yuan to vent his emotions, crying was the best way.
Although Caesar hasn’t personally experienced the pain of losing a close relative, if it was his mother or father who had been met with misfortune, Caesar believed that… he himself may not be able to hold back his tears
Not to mention Xiao Yuan.
He had greatly admired the Marshal ever since he was a child and it hadn’t even been that long since he got to know the Marshal. This tragic news was like shattering the world they had just built into pieces.
After the happiness of the father and son meeting each other, the pain of parting was even stronger.
Finding out that Rosen is his father, then having his father die, that is even more saddening than never having a father at all.
Under Caesar’s patient placation, Lin Yuan's mood leveled out and while his tears had stopped, the reddened rims of his eyes appeared pitiful.
Seeing the appearance of the little monster's red eyes, Caesar couldn't help but stretch out his hand in distress, gently helping him to wipe the remaining tears stains off his face, saying softly: "Xiao Yuan, you go take a minute in the bedroom… I’m going to talk with your mother over there…"
Lin Yuan nodded and moved towards his bedroom with his head down.
His current state is clearly not in the right mindset for eating dinner, but if Mrs. Lin grows aware, it will become even more troublesome.
Caesar sent Lin Yuan back to his bedroom and then turned to the kitchen. Mrs. Lin hurriedly said with a smile, "Caesar, are you guys hungry? The food is ready, we’ll get to serving it right away."
Caesar said: "Auntie, Xiao Yuan is feeling unwell. He went back to his room to get some rest. He won’t be having dinner with us. I’ll save him a bit to eat and bring it to him later."
Mrs. Lin stared blankly for a while and worriedly saying: "Feeling unwell? What's wrong with him?"
Caesar said: "He caught a cold when we went out today. You can rest assured that I had him take some medicine and go lay down."
Seeing Caesar's face was serious and being that her son's health was always very good, catching a cold couldn’t be considered a serious illness. Mrs. Lin felt relieved and served all the dishes with Lin Yao, the three of them started dinner.
At seven o'clock in the evening, the Empire’s national news channel once again solemnly reported the news of the Marshal's sacrifice.
Mrs. Lin looked at the funeral portrait on the screen, startled, and said in wonder: "Why does this person seem a bit familiar?"
Lin Yao said, "Mom, did you forget? That one instructor who came to our house that one time looks a bit like the Marshal." After a pause, she bemoaned, "It's truly a pity that our Empire lost such a good Marshal."
Mrs. Lin also sighed and said: "This is just how it is on a battlefield, you are liable to lose your life at any moment."
Listening to the mother and daughter's comments, Caesar's mood grew particularly mixed— towards the masses, the Marshal's sacrifice may be regrettable or saddening, but the only one who would find it painful upon finding out is Lin Yuan.
Because Rosen wasn't just the Marshal of the Empire or the peoples’ idol, he was also his biological father, their connections running deeper than the blood in their veins.
Knowing that Lin Yuan wanted to have some alone time, Caesar would give him enough time to collect himself.
After having dinner with Mrs. Lin and Lin Yao and waiting for the mother and daughter to return to their respective rooms to rest, Caesar gathered some of the food specially reserved for Lin Yuan and turned to enter Lin Yuan's room.
Lin Yuan was sitting on his bedside, staring at something solemnly with his head hung low.
Caesar came up to his side and sat down, only to realize— in his hands, Lin Yuan held the electronic notebook that Rosen had personally given him in the mech training room— written in the notebook was a plethora of mech operation techniques, each and every line was written by Rosen himself, for many of the pointers, there were even clarifying annotations attentively written down. His handwriting was as neat as if it had been typed out.
It was these personally written notes that allowed Lin Yuan’s level of mech operation to gain a significant leap. He even rose above others during the school competition and obtained the qualifications to represent the school in the national mecha competition.
Even right up until this moment, Lin Yuan was unable to accept such a cruel reality.
Father has died, this notebook is the only remnant he had left for him.
The fingers clutching the electronic notebook looked white from his too forceful grip. Thinking of how not too long before, that man had personally coached him hidden within Black Dragon’s control cabin, Lin Yuan felt as if a knife was being driven in his heart.
As soon as he saw this notebook, Caesar knew what Lin Yuan was thinking of.
Back then, the scene of the father and son operating mech in battle from inside the mech training room was fresh in his mind, thinking about it now, however, it feels as if it was worlds away. As an observer, Caesar is the one who can understand Lin Yuan's pain the best.
Seeing Lin Yuan's despondent head drooping down, Caesar couldn't help but stretch out his hand, gently holding the back of Lin Yuan's hand, and the other hand tenderly pulled him into his arms and whispered, "Cry when you’re sad, don’t hold it in…"
Lin Yuan did not cry, but instead put the notebook in his hand down and reached out to tightly hug Caesar back.
In the time of his greatest pain, only Caesar's embrace made him feel a touch of warmth.
Only after a good while did Lin Yuan whisper: "I just looked it up online. The military department’s official website has given a detailed explanation of Father’s death. He was drawn into a cosmic wormhole a month ago. There isn’t a single person who could bear the force of the spatial shocks, both he and Black Dragon have… been compressed into pieces by the spatial shocks…"
Detecting Lin Yuan ’s tremors, Caesar could only patiently, as well as tenderly, lightly stroke his back.
Lin Yuan took a deep breath and stabilized his emotions. He then looked up at Caesar and said in full earnest: "Caesar, I want to go back to Cepheus, even if I can’t attend the service as his son, I should at least go to his tomb. I can’t even find out where his body is…"
Caesar went quiet for a moment, then immediately nodded in understanding, "Okay, I'll accompany you there. I'll help you arrange this."
Lin Yuan nodded and tightly hugged Caesar again.
In his most despairing and helpless time, it is already the most fortunate thing for him to have Caesar by his side.
Lin Yuan didn't have a single bite that night. Although the dishes sent by Caesar were delicious, he had no appetite.
Lin Yuan was in a despondent mood and felt not a tad bit sleepy. Caesar had been chatting with him from the get-go, the two of them couldn't get to sleep the whole night.
In the early hours of the morning, Caesar's communicator suddenly dinged and special platinum-gold cryptographic numbers formed a complex pentagonal shape, which naturally came from the Imperial Palace’s ciphertext.
Caesar immediately locked the door and switched the communicator on—
Surprisingly, it was Berg Wang Shu who appeared on the screen. Berg was wearing a neatly-pressed green military uniform, the military cap he wore covered half of his face, but Caesar recognized him at a glance, saying in surprise: "Wang Shu?"
Berg nodded and said sharply: "Caesar, take Xiao Yuan to Planet Oman and rendezvous with Brian right away. There will be someone to meet up with you there. Also, tell Xiao Yuan that his father is not dead… The two of you, come and meet me at Naomi Star together, as soon as possible!"
Lin Yuan's eyes widened in shock, "M-My father isn’t dead?! What's going on?"
For him, this news is undoubtedly a shift from hell to heaven. He didn’t know Berg, but since Caesar called this man
Wang Shu
, what this person said certainly carries a lot of weight!
(
TN
: Wang Shu- Royal Uncle.)
Berg said: "Xiao Yuan, I don't have much time to explain to you, go to Planet Oman to find and meet up with Brian immediately."
Although Caesar's heart was also matchlessly shocked, he had been groomed as the heir to the throne from a child and leveled out his thoughts regardless. He nodded and said: "I understand, Wang Shu, we will set off at once."
Berg nodded and hung up the communicator quite bluntly. He also seemed to be tucked away in some corner, secretly sending messages, obviously the situation was quite grave. Although Caesar did not know what happened, he was keenly aware of an immense looming crisis.
Caesar put away the communicator, turned to hold Lin Yuan's hand, and whispered: "I'll tell your mother and sister that we're going to go back to school. Hurry and pack your bags. We will be leaving in ten minutes.
Lin Yuan nodded in response, "Okay!"
At this time, Oman Planet.
Brian has been living in the little house SNow had rented out for these past two days.
The area of ​​the house is very small and the small space of more than 20 square meters is broken into a small bedroom, bathroom and kitchen. It is difficult for Brian to imagine that Snow has been living all by himself in such a place for all these years.
No parents, no relatives, Snow only had himself to rely on to support himself for the five years from the age of 13 to 18. He has worked odd jobs in various shops. With the help of the meager savings Dr. Wald had set aside and his pair of little dexterous hands, the small child scraped by.
Let alone the fact that he was an Omega, giving him constant worries about his identity being discovered all the while maintaining his livelihood.
The reason why Snow chose to test into St. Romia Military Academy was also very simple— although this school has the highest enrollment score, there were tuition exemptions and living subsidies for the orphans like him who can’t even afford tuition fees, testing into this school was the only way for him to take the next step.
In order to be admitted to this school's medical school, Snow worked himself to his bones. The tiny quarters did not have a study, there was only a simple and crude hand-made bookshelf beside the bed made up of cardboard boxes. The shelves were filled with all kinds of books and exam prep materials…
Brian looked at the rudimentary bookshelf and felt so much pity, he didn’t know what to say.
When he first saw Snow, he was attracted by Snow's delicate and pretty appearance and the kind of indifferent pridefulness he exuded. He even thought that Snow's pridefulness was because his family situation was too well-off, believing that everyone else was beneath them. It wasn’t until this very moment that Brian truly realized that Snow’s coldness and detachment towards others were because he had gotten used to using an ice-cold outer shell as a defense mechanism.
The so-called indifference and arrogance were only to protect himself and nothing more…
Today, accompanying Snow to sweep Dr. Wald's grave, sensing Snow's low mood, Brian was endlessly distressed.
Brian could hardly imagine how much hardship Little Snow had gone through in order to strenuously provide for himself with his own two hands after Dr. Wald's passing…
Looking at Snow ’s humble abode and cardboard bookcase crammed full of medical books, a crazed thought suddenly formed in Brian’s mind— to carefully protect this person, protect him in his arms, and never let him receive the slightest bit of harm again.
The strong possessiveness and protective desire of an Alpha’s nature reached its peak at this moment.
Looking at the youth in front of him, it seemed that even the blood in his body would boil.
Snow, in his heart, was actually feeling very uncomfortable. This little room has been a secret he buried in the bottom of his heart, stowed with the entirety of his youth and dreams. Now bringing Brian back here, it was like uncovering his innermost secrets and scars for Brian to observe.
Snow felt that Brian most definitely couldn’t accustom himself to this. After all, it was small and cold here, it was totally incomparable to the ginormous residence of the Bayh Family.
He originally wanted Brian to go to the hotel. Unexpectedly, Brian not only did not turn his back to it but was instead quite happily insisting on staying here. Brian, who could still be regarded as upright and well-behaved, suddenly used "too cold" as an excuse to honorably and justly hold Snow tightly in his embrace.
Sensing that the youth in his arms stiffened in a moment's pause, Brian gently touched his back, lowly calling to him: "Snow."
Snow responded awkwardly: "…what is it?"
Brian tightened up his arms and with a soft tone, said: "I never would have thought that you would have gone through so much before…"
Snow rushed to cut him off, "That’s all in the past, there’s no need to sympathize with me."
Brian smiled and kissed Snow's forehead, pressing up against his lips, his said: "It's not sympathy… I want to say, no matter what you have gone through in the past— from now on, you’ll have me at your side."
Snow: "………"
Brian said: "I will never leave you, even if you drive me away, I’ll stick myself to you."
Snow: "………"
Looking up at Brian, this usually very improper and unruly boy, the expression in his eyes was incomparably earnest, earnest enough to make Snow's heart fall into sudden trembles.
—From now on, you’ll have me at your side.
—I will never leave you.
Two simple sentences actually made him feel warmer than an "I love you".
Yes, the sticky candy that he couldn’t get rid of that always follows after him. Snow no longer worries about himself being alone anymore.
In times of coldness, there is such a person to hold him.
Coming back home in the dead of night, there will be such a person dedicatedly waiting for him with the lights on.
What could be rarer than this sincerity?
Snow remained silent for a long time, before finally lowering his eyes, gently returning Brian’s embrace, nestled his face into his chest, and quietly said: "En."
Brian smiled, pleasantly surprised: "What does that mean? Is that you saying you’ve decided to accept me? While we’re on the topic, it seems you’ve never said that you like me before, Snow, in reality, you have me in your heart too, don’t you? You’re just too shy to say it… mmn… "
To prevent Brian from going down another tirade, Snow straightforwardly lifted his head and kissed him gently.
Brian's words were interrupted by a kiss, the cool touch on his lips made his heart suddenly blaze with a raging fire.
It was evident that Snow did not know how to kiss, but he simply kissed Brian on his lips then withdrew back with his ears flushed red. Brian naturally wasn’t about to let him go, he extended his arms and wrapped them around his waist, seizing the opportunity to enthusiastically kiss him back.
If it were not for this place being too shabby and cold, Snow couldn’t have been so rushed for his first time. Brian really wanted to eat this bashfully spontaneous Snow up… Unfortunately, for now, he can only kiss him and touch him a bit to parch his thirst.
The kisses grew more and more impassioned, Brain's hand snaked its way into Snow's clothes, running down his smooth abdomen, he pulled the bands of his underwear open, and lightly grasped that sensitive place with his hand.
Snow's body suddenly stiffened, his breathing grew heavier as his face flushed red, "Mnn… don't, don't touch… mnn…"
Brian kissed him as he used his hand to stroke there, feeling that sensitive place gradually growing larger in his hand, there was even a nice faint blush on Snow's face and Brian put even more effort into his motions.
That sensitive area that has never been touched by anyone before, being skillfully tugged and stroked, the feeling of his body being played with was extremely shameful, but the strong pleasure that rose from the base of his spine nearly burned away his consciousness…
The originally cold room gradually heated up, there was a layer of sweat forming on Snow's back.
Snow rigidly grabbed Brian's hand, "Brian … let, let go… don't do it, mnn…"
Snow usually has very little sexual urges and his body's reaction is so sensitive that its light pink color makes one itch to put it in their mouth. Brian gave it a thought, he then bluntly released the grip on his hand, squeezed into the quilt, and directly wrapped his mouth around his erection.
"Ah……"
The sound of his rushed breaths was like music to his ears.
Brian sucked Snow with his mouth and noticing Snow's unceasing trembles, the happiness swelling in the bottom of his heart pushed him to work even harder, and his tongue lightly licked along the contour of his length, even the hole on his sensitive tip wasn’t forgotten, he didn’t neglect to massage the round sacs at the base either…
"Ah… mmph… Bri-Brian… ah…"
Snow didn't expect this at all. He just took the initiative to kiss him in order to shut him up, he didn’t expect to end up with these kinds of consequences.
The strong sense of shame of being brought pleasure by the other’s mouth, mixed with the unfamiliar sensation in his body, repeatedly eroded away the sense of imminent danger approaching the walls of his rationality.
The moment when Brian sucked particularly hard, Snow's mind suddenly went blank, his body fell into a fit of violent shudders and he came all into Brian's mouth.
In this instant, a loud noise rang in his ear all the while—
The poor little wooden bed finally could not bear their combined weight and after a burst of creaking sounds, it collapsed with a bang.
Snow: "………"
Brian: "………"
The two of them fell to the ground and with their eyes widened.
In response to his little wooden bed being crushed, Snow's face abruptly went red, embarrassed to the point not knowing what to do.
Brian licked the white residue on his lips clean, all with a smile. He pressed a kiss to Snow's lips and said: "I’m sorry that your bed is broken… One of these days, I’ll buy you a new one."
Snow: "………"
Snow, who bore himself under the quilt in embarrassment, saw a different kind of cuteness in Brian's eyes.
Stretching out his long arms and hugging the quilt, Brian said happily: "I will buy you a little bit nicer double bed."
Right at this moment, the communicator suddenly rang.
Brian looked at Berg on the screen and froze in place, "Dad?"
Berg glanced at his son insipidly and said: "Brian, Caesar and Xiao Yuan will be coming to rendezvous with you very soon. I will arrange for someone to provide backup, I’ll give you ten minutes to reach the address I’m giving you… "
Berg typed out the address and bluntly hung up the communicator altogether.
Brian looked at the address, suddenly dumbfounded—
After less than two days of having alone time with Snow, his dad is sending two super-large
light bulbs
in the form of Caesar and the little monster over to rendezvous?
(
TN
: Third-wheels)
Despite being a bit depressed in his heart, Berg’s grave expression was obviously not kidding around. Brian was forced to lift the quilt off, pull the blushing Snow from the bed, and swiftly find him a set of clean clothes, saying: "Quickly put these on. Caesar and Lin Yuan are coming, it seems like something happened, we are going to go meet up with them."
Snow says no more and changes his clothes as quickly as possible.
Brian was just about to turn and go out, but Snow suddenly caught him and whispered: "You…"
Brian asked in confusion: "What's wrong with me?"
Snow blushed and pointed to the corner of Brian's mouth.
Brian came to an understanding and stuck his tongue out to lick the white residue on his lips clean, leaning into Snow's ear, he said, "This is your taste…"
Snow went red in the face and ruthlessly beat him with his fist: "Don’t say anything!"
Snow was unavoidably ashamed into anger and Brian wasted no time and cleverly shut his mouth. He took Snow's hand all smiles and led him to the place designated by his father.
Chapter 100: Rendezvous
Lin Yuan hastily said goodbye to his mother and sister under the pretext of "having an urgent matter to go back to school for." At 1 a.m., there was no passenger spacecraft coming and going from Planet Rennes and Planet Oman. Caesar simply took Lin Yuan into White Feather's control cabin and the two took White Feather straight to Planet Oman.
Snow and Brian soon reached the coordinates designated by Berg, the two looked at the building in front of them couldn't help but freeze in place— there was not a person in sight in this place, it seemed exceedingly hidden and desolate, the three-story building had stood under both rain and shine to the extent that even the coloring was indistinguishable, even the corners were covered with a sea of large cobwebs. Clearly, this place was uninhabited.
Why did Dad choose this as the rendezvous spot?
Brian checked the coordinates sent by Berg again in doubt and once more confirmed that they were correct. He then turned back to Snow and said: "What is this place, you got any clue?"
After all, Snow grew up on Planet Oman, Brian only asked him just to chance it, but unexpectedly, as soon as his words came out, Snow’s complexion immediately went white and he took a step forward with a complicated expression on his face. Facing the towering metal door that was nearly taken with rust, he softly tapped his right index finger on the fingerprint sensor—
A shocking scene followed suit—
He saw the heavy metal door creak open little by little in front of Snow!
The rusty door let out a wailing shriek when it opened and in the wake of the door opening, a quiet corridor that stretched down into darkness now appeared in front of them. There was not a sliver of light in the corridor. The pitch-black corridor was like the bloody maw of a beast, waiting outstretched as if biding its time to ruthlessly engulf everything inside without a single morsel left behind.
An unwelcoming chill climbed up his spine and Brian immediately took Snow's hand and said in a low voice: "Don't go in first."
Snow kept silent for a moment and then said softly: "…it's alright, I recognize this place. This is Uncle Wald's underground laboratory. Back when I was a kid, it was here… he kept me frozen for five years."
Brian froze, seeing Snow's pale complexion, he immediately gave his hand a tight squeeze, “We should still tread with a bit of caution… I'll walk in front, you follow behind me." Brian pointed to the space button on his wrist and ordered: "Little Blue, turn on the detection system and lead the way."
Little Blue obediently responded: "Got it, Master!"
A blue light shone from the space button on Brian's wrist, illuminating the dark corridor.
Brian held Snow's hand tightly and guided him down the never-ending corridor.
As soon as the two took the first steps in, the door behind them slammed shut. Brian paused, asking Snow in a low voice: "You used to stay here, are there any hidden contraptions in this laboratory that need to be taken note of?"
Brian had heard that when some secret laboratories are invaded by outsiders, the smart control center will automatically enable the hidden contraptions, releasing poisonous gas or detonate the laboratory, thereby destroying the experimental data and within that, annihilating the intruders. He’s never been to this place before, so he naturally has to be all the more on his toes.
Seeing Brian's tense appearance, Snow wasted no time in quietly saying: "Don't worry, this is Uncle Wald's secret laboratory for researching organ transplantation. In the many years following his death, no one has come here. Your dad chose this for our rendezvous, the people coming in for backup should be people of the Undercurrent. Apart from being Uncle Wald’s laboratory, this place is also a stronghold for the members of the Undercurrent Organization residing on Planet Oman."
Only then did Brian nod his head at ease and led Snow forward.
In the quiet space, only the light cast by the mech lights up the area in front of them, everything else is completely dark. The footsteps of the two distinctly echoed back to their ears, forming a tense melody with the rising and falling of their hearts beating…
After walking down the long corridor for a long time, it finally came to an end. Snow used his fingerprint to open the metal door in front of them— surprisingly, the lights in this laboratory were actually lit, the bright incandescent light exposed the laboratory’s inner furnishings clear as day. A large number of testing instruments exude a cold luster under the light, and some human organ models are placed in the surrounding transparent glass display windows.
In the center of the laboratory, there is a transparent cryogenic freezing pod more than one meter long.
Seeing that cryptogenic freezing pod, a sudden stiffness wracked his spine. The memories of being frozen as a child emerged from the depths of his mind. An ice-cold chill gradually rose from the bottom of his feet and spread throughout his whole body, like he had regressed back to those five years of lost consciousness and being drowned in freezing cold nutrient fluid.
Brian noticed his abnormal response and immediately stretched out his arms, gently hugged him close, and spoke in a hushed tone: "Don't be afraid, it's all in the past."
Snow buried his face in Brian ’s warm arms and took a deep breath. Then he raised his head and said: “It ’s alright… I spent five years in this lab when I was a kid, for now, it’s a bit… too hard to adapt, that’s all." Snow took a sweeping glance around the laboratory and changed the topic, "The lights are on, someone should have already been here. Could it be who your dad sent to help us?"
Right at this moment, the door of a partitioned off area in the laboratory was suddenly opened and a young man came out of it— only seeing that the man’s figure was thin, his terribly messy hair seemed to have not been taken care of in a long time, and every article of clothing on his body was also wrinkled, his slovenly appearance looked very dismal… His exceptionally clear and bright eyes, however, stick out like a sore thumb with his disordered style of dress.
Even more ridiculous was that this man seems to be an Omega…
Although due to the injection of inhibitors, his pheromone smelled a lot like Beta, it was also similar to an Omega. Snow could vaguely pick up the Omega scent on his body. Moreover, all of the members of the Undercurrent are Omega, Snow can determine the identity of the other party.
Snow gave him a glance and said: "Hello, is Uncle Berg the one having you meet up with us here?"
When the young man saw the two, he looked distracted before he quickly responded, saying with a light chuckle: "That’s right, you’re Ling Feng’s son, Snow, was it? Didn’t you live in the underground city for a year when you were little? Even seeing you now… I didn't expect you to grow so much."
Snow stared blankly for a moment, and asked in suspicion: "Are you…"
The young man scratched his messy hair and smiled as he said: "I'm Dave."
Only then did Snow recall, in that year when dad took him back to live in the underground city, he did indeed meet an Omega named Dave, he seemed to be a mech making master, very talented in the mech manufacturing field. This person's character was eccentric. He studied mechs from dusk to dawn, where he would often neglect sleep and forget to eat. He also couldn’t be bothered to tidy up his hair, always giving people the misconception of being deranged.
Snow looked at the man in front of him, just as sloppy of an appearance as before, and couldn't help but smile, saying: "Uncle Dave, I remember you."
Dave very happily reached out and touched Snow's hair: "Little Snow, you’re still so obedient after growing up. Is your dad still doing well?"
Snow nodded and said: "He's doing very well."
The two chatted and tossed Brian off to the side. There seems to be a strange intimate Omega on Omega aura, making it so that Brian, who is an Alpha, can't even butt in and can only sourly stand beside him without saying a word.
After a while had gone by, there was another noise outside the door, Caesar and Lin Yuan walked in together.
Brian saw Caesar and hurried over to him and said: "Caesar, my dad suddenly summoned us to meet up with each other. What the hell is going on?"
Caesar whispered: "Have you not seen the news? The news just announced the Marshal's death, but Uncle told us that the Marshal hasn’t died… I don't know the specific circumstances either, he had us rendezvous to make our way over to Naomi Star and find him."
Brian turned back and looked at Snow in surprise. He and Snow really hadn’t seen the news in these past two days. Unexpectedly, in just two short days, the world outside had already gone to hell.
Seeing Lin Yuan's despondent appearance with his head drooping down, Snow rushed over in front of him, holding his hand in distress.
Lin Yuan looked up at his brother and feigned an undisturbed smile as he said: "It's okay, I believe my father must still be alive."
Snow lightly patted Lin Yuan's hand to show comfort.
Caesar looked back at the strange young man and said: "Are you the one Wang Shu sent to meet us?"
Dave nodded and said: "Correct, little prince, my name is Dave. We’ll set off as soon as everyone is gathered."
Lin Yuan wondered aloud: "Who else are we waiting on?"
At this moment, two men walked in one after the other. One of them was a bit rounded, with a gentle smile on his face, and the other looked a bit on the lazy side, but he donned a dark blue, well-ironed, military uniform.
Seeing these two, Lin Yuan's eyes widened in shock: "Master! Uncle Fornt, why are you here?"
It was Dr. Fornt and Lieutenant Colonel Zhou Yi who had walked in one behind the other.
Zhou Yi saw Lin Yuan and immediately reached out, firmly rubbing his apprentice's hair, saying with a smile: "Fornt and I received a notice from Berg that the General is now missing and we can't hide it away any longer. "
Lin Yuan said in shock: "General…?"
Fornt explained with a smile: "Xiao Yuan, in fact, Master Zhou Yi and I are both former soldiers of the Dark Night Legion. Back when the General left, he entrusted us with taking care of you on Planet Rennes. Zhou Yi took you as his disciple and trained your body in the martial arts, these were also the General’s instructions."
Lin Yuan: "…………"
No wonder Uncle Fornt and Master Zhou Yi have always been so kind to him, it was as if they were looking after their own sons.
—It turns out that this was set up by Ling Yu.
Thinking of the man who once held himself in his arms and tenderly fed him, Lin Yuan ’s nose suddenly soured— With his dad being a General, he may have been forced to leave his young self for other reasons, but dad never forgot him and even arranged to have such highly trusted subordinates around him to put their hearts and souls into teaching him and taking care of him.
Lin Yuan longed to see his dad for so many years but never even consider that maybe his dad never truly left his side.
Seeing the little guy’s touched appearance, his eyes moistening, Zhou Yi couldn't help but openly smile, patting Lin Yuan's head lightly, and said, "Don't get all touchy-feely now, your dad's whereabouts are currently unknown, we gotta find him pronto."
Lin Yuan froze for a moment, "Missing? Shouldn't there be a go-between connection between you and dad?"
Zhou Yi said helplessly: "It was true that we were in contact before, but now, our connection has been cut off and we don't know where the General is. Prince Berg sent a message to have a rendezvous with you here out of nowhere… We don't know the specific circumstances, let’s talk it over again when we see him."
Lin Yuan hastily nodded, looked back at Dave, saying: "Can we go?"
Dave scratched his head and said: "Everyone is here, so let's get going."
Dave went straight to summoning a large-scale transport mech, which was a work he too personally crafted. Although the offense system is not on the same level as the formidable power of an S-Class mech, the navigation speed and transportation ability of this mech is not too far off than that of an S-Class mech.
Everyone stood in the control cabin. After a moment of silence, Zhou Yi aimed a look at Caesar and asked Lin Yuan, "This is?"
Lin Yuan rushed to give an introduction: "Master, he is the young prince, Caesar."
Zhou Yi oh’d, showing disinterest towards the young prince.
A drop of cold sweat suddenly rolled down Caesar's forehead. Fortunately, Xiao Yuan had learned well, so he didn't directly introduce him as "this is my Alpha". If not, with this Master's frank temper and deft hand, whether or not he will chop Caesar up into bits was up to chance.
After repeatedly going through space jumps, they all finally reached the Isville Galaxy at 10 pm the next day.
Not long ago, the chaos of war at the Naomi Star Space Station on the outermost edge of the Isville Galaxy in ruins. Now, the space station had gone through emergency repairs. Stemming from the fear of the Federation troops making a comeback, the Glory Legion dispatched many soldiers to patrol to and fro, the entire space station was heavily guarded, not even a fly could make its way through.
Dave had the mech stay outside the galaxy and rung up his personal communicator, getting in touch with Berg.
Berg was currently situated at the encampment of the Hydra Legion on Naomi Star, still disguised as a soldier beside Drew, wearing a trim dark green military uniform with a mask on his face.
Seeing everyone in the control cabin, Berg was relieved and said in a quiet voice: "Dave, is everyone here? At 1 in the morning, the patrol staff of the Naomi Star Space Fortress will be replaced. When the moment comes, Drew will think of a way to make a racket over at the space station. You will take the opportunity to pass through the space fortress and fly directly to the coordinates I specified."
Berg sent the position the coordinate to Dave, lowering his voice, he said: "This is the Dark Night Legion’s underground military base on Naomi Star. Please contact me after you arrive."
Dave quickly nodded and said: "Got it, Boss!"
Brian nervously walked in front of the communicator, wanting to ask him something. Berg glanced at his son and said softly: "Don't ask too many questions, I will explain everything to you when the time comes."
He hung up the communicator right after he spoke.
Caesar could not help but wrinkle his brow— it seems that Naomi Star is already under the supervision of the military, and the back and forth communication signals will be filtered by the defense network of the military. The special communication ciphertext Berg and Dave are using is clearly coming through the Undercurrent. The coding skillfully evaded the defense network's interception, it was inconvenient to say much, seemingly because it would be discovered by the military defense network in time.
The Hydra Legion and the Glory Legion are both stationed at Naomi Star… Just what is it that happened here?
This mech made by Dave has the most powerful anti-detection system. Thus, it will be no easy task for the military ’s detection system to sense this mech, while this mech can scan and monitor the scene of the space station, and project the current image to the 3D screen in front of them in real-time.
Everyone was waiting for the arrival of 1:00 a.m. at the border of the Isville Galaxy.
Because of the tense mood, no one said a word, only staring silently at the scene being monitored on the projection screen.
The hour hand finally pointed at 1 o'clock in the morning, and the space station of Naomi Star suddenly burst into a dazzling expanse of fire—
This is it!
Dave immediately piloted the mech and made a long-distance space jump the moment the space station exploded. The strong airflow caused a sudden fit of violent vibrations in the mech's control cabin, everyone inside the control cabin had their brains rattled!
When the shaking stopped, everyone was surprised to find that the mech had actually penetrated the atmosphere and landed on Naomi Star. Moreover, the location where they landed was precisely the coordinate sent by Berg— not a hairsbreadth off!
Brian looked at Dave in shock, completely unable to imagine that this sloppy Omega was so talented in mech piloting…
At this moment, a large crack split open on the landing point’s surface, like a beast with a gaping mouth, swallowing this large-mech mech whole— the time taken from beginning to end did not exceed ten seconds! In just ten short seconds, the ground immediately closed, the surrounding forest was quiet, and occasionally the cries of the wild wolves could be heard as if nothing had happened at all.
Naomi Star, the underground military base.
Everyone's mech was carried by a large lift, set safely down on the ground.
Opening the cabin door, a row of soldiers wearing dark blue military uniforms came into sight, neatly arranged in a row. When everyone came out of the control cabin, a clear voice suddenly yelled out: "Salute!"
With a swish, the uniform military salute made Lin Yuan startled and he hurriedly responded with the most proper military salute of the military school students.
Zhou Yi walked over with a smile, and gave a grinning soldier a bone-crushing hug, then gave him a firm pat on the shoulder.
The man that was also smiling said: "Lieutenant Colonel Zhou Yi, it’s been a long time since we last saw each other."
—The former battalion commander of the Dark Night Legion’s Personal Guard Battalion, Lieutenant Colonel Zhou Yi, after leaving for many years, he finally came back to his Dark Night Legion once again.
The Dark Night Legion as it is now is less than one-tenth of the size as it was in the past, and the Personal Guard Battalion has lost even more people. However, every single one out of those who remained is the cream of the crop who are willing to swear their allegiance to Ling Yu to death. Being regarded as brothers, being regarded as his hands and feet.
They have been lying dormant here for many years, finally waiting for the day they can see the light of a new day breaking through the clouds.
Shaking hands with an iron grip with Zhou Yi was Commander Errol, who was highly trusted by Ling Yu and was once the commander of the Dark Night Legion’s Vanguard Battalion.
After saying hello to several friends, Zhou Yi pulled Lin Yuan over and introduced him to the crowd: "This is the General's son, Xiao Yuan."
Having everyone’s gaze projected on Lin Yuan, made Lin Yuan a bit nervous all of a sudden. Errol stepped forward and smiled, saying: "Xiao Yuan, don’t be nervous. Most of us have met you before. Back when you were four years old, I even fed you your snacks."
A group of people laughed, "Xiao Yuan was plump when he was a kid, how come he is so thin when he’s all grown up?"
Someone inquisitively says: "His eyes are really like our General’s."
Someone raised an eyebrow and said: "No kidding, the General's son certainly looks like him."
Lin Yuan, who was surrounded by a group of people, blushed suddenly. Every single one of these high ranking officers in his dad's legion was straight-tempered and didn’t bother with niceties…
Right then, Berg came from another side passage.
Brian saw him and hurriedly went over: "Dad …"
Caesar also greeted him, "Wang Shu, this is all…"
Berg said with a smile: "You guys can come with me, I will explain to you in detail."
Zhou Yi and Fornt went back to reminisce with their old pals from the Dark Night Legion. Dave went to examine mechs. The four youths were taken by Berg to the closed conference room of the underground base.
Only after turning back to close the door, did Berg say: "The reason why I am sure that Marshal Rosen is not dead is that the mech fragments found in the cosmic wormhole by the Hydra Legion do not belong to Black Dragon, but instead, they belong to the Black Dragon's replica body."
Lin Yuan's eyes widened in shock, and a frightful thought lightly clawed its way up from the bottom of his heart: "Replica body? So, when Dad fled from Cepheus, he wasn't piloting Black Dragon’s original body…?"
Berg nodded with a smile. "That’s right, the mech that your dad was piloting when he left was the Black Dragon’s replica. I made it for him myself. I checked all the mech fragments found in the cosmic wormhole and I found something major— it ejected the escape pod before being crushed by the spatial shocks. This is the most crucial dying message set aside for me from the Replica Black Dragon."
—This is also a dying message that only Mr. Aston and Prince Berg who manufactured Black Dragon could understand.
—Finally found in the mech wreckage, that key portion of the missing metal fragments of the escape pod.
—It ejected the escape pod, saving its master."According to the description of the Legion of Glory eyewitnesses, there seemed to be two Black Dragon mechs at that time. Apparently your dad was piloting the replica of Black Dragon to save your father. If I infer correctly, they utilized the energy of the two mechs' space jumping at the same time to forcibly break through the cosmic wormhole, this is the only method they could have used to survive the spatial shocks."
"Unfortunately, because of unknown reasons, the replica did not bear the pressure of the spatial shocks. It ejected the escape pod before it was damaged. Since Black Dragon was still alive at that time, saving the escape cabin would be easy as pie for it in that case—"
Berg looked at Lin Yuan and said gently, "We spent a month scouring the whole wormhole and found no signs of damage to Black Dragon, which means that Black Dragon is still alive, Rosen and Ling Yu aren’t dead either."
Chapter 101: Departure
Volume 5. The New Era
—Black Dragon is still alive, and Rosen and Ling Yu aren’t dead either.
Berg's words finally saved Lin Yuan from the fiery depths of hell.
After learning of his father's death, the harrowing sadness made Lin Yuan's heart fall into a perpetual state of constricting and convulsing, in every breath he took, he would feel an aching hollowness in his chest. However, this pain had lasted less than a day and was superseded with the relief of the words "father" and "did not die”.
What's even more unprecedented is that his dad, Ling Yu, was together with his father!
He hasn’t been aware of his dad ’s whereabouts for many years, he looked forward to the day when he could reunite with his dad from day one. Now that he knows that his dad is likewise safe and sound without a scratch, Lin Yuan is so moved that he doesn’t even know what to say.
Seeing the little monster's eyes widen feverishly, Caesar was quick to grab Lin Yuan's hand gently and said softly: "Don't worry, with the Marshal and General Ling Yu’s abilities, as long as Black Dragon is still alive, it wouldn’t be difficult for them to pilot Black Dragon to a safe place in the universe."
Berg also nodded in agreement, "What Caesar says is right, I think that Rosen and Ling Yu are most certainly now settled temporarily on some distant planet. The reason why they haven’t returned to Naomi Star is probably because of Black Dragon’s internal energy storage being overused, so much so that it is unable to conduct a long-term excursion and space jump."
After all, Berg was the person who made the replica of Black Dragon with his own two hands. He has a very accurate grasp of the amount of energy inside the mech. Within the formidable airflow in the impending spatial shocks, the mech must have spent a lot of energy in order to maintain the equilibrium system. With the energy used up to break out of the cosmic wormhole, the energy reserve following Black Dragon’s escape should not exceed 30%.
With the cautious personalities of Rosen and Ling Yu, they wouldn’t be able to risk returning to Naomi Star with the mech energy being less than 30%. If by any chance they encounter enemy troops or another cosmic sandstorm along the way, piloting a mech with insufficient energy would be nothing other than a death sentence.
So, the greatest likelihood is—
The two temporarily stopped over at a secure place, trying to think up of a way to stock up on mech energy.
The inside of the Black Dragon mech holds a light energy conversion system and it can also extract energy from various special ores. So long as time allows Black Dragon to gather a fair amount of energy, the time for them to return to Naomi Star is peaking over the horizon.
Berg looked back at Lin Yuan and said: "According to the rate at which the Black Dragon's converts light energy, if all goes well, in another fifteen days or so, your parents should be able to return to Naomi Star… However, now the situation at present is urgent, we simply cannot wait that long."
Mentioning this, the look on Berg's face grows even more somber, "In reality, the news of the Marshal's sacrifice was not issued by the Hydra Legion. Drew found the Black Dragon replica's mech fragments from the cosmic wormhole a week ago. At that time, he had not reported it to the military. He tried to keep it under wraps from the military, just to get more time for the Marshal tooth and nail."
Caesar’s stare went blank and he frowned: "So what you’re saying is that the secret of the mech fragments discovery was intentionally leaked out by someone with underhanded motives?"
Berg nodded, "Correct, although I don't know who it is, it is certain that both the Hydra Legion and Glory Legion have military spies, and the military quickly heard that we found mech fragments. I asked Drew to just play their game holding the upper hand and say that those tatters of the wreckage were of the Marshal’s own mech. After the person the Mech Association sent carefully inspected the mech wreckage, they announced the Marshal ’s sacrifice.”
The materials used between Black Dragon's original body and the replica are practically identical, excluding its two manufacturers, Aston and Berg, there isn’t anymore else who could tell the difference. No one would second guess this Black Dragon was piloted by the Marshal.
Yet, Caesar was acutely aware of a slightly tense tone in Berg's voice and couldn't help asking: "Wang Shu, they were quick to announce the news of the Marshal's passing. Could there be some sort of conspiracy?"
Berg said with a heavy expression: "That’s right, it was their strategy for the Glory Legion to encounter an ambush. Someone in the military department colluded with the Federation's forces and intended to eliminate Rosen through the hands of the Federation due to Rosen standing as their greatest obstacle. Only with Rosen dead could they carry out their plan with peace of mind."
—Carrying out a plan? Could the military really have traitors?
Caesar suddenly thought of the badges that he found in the depths of Köln Forest when he and Lin Yuan were doing wilderness group training. He quickly turned back to Lin Yuan and said: "Xiao Yuan, the badges we found in Köln Forest, do you still have them on you?"
Lin Yuan was quick to nod, he took out the purple badges from Suzaku's storage space and handed them over to Caesar.
Casaer passed the badges over to Berg, saying: "Wang Shu, would you know why these Thunder Legion badges were left in Po Military Starfield’s Köln Forest?"
Caesar has always suspected that these badges were left behind when the Thunder Legion pursued and launched an assault against Suzaku 19 years ago, but he had yet to be born at that time and there was not a wink of evidence for this conjecture. Berg, however, was a different story. With him as the head of the Undercurrent for the entire course of Suzaku’s capture and arrest, he knew it clear as day.
Looking at the badge Caesar handed over, Berg said nothing as he lowered his head for a moment, then abruptly stated: "Right, when the two mechs, Comet and Phantom teamed up to hunt down Suzaku, there were a few subordinates of the Thunder Legion and the Phantom Legion accompanying them. But, when it came time to return to Cepheus, there were three officers who didn’t come back. It was reported that they had lost their lives in the pursuit of Suzaku."
"Lost their lives?" Caesar frowned slightly, "This explanation seems a bit far-fetched. If their lives were really lost in the pursuit of Suzaku, why would their badges be left behind in Köln Forest?"
Berg could help but to wrinkle his brows as he heard Caesar say this.
As an S-Class mech, Suzaku was equipped with a giant light energy cannon powerful enough to blow up an entire city when its offensive system was initiated. Three officers’ lives were sacrificed by an artillery barrage during the pursuit of Suzaku. This reason did not arouse anyone's suspicion at the time.
However, at this moment, looking at those three badges in Caesar’s hands, Berg's back was suddenly exuding a layer of cold sweat—
Obviously, things are not so simple.
Those three officers may not have been sacrificed, but rather, they saw something they shouldn’t have on Po Military Starfield and were murdered, silenced by their Generals!
If this conjecture is true, to put it in other words, some people in the military department were arranging this plan as early as nineteen years ago!
The sudden estrus of Ling Yu back then followed by the dissolution of the Dark Night Legion, and now with Rosen encountering an unexpected ambush, the Hydra Legion being moved from Cepheus… With everything falling perfectly into place for this plan, the arrows are all pointing in the same direction— Cepheus, Capital Star, the Empire’s Imperial Palace!
Perhaps His Majesty Trent had long been aware of this to an extent that he would have Berg leave with a mech the moment he learned that the Marshal was missing. As the reigning monarch of the Empire, he could not leave the Capital Star without authorization, so when he perceived the looming crisis, he could only send away all people close and dear to him as a way to protect them.
The thought of His Majesty Trent being trapped in the Imperial Palace with a sword constantly dangling by a thread over his head, a burst of sourness erupted behind Berg’s eyes.
…Caesar, Xiwei, and himself were all sent away by His Majesty Trent ahead of time. Now in the Imperial Palace, those remaining with His Majesty and the Queen have already sworn their life to follow the ruling family’s Royal Guard Squadron. In the event of a militaristic mutiny mobilization, it could be said that His Majesty Trent has no means of resistance…
Berg took a deep, profound look at Caesar and said in a low voice: "Caesar, about the matter of those badges, Ling Yu and Rosen ought to know better than me. The main concern now is— we must find them as soon as possible! "
This sentence coincidentally coincided with Lin Yuan's thoughts. Worried about the safety of his two fathers, Lin Yuan immediately said nervously: "Uncle Berg, could I go looking for them myself?"
Berg looked at Lin Yuan and nodded, saying: "This is also the reason why I called you all over here. Only you can find them, because of the S-Class mech connection Suzaku and Black Dragon have between one another. This connection is not disturbed by the signal of the space station. Even if there is no communication signal on that planet, as long as each respective unit initiates its detection system, Suzaku can sense the existence of Black Dragon."
—Black Dragon, Suzaku, White Feather, and King Lion, there exists a kind of special connection system of the S-Class mechs personally crafted by Mr. Aston that bypasses the space station’s signal dispersion system.
Even on a distant planet that is entirely incapable of sending signals to the outside world, the mechs can still detect each other's existence.
In the vast and obscure universe, if you want to find Black Dragon as soon as possible, utilizing the S-Class mech Suzaku, White Feather, or King Lion is a must, using the special connection system between the mechs to locate the specific coordinates of Black Dragon.
As a result, Berg was anxious to call Lin Yuan and Caesar back. He wanted them to find the two Rosen and Ling Yu with their mechs at the fastest speed possible.
Caesar quickly came to an understanding of this and gently held Lin Yuan ’s hand, saying: “White Feather can sense the existence of Black Dragon too. I will go to find the Marshal and General Ling Yu together with you.”
Knowing that looking for his two fathers throughout the cosmos would very possibly mean running headfirst into harm's way. As a prince, Caesar shouldn’t risk such dangers. However, the warmth coming through the palm of his hand made Lin Yuan unable to have the heart to say any words of refusal.
Turning his head back towards Caesar a bit emotionally stirred, Lin Yuan said softly: "Caesar, you would be better off staying here, after all, you are His Majesty’s sole Alpha heir and if by any chance there’s some danger…"
"What rubbish are you spouting?" Caesar interrupted him in a low voice, gently tightening his fingers, he leaned into Lin Yuan's ear and said: "Don't you forget, I'm your Alpha, how could I make my Omega go on a perilous journey by himself?"
Lin Yuan: "………"
Caesar's voice was lowered to a quiet hush beside his ear, using a volume only Lin Yuan could hear the words spoken in confidence, and his burning hot breath ghosted on his ear, making Lin Yuan's ears immediately go red.
After marking each other, the feeling of being bound makes a person feel embarrassed, while at the same time, can’t help striking ribbons of warmth into their heart.
—I'm your Alpha, how could I make my Omega go on a perilous journey by himself?
With a few simple words, Lin Yuan suddenly lost any reason to object.
Because putting himself in his position, he would hold the same sentiment. If Caesar encountered any difficulties, he couldn’t let Caesar brave it alone. As Caesar's Omega, he would also want to be at Caesar's side… not just sharing the joy, but also sticking through the hardships.
The moment they marked each other, belonging to the other party may not be limited to the physical body.
The psychological sense of dependence in their relationship grew increasingly stronger.
Berg looked at the appearance of the two youths leaning into each other, whispering in confidence, he couldn’t help but smile slightly, saying: “Okay, don’t squabble, the four of you are going together. With the two mechs, White Feather and Suzaku, your safety can be guaranteed."
Brian did not expect that the little monster Lin Yuan was trying to find his dad, and he would be following after him as well. He suddenly looked at Berg with some surprise: "Pa, I’m going too?"
Berg aimed a glance at his son and said lightly: "Ling Feng originally wanted to go and find his brother in person. Udir refused to let him go. Ling Feng specifically requested for Snow to accompany Xiao Yuan in order to take care of each other. Of course, it’s really none of your business, it doesn't matter if you don't want to go."
Brian: "…"
Dad must be doing this on purpose, Snow is going, how could this not be any of his business?
Brian immediately got closer and squeezed his Dad’s shoulder, smiling sweetly and saying: “Who said it’s none of my business, I’d be more than thrilled to tag along. In case either Lin Yuan or Caesar’s mech malfunctions en route, can’t I repair it on-site? Pa, please just let me go, in the mech energy field, I have a much vaster comprehension than they do."
Berg gave his son a blank look and said: "I’m assigning you a task first and foremost, do the work of Suzaku's upgrade within a day's time."
Brian froze for a moment then nodded immediately: "Understood!"
***
If Lin Yuan wants to take Suzaku to find his two fathers, it must be upgraded back to S-Class to deal with varying unexpected circumstances.
At the time, it was Brian who completed Suzaku’s downgrade to C-Class, upgrading it now will be much better being left in his hands.
Berg is still very confident in his son's ability to downgrade Suzaku without destroying any of its wirings. Brian's innate talent in mech manufacturing is even better than that of himself back in his youth.
The very next day, Brian remodeled Suzaku in the spacious and vacant mech room in the underground base.
Brian dismantled and reassembled the parts one by one in accordance with the original modification plan. Dave and Berg helped him out and with the joint efforts of the three people,  in just one short day, Suzaku was upgraded back to S-Class with all of its former glory intact.
Looking at the gigantic red mech in front of him, Lin Yuan couldn't help but sigh from the bottom of his heart— when he saw the Suzaku in the museum, the mech was bound by a multitude of electromagnetic chains, quietly soaking up the sun’s rays like a blazing flame.
At the moment under the illumination of the light, every inch of metal on Suzaku's body shone with a dazzling luster. The beautiful red color, after so many years of dormancy, was like a fire rising from the ashes, making one unable to look away.
—This is the Mech God of War that once made the enemy forces of the Federation cower at the slightest breeze, Suzaku.
—This is Suzaku, the personal S-Class mech of the Empire’s Legendary Young Omega Major General, Ling Yu.
Lin Yuan stood gaping up at Suzaku, craning his neck to look at the wonder-filled presence of this S-Class mech. The rims of his eyes uncontrollably heat up a bit.
It had accompanied Ling Yu through countless twists and turns and countless suffering, it had also brought about countless glories and victories with Ling Yu.
It was because of Ling Yu’s crimes, it’s master, that it was cruelly imprisoned for nineteen years. In order to survive, after escaping from the museum, it had neither the choice nor option to feign it’s demise and willingly downgrade itself to a C-Class mech…
At this moment, it finally has the opportunity to see the light of day once more. Its regale body is also just as it was before!
Suzaku saw Lin Yuan blankly staring at itself, it couldn't help but gently put its palm down, stretched it out in front of Lin Yuan, and said softly, "Master."
Lin Yuan put his hand up to its wide palm, looked up at Suzaku, and said with a smile: "Suzaku, I’ve always felt that I never had the qualifications to truly own you … you are my dad's mech. After following my dad through so many twists and turns, I think the connection between the two of you is one of a kind… As soon as we find dad, return to his side, alright?"
Suzaku was so moved that it was at a loss for words at the thoughtful and generous declaration of this young man.
At this time, it sticking Lin Yuan's side was indeed for the purpose of finding its Master, and Lin Yuan's body carried the blood of it’s Master, which made it feel very familiar— in order to protect Ling Yu's child and look for an opportunity to find Ling Yu, it recognized another Master and became Lin Yuan's mech for the time being.
However, as Lin Yuan said, its connection with Ling Yu is one of a kind.
The only person who it truly recognized as its Master was Ling Yu.
After all, it had been at Ling Yu’s side from the day its memory began, they have fought side by side for so many years. It has experienced countless ups and downs. This connection cannot be replaced by anyone.
Suzaku gently placed its broad palm on top of Lin Yuan's head to make a "stroking" motion, but unfortunately, the palm of the mech was too large and Lin Yuan's entire person was shrouded in that red shadow. Suzaku fretted that it would hurt Xiao Yuan and immediately retracted its hand.
Lin Yuan couldn’t help laughing, he gently reached out and touched the smooth, shiny metal palm of Suzaku. He looked up at it and said, “It ’s okay, you were my dad ’s mech to begin with, even though I like you too, I know you carry special importance to dad. He must be very happy that you can return to his side, and I am also very happy that you and Dad can be reunited."
Suzaku was silent for a moment before whispering, "Thank you, Xiaoyuan."
Lin Yuan laughed: "You're welcome!"
—The candid and hearty smile of the youth is as dazzling as the sunshine.
Suzaku suddenly thought that after all, he had too many memories and emotional ties for his former master, Ling Yu, he could not serve Lin Yuan with his heart and soul. This earnest and hard-working child should have a mech that genuinely belongs to him.
Seemingly aware of Suzaku's thoughts, watching Lin Yuan happily place Suzaku where its heart lay, Berg couldn't help but ask in a low voice: "Xiao Yuan, the degree of your mental threshold compatibility with Suzaku has already exceeded 100%, right?"
Lin Yuan turned back in confusion: "Yep, the first compatibility match seemed to go over 100%. What of it?"
Berg said with much thought: "It seems that the person Wang Xiong spoke of was you…"
Unable to make heads or tails from Berg’s words, Lin Yuan couldn't help scratching his head in bewilderment.
Berg said with a smile: "Well, I still have to do the final inspection and debugging on this new mech with Dave, but after you come back with your parents, you can try to pilot it."
Lin Yuan widened his eyes in surprise, "A new mech? What is it?"
Berg spoke seriously: "It is the latest SS-Class mech developed by Mr. Aston and his final and only disciple, Dave. It is the first SS-Class mech in the history of the Empire. The requirements for its pilot are extremely high. You have inherited the talents of both of your fathers, your mental threshold should be able to reach the standard for piloting that mech."
Berg smiled slightly at Lin Yuan's dark and clear eyes, saying: "If you have the ability, it will belong to you completely."
(
TN
: An explanation for my absence is due orz. The short rundown is I had a life crisis over what direction I would take my life after graduating high school— college, or enlisting in the military. Then after deciding to enlist and starting on the process, a close relative got super sick so I had to fly out to the other side of the country and help out. After that, between working a full-time job and now preparing for my enlistment, I have a lot less free time on my hands, especially now that I want to hang out with my friends as often as I can with them going away to college soon. I'm not dropping either of my novels per se, but I wouldn't exactly be adverse to anyone wanting to pick it up either. I'll still be translating them in the meantime, I just can't say how often I'll be able to push chapters out. That's all, stay safe everyone xoxo)
Chapter 102: Departure
Hearing Berg’s description of that mysterious mecha, Lin Yuan couldn’t help but want to bear witness to the overwhelming presence of the SS-Class mecha, but Lin Yuan was met with disappointment as Dave was currently carrying out the final touches and adjustments, it still couldn't be directly started up at this point in time. Lin Yuan had to suppress the excitement down at the bottom of his heart and temporarily focus his thoughts on the matter of “finding two dads ASAP".
Rosen and Ling Yu had been drawn into the Isville Cosmic Wormhole— of which is the largest cosmic wormhole currently known to mankind. The entirety of the wormhole spans a good several galaxies, and the vortex formed by the airflow inside of it was akin to a complex labyrinth. If one was in a situation where they didn’t make thorough preparations, recklessly marching in would mean only a high probability of being swept away in a cosmic sandstorm to a strange distant planet, thereby losing one’s way.
Berg would naturally never allow a few children to brave such great danger.
As he left Cepheus, Berg conveniently took along a copy of a star atlas of the entire universe as currently recognized by man— it was a realistic 3D simulated star atlas that marked all galaxies in the vicinity of the Isville Cosmic Wormhole in detail, each planet was represented by a flashing dot with varying colors as if an abundance of bright diamonds were sprinkled onto a pitch-blank canopy.
Lin Yuan looked at the magnificent sight of the star atlas in front of him, and couldn't help wondering: "There're so many planets, where should we even begin to look for them?"
In fact, this was also the question that gave Berg the biggest headache. The Isville Cosmic Wormhole is complex and rarely consistent. There are countless exits leading to different galaxies. It is impossible to determine exactly which galaxy Rosen and Ling Yu went to. However, from the location of Black Dragon’s wreckage as well as the nearby terrain of the galaxy, they can roughly infer the direction of Rosen and Ling Yu's space jump after breaking through the wormhole.
Berg pondered for a moment before zooming in on a galaxy marked in light green on the simulated star atlas—
A great number of the fixed stars in this unknown galaxy are arranged in a shape similar to that of a peacock with its tail fanned out, the stars themselves are also surrounded by hundreds of asteroids. It looked as if green diamonds had been scattered to no end on the glistening star atlas simulation, seemingly like a cultured man-made work of art.
Berg pointed to one of the starfields and said: "According to the location of the mech fragments we found, after Rosen and Ling Yu broke through the wormhole, the direction of their jump should be facing towards this area—"
Caesar asked in astonishment: "Is that Pavo?"
Berg nodded, "That it is."
Caesar's level of mastery in the astronomy field is even greater than that of his own. This was the fruit born of His Majesty Trand's grooming from a young age. Berg looked back at Caesar and said with a slight smile: "With Caesar here, at the very least I don’t think you’ll lose your way. Start heading to bed and get some shut-eye. You shall set off early tomorrow morning, take this star atlas with you, and should you run into any difficulties, get in touch with me."
The four nodded prudently and turned back to their prepared rooms to rest.
***
The conditions of the underground military bases are far from good, the rooms used for sleep are very simple and crude as well, with two single beds put up in a small narrow room, it was like a rudimentary spaceship cabin.
In the dead of night, Lin Yuan stared at the ceiling all wide-eyed, his mind was in shambles, and he couldn’t feel an ounce of fatigue.
Caesar noticed that the little monster on the bed next to him had been tossing and turning, unable to sleep, and seemed to be very restless. He couldn't help but get up and make his way towards his bedside, he squeezed into the quilt and reached out to lightly wrap him in his embrace, asking with a low voice: "What are you thinking about? Are you still not asleep yet?"
Lin Yuan looked up at Caesar and spoke from his heart: "I was thinking, there were so many galaxies surrounding the wormhole. How could they know for sure that they are in Pavo? Should we look in the wrong place, wouldn’t we be wasting a lot of time…"
Caesar rubbed Lin Yuan’s head with a smile, explaining patiently: “Uncle Berg and I aren’t just pulling things out of a hat. The mech fragments of the Replica Black Dragon were found near Pavo and although there are other galaxies surrounding it, the other galaxies around Pavo don’t have any planets suitable for human habitation. Further south is the Triangulum Australe, which is the encampment of the Federation’s Falcon Legion. With the Marshal and General Ling Yu’s cautiousness, they wouldn’t space jump directly into the mouth of the Federation. With that being said, the greatest possibility is still Pavo… We ought to go there first and check it out."
Lin Yuan nodded before coming to a sudden realization, he couldn't help but ask: "It seems like you know these galaxies surprisingly well?"
Caesar said: "Mn, I learned some astronomy here and there as a kid."
Lin Yuan couldn’t help but sigh in admiration: “You really are something serious, you learned this when you were a kid? When I was a kid, I only knew how to play with mechs online.”
Being praised by Xiao Yuan put him in a good mood, Caesar couldn't help but to lift his chin up and gently land a kiss on his lips, saying softly, "Okay, get some rest, we gotta get going when morning comes."
Lin Yuan nodded and imitated Caesar’s actions. He kissed his lips gently and smiled, saying: "Good night."
Having said that, he naturally found a comfortable position in Caesar's arms, closed his eyes, and prepared to sleep.
Probably because having Caesar at his side would put him wonderfully at ease, Lin Yuan soon fell asleep.
In the world of his dreams, he returned to that aqua-blue planet. The sea breeze tousled his hair. His nose seemed to pick up the slight saltiness of the seawater scent. Lin Yuan dreamed that his four-year-old self was picking up shells on the beach and playing in casual clothes, his dad sat not too far away with a smile on his face as he watched him.
The warm childhood memories of being with his dad made Lin Yuan unable to help a smile growing on his face as he slept.
Caesar looked down at Lin Yuan—
The young man breathed evenly from within his embrace, the corners of his mouths tugged into a smiling expression, his body exuded the good smell of a shower gel. When holding him tightly in his arms, that comfortably warm feeling is like holding a space heater in the cold winter of the twelfth lunar month, enough to make a man as happy as he could be.
—Lin Yuan, do you know what a happy thing it is for me to have you?
***
The next morning, after the four people woke up, Berg sent someone to present them with a brand-new military uniform, personally tailored.
The dark green military uniform is not the same dark blue as the military academy school uniform. As the official dress of the Hydra Legion soldiers, not only are they several times more exquisite than those of the cadet uniform in terms of tailoring and workmanship, but even the materials are several grades higher. The golden stars on the shoulders and the badge with the serpentine totem engraved on the chest shone brightly under the lighting. The plethora of small details on this military uniform set displayed the elegant integrity of one serving the Emperor.
The four youths wore the well-ironed military uniforms on their bodies, which immediately gave the feeling of putting on another skin.
Putting it side by side with the simple clothing of the cadets, it was if the four of them suddenly gained ten years in donning such a formal military uniform after joining the legion.
As the four of them exchange gazes between each other, no one could even recognize one another.
Berg looked at the four lanky young boys in front of him, he couldn't help give a small smile, saying: "This morning, Drew will send a fleet to continue patrolling and searching near the Isville Cosmic Wormhole, you will all act the part as Hydra Legion soldiers, mix into the fleet, and as soon as the fleet leaves the surveillance area of Naomi Star, you will immediately follow the route towards Pavo from within the wormhole."
Berg paused and added: "This fleet is actually composed of the Personal Guard Battalion’s soldiers, Drew’s most trusted that he keeps at his side. Each of them is the Hydra Legion’s cream of the crop, in case they encounter danger en route, they will protect you."
Berg looked back to Lin Yuan, he handed Lin Yuan the badge signifying the rank of a commander and said: “I can’t accompany you in the days ahead. If we are to find your two fathers as quickly as possible, everyone in this fleet from this point on will be under your command."
Although the sheer size of the fleet is lacking, they were all personally selected by General Drew and the trustworthiness of any single one of them is worth more than a hundred others.
Such an elite team was actually sent to protect them, Lin Yuan was immediately overwhelmed from the unexpected favor. Moreover, letting him act in part as the commander, he felt that he had neither the worthiness nor the skill to command those senior officers.
Looking at the badge handed over by Berg, Lin Yuan hesitated a bit and said: "Is this really alright? I have absolutely zero experience being a commander…"
Caesar swiveled his head around and looked at Lin Yuan and said in earnest: "Hold it right there. The main purpose of this whole venture is to find your fathers, a fleet must always have a supreme commander, and you are the most suitable candidate."
Brian also threw in: "That’s just how it is, sink or swim, Lin Yuan is a student of the Command Department. Could you still be afraid? Rest assured, Caesar’s head is on the line too. Father sent Lieutenant Colonel Ian to accompany us. He has an abundance of experience."
Actually, Lin Yuan was not afraid but felt that he was young and had a nearly blank resume to show for it, he had no qualifications to rank as a commander.
However, since Berg placed such trust in him, it wouldn’t be good for Lin Yuan to throw in the towel.
Somewhat taken aback, he accepted the proffered badge from Berg and stood at attention. Lin Yuan paid a standard military salute to Berg and said with a firm gaze: " Wang Shu, you can rest assured that I will definitely complete this mission!"
—He was deserving of being Ling Yu's flesh and blood son. The demeanor of such a soldier who is upstanding and discerning when receiving the orders of a superior was just like a mirror-image of Ling Yu in his younger years.
Berg couldn't help letting a smile slip past his lips, he nodded and said: "Take care of yourself on the road, I’ll look forward to everyone’s safe return, as quickly as you can now."
***
After all preparations were made, Lin Yuan, Caesar, Brian, Snow, plus the Dark Night Legion’s Lieutenant Colonel Zhou Yi and Lieutenant Colonel Fornt changed into the uniforms of the Hydra Legion. Under the identity of Hydra Legion soldiers, they weaseled their way into the patrol fleet Drew dispatched through the chaos.
When the first light of the morning shone to Naomi Star, the people finally left this beautiful aquamarine planet and set off in the direction of Pavo, taking with them the S-Class mech Suzaku and White Feather to start the hunt for the whereabouts of Marshal Rosen and General Ling Yu.
It was a new type of warship, which was large enough to accommodate hundreds of passengers, it’s interior was very expansive and not only did it have a spacious hall, kitchen, bathing facilities, it even had a separate lounge dedicated to the commander.
The soldiers of the Hydra Legion were performing their duties neat and orderly. Lin Yuan, who was temporarily instated as their commander, was far too embarrassed to just waltz into the commander's room to relax and was forced to stand on the bridge with Caesar, looking at the scenery the universe had to offer through the porthole.
It was at this moment that Lieutenant Colonel Ian, who was sent to accompany them by Drew, suddenly walked on the bridge and saluted Lin Yuan, saying: "Commander, there is an airflow abnormality forming up ahead. It may be that the Isville Cosmic Wormhole is about to undergo a spatial shock. Please direct the warship’s navigation route.
The image detected by the sensor in real-time was immediately projected on the projection screen in front of him. Sure enough, a formidable airflow vortex appeared near the cosmic wormhole at the forefront, and it was shown to be gradually spreading out. Its momentum seemed to be racing towards them like a bloodthirsty tsunami looming over them.
Lin Yuan couldn't help frowning—
Spatial shocks above a level 6 inside the cosmic wormhole would have a devastating lethality. Their force would be great enough to destroy all warships and mechs that enter it. Should they encounter this kind of powerful cosmic energy, everyone here would have a high likelihood of losing their life.
Although there are many cases of a successful escape from the wormhole and despite this path being the optimal route to Pavo, and even if Lin Yuan is anxious to find his fathers…
No matter what, it is impossible for Lin Yuan to impulsively take such a risk in order to prioritize time.
Not to mention that hundreds of people throughout the entire fleet were watching him, there was Caesar, the sole heir to the Empire’s throne beside him, as well as his brother Snow, Brian, his Master, Dr. Fornt, and so on…
The lives of these people may be unjustly cut short because of one single lapse in decision-making.
It was only at this moment that Lin Yuan realized how much mental pressure he held as the commander. With just one innocuous route change, it was necessary to think over innumerable details, not to mention on the ever-changing battlefield.
Thinking of this, he couldn't help but admire his own fathers even more.
Although he has already been temporarily appointed as the commander of this small fleet, Lin Yuan did not dare to make decisions without authorization. After all, he has no experience and the theoretical knowledge learned in school isn’t a one size fits all.
Lin Yuan carefully observed the movement of the airflow. He then pointed to a route on the simulated star atlas. He turned back to Lieutenant Colonel Ian and said: "Altogether, there are three transition routes to Pavo. This is the closest. However, since there are signs of spatial shocks ahead, we shouldn't take great risks. Between the other two routes, the one on the left is closer to the Triangulum Australe. If by any chance we run into the Federation’s hostile forces, it will cause unnecessary trouble. I think it would be better to divert to the constellation of Apus and employ the third option to make the jump. What do you think?"
Lieutenant Colonel Ian froze for a moment— he didn't expect this young boy to be so modest and staid. To top it all off, he didn’t even act in a condescending manner or an impulsive one at that from being given the title of commander at such a young age. The sincere smile on his face also gave people the feeling of “being respected”.
As an elder, the discomfort of being ordered around by this youngster quickly disappeared. Lieutenant Colonel Ian smiled gently and gave a military salute to the teenager in front of him, saying: "Commander, what you’ve said is very reasonable, we will immediately employ the third option, diverting to Apus."
Lin Yuan politely returned a military salute in kind and said: "Lieutenant Colonel Ian, good work, it’s been tough."
Ian nodded with a smile and turned to leave.
It wasn't until Lieutenant Colonel Ian left that Lin Yuan looked back at Caesar and smiled a bit embarrassedly, saying: "It feels a bit weird to be called Commander… Was my decision correct?"
—The appearance of this little guy as he carefully analyzed and issued the order just now was just that. Although he at the age of eighteen looks very soft and immature, he was born with a temperament distinctive to that of high-ranking military officers— that temperament comes from his two fathers at the very base of his being.
Lin Yuan has an amiable disposition, yet his eyes are completely firm and calm, such a thing will make many people more than happy to receive his commands.
Caesar resisted the urge to ruthlessly kiss his little monster and said with a smile: "You’ve done well, have a bit more confidence in yourself… Don't forget, you are the son of the Marshal and General Ling Yu."
Lin Yuan smiled, lowered his voice, and leaned closer to Caesar's ear and said: "It’s because I am their son that I am even more worried… They’re so talented and amazing, I am afraid that I will bring them shame…"
Caesar couldn't help holding his hand and say softly: "Never in a million years… In your eyes, your fathers are the untouchable existences that always fall just out of reach, but you too will be that same pride for them."
Lin Yuan looked up at Caesar and asked seriously: "Will I? I'm afraid that when the moment comes for my dad to see me, he will be disappointed…"
Facing Lin Yuan’s gleaming eyes, Caesar held back a smile and said: "How could that be possible? Your dad most certainly likes you more than you could ever know."
Such a lively and cheerful darling of a son, even with General Ling Yu's cold and proud personality, wouldn’t he also be quite fond?
—How could he be disappointed?
***
Pavo, an unknown planet.
Rosen took Black Dragon to look for energy, Ling Yu stayed behind in the cave by himself. Here, he continues to draw a detailed star atlas route.
In the past few days, Rosen has found quite a  few caves with those strange energy stones. After the Black Dragon continuously absorbs energy and converts light energy, the internal energy reserve of the mech has reached 60%.
At this rate, they can leave here in ten days max.
Although the pace they are running at is already more than he could ask for, Ling Yu still feels very uneasy.
He rushed to save Rosen at the time, it was an instinctive reaction that was undertaken without an ounce of thought given. After seeing that Rosen was drawn into the wormhole, his body acted on its own and piloted the mech over… if he and Rosen had actually been buried alive as the result of an impulse, wouldn’t it bring His Majesty’s entire plan to ruin?
Thinking about it now, Ling Yu also felt that he was really too reckless and crazed at the time.
But……
If he had the option to do it all over again, he would still make this choice.
Looking on helplessly as Rosen runs into danger, it was impossible to look the other way with a cool head.
This instinctive reaction also constantly served as a reminder to him of the special weight Rosen held in his heart. The weight is so heavy that it could even make him bring another life to this world…
Ling Yu leaned over with the intent to add a spot of light to the star atlas. In wake of this leaning motion, there was a sudden churning in his stomach, Ling Yu immediately went to the depths of the cave and puked as if his life depended on it.
In the morning, he didn't eat much at all. Despite retching for a long time, nothing came out. The cramping feeling in his stomach forced him to vomit over and over again for what felt like days. He was simply mentally and physically exhausted.
He didn’t know how long had gone by before his strong nausea gradually subsided. Ling Yu’s complexion paled as he stood up, his slender fingers gently moved across his still flat abdomen, slightly furrowing his brows together.
Chapter 103: Pregnancy
His previous estrus had come suddenly, without any method for obtaining contraception beforehand. On this desolate and uninhabited planet, it would have been impossible to find birth control pills. Everything happened by the light of nature and he was completely marked by Rosen. An Omega's probability of conception during estrus is extremely high. Evidently, the child belonging to him and Rosen has been unknowingly conceived inside of Ling Yu’s stomach…
Due to differences in individual constitutions, Omegas not only have differing estrus intervals, but they also display a manifold diversity following a pregnancy. Mental fatigue and strong nausea are the most common signs of early pregnancy. Back when he was having Xiao Yuan, Ling Yu had almost no symptoms during the early stages of his pregnancy. Even when news of that pregnancy was given to him by Rosen when he rescued him from the military prison, he himself felt no discomfort. He didn’t expect the symptoms this time to be so terrible, they had all shown up super early as well.
Plausibly due to the nonstop injection of inhibitors for 18 years on end after giving birth to Xiao Yuan, the pheromones in Ling Yu's body had always been forcibly suppressed by medication. Now that he is once more marked by Rosen, just like a sleeping beast that lies dormant for ages being suddenly roused by man, it now bashes side to side, violently clawing from the inside of his body… Dizziness, nausea, mental fatigue, loss of appetite, a series of such symptoms popped up one after another, making the proud personality of Ling Yu annoyed to no end.
As an Omega, Ling Yu still likes the battlefields filled with smoke trailing from guns and the flames that licked all the way up to the skies. He never thought of staying at home to raise children. To begin with, Xiao Yuan was an accident. When he made the successful break from Cepheus and came to Naomi Star after going through what seemed like an endless flight from danger in space, the unborn child in his abdomen was already almost three months along. He wasn’t willing to get rid of the child and instead gave birth to Xiao Yuan under countless difficult circumstances…
Now, for the second time around, what should he do?
If he could choose, he wouldn’t have gotten pregnant at this time, the traitor inside the military will soon take action and His Majesty may be in danger. Getting pregnant at this time is just yet another disaster to add to the already existing pile…
Ling Yu’s complexion waned as he wrinkled his brows and placed his slender fingers gently on his abdomen, knowing that there already existed a small life where the combined flesh and blood of himself and Rosen existed, the always calm and collected Major General Ling Yu for just a single moment unexpectantly fell into a calamitous turmoil.
***
Rosen had a pretty good harvest today. He piloted Black Dragon to the other end of this strange planet. He not only found a cave containing a large bulk of energy ores, but he also picked up many edible wild fruits. His days with Ling Yu have been highly dependent on eating wild fruits to get by. Although the food is monotonous and scarce, it was fortunate enough that this wild fruit was rich in protein and vitamins, which could keep up with the human body’s daily consumption of calories and will keep them from starving at the very least
Worried that leaving Ling Yu all by himself in the cave would expose him to dangers, Rosen sorted out the fresh wild fruits and immediately piloted Black Dragon back.
When he returned to the place where the two had settled, he saw the silhouette of the figure he knew so well— Ling Yu in his dark blue military uniform was sitting on the bedside, his head hanging down as if he was lost in thought, his long fingers pressed against his abdomen, his face was a bit unnaturally pale.
Rosen set the wild fruits he picked down on the table, he walked over to Ling Yu’s side and sat down, he lifted his head as he looked with tenderness in his gaze, asking in a low voice: "What’s up with you? You have such an unsightly complexion, do you not feel well?"
Ling Yu directed his gaze elsewhere and said with a cold face: "Nothing’s wrong with me."
He seemed to be in a bad mood today. Rosen asked nothing more, picked up a few wild fruits, washed them clean, walked to Ling Yu, and handed him a fruit, saying with a smile: "Have some of the freshly picked wild fruit Black Dragon found today, these ones don't taste much like the ones we had before. Would you like to give them a try?"
Ling Yu eyed the red fruit in Rosen's hand, his stomach suddenly felt a burst of nausea.
He has been pretending to nonchalantly eat things in front of Rosen for the past few days, in reality, he has no appetite whatsoever, anything he ate wanted to come right back up again.
Strongly resisting the urge to puke, Ling Yu turned his head off to the side and said stiffly: "I am not hungry, just eat it yourself."
Rosen set the fruit he had in his hand in front of him, not a single word was spoken, an awkward silence weighed down in the cave.
Rosen's personality was originally very stern and callous. In front of Ling Yu, he had already tried to soften his attitude down to be as gentle as possible, but with Ling Yu blatantly ignoring him again and again like this, it nevertheless made him unable to snuff out the whisper of a flame rising in his heart—
Ling Yu being as cold as ice and hard to please was all well and good, but the mood between the two of them prior to the complete marking was really good. Ling Yu even spoke aloud "you are the only one for me", those words that teetered on being a confession of love made Rosen ecstatic at the time they were spoken, thinking that he finally melted Ling Yu's iceberg outer shell and touched his heart. Yet, Ling Yu switched faces as soon as his estrus passed and the speed of this total 180-degree turnaround was practically faster than the turn of a book’s page.
Is there such a fickle Omega in existence?
After an Omega is completely marked, shouldn't they gain a sense of belonging and dependence to their Alpha? Why did Ling Yu look upon him so coldly and indifferently as if he was looking at a stranger? Above all, today he had actually gone so far as to pull such a disdainful face steeped with irritation?
A blazing fire crawled up along the walls of Rosen’s heart, he couldn't help reaching out and pinching his chin tightly, forcing him to raise his head and land let a ruthless kiss rain down upon him—
This kiss was extremely domineering. His tongue pried his jaw apart without an ounce of restraint and stretched forward into Ling Yu's mouth. The rough textured coating of his tongue vigorously swept across the soft inner walls of his mouth, as if he wanted his taste to thoroughly permeate through the man in front of him.
Rosen thrust his tongue across any part of his mouth he could reach, leaving traces of himself in every nook and cranny.
"…mmm… mmph…"
Ling Yu’s lips were completely sealed off, his tongue was sucked numb and as he had been enduring a strong wave of nausea, with Rosen kissing him so suddenly it took all of Ling Yu’s ability to breathe. His complexion grew unsightly as he began to forcibly make a move to push Rosen away.
Ling Yu's resistance only added fuel to the fire, which thoroughly stirred an intense possessiveness hidden deep within in Rosen's bones.
The more Ling Yu pushed him, the less he wanted to let go. One hand clung to Ling Yu's waist to deepen the kiss, while the other hand slipped into his military uniform, working his shirt open and gently ghosting his hand across his flat stomach.
These days following his estrus period, Rosen worried about the state of Ling Yu’s body. On top of that, the two of them both wanted to return to Naomi Star as soon as possible. Rosen had kept a friendly distance from Ling Yu. The man he adored was lying within his grasp but there was not a thing he could do to touch him. In doing so, Rosen restraining himself was extremely taxing, he never expected Ling Yu to change his tune so quickly.
He was obviously feeling just fine during the times they got together those days, liking it an awful lot…
Rosen was a bit unwilling to back down from this and seeming to want to refresh Ling Yu's memory of those three days spent in estrus, he felt him up from his abdomen all the way up to his chest and gave a precise pinch on his right nipple, rolling it gingerly between his fingertips.
Ling Yu's breath came to a sudden stop, and an unnatural red flushed floated on his face.
"… mmm… you… le-let go…"
Seeing that Rosen's hand was becoming more and more unruly, Ling Yu went red in the face and firmly pushed Rosen with all his strength—
Even after everything, he is a General first and foremost and his skill is not comparable to that of an ordinary Omega. Not only did the force behind that shove of his break him out of Rosen’s grasp, it nearly pushed Rosen into falling back a step.
The two were panting like wild animals as they faced one another. After a pause, Ling Yu finally couldn't bear it and abruptly turned to the entrance of the cave, hunkered down to the ground, and proceeded to dry heave like there was no tomorrow.
Rosen was shocked to the high heavens. His initial thought was: Was my kiss really that revolting?
Looking back at Ling Yu with a complex expression, he found Ling Yu's complexion to be exceedingly unsightly. Although he had been throwing up non-stop, he didn't actually have anything at all come up. The grievous sound of his retches that threatened to take his whole stomach up with them made Rosen’s heart suddenly ache— was he actually not feeling well and not in a good mood?
Being ignored just now, the anger from being given the cold shoulder immediately vanished like smoke in thin air and was instead replaced by strong distress. Rosen hurried to Ling Yu's side in three or two steps, softly running his hand down his back, saying in a whisper: "How are you? Are you all right?"
Ling Yu: "…………"
This idiot, can't he see his Omega is pregnant? Should I spell it out to him?
Ling Yu was in a bad mood to begin with and being met with Rosen's troubled gaze put his mind into shambles and his heart grew strained. If it wasn’t for this man, he wouldn’t have gotten pregnant again. Not only did he take his body in such a shameful position, but even carrying a child for this man was truly a terrible feeling through and through!
Seeing Ling Yu frowning in displeasure, Rosen grew even more worried and immediately called out Black Dragon, saying: "Black Dragon, quickly give him a check-up. Is he throwing up so violently from getting food poisoning?"
Black Dragon: "………"
As a highly intelligent S-Class mech, Black Dragon also had to sigh, Master's experience in certain areas are really pitiful!
In fact, it should come as no surprise for Rosen, the only Omega he liked was Ling Yu. After having Ling Yu in the past, the two of them were separated for as long as 19 years. He wasn’t around for the time Ling Yu spent carrying Xiao Yuan. He was completely unexposed to the varying symptoms of an Omega’s pregnancy. When he saw Ling Yu vomiting, he first thought of food poisoning, and not… Ling Yu had a baby again.
Black Dragon carefully scanned Ling Yu's body and quickly posted the test results in front of Rosen. It said in a calm and dull voice: "Master, General Ling Yu is pregnant, all indicators of his body are within the normal range."
Rosen: "…………………"
Although the chance of an Omega getting pregnant during estrus exceeds 90%, there’s still a 10% chance that there won’t be a pregnancy. Ling Yu has also been injecting inhibitors for a long time, which has a high likelihood of affecting fertility. Rosen had thought that there wouldn’t be a chance for a child this time, yet who could have thought that a child would be conceived?
After the initial shock, what followed was a very nice surprise!
Looking at Ling Yu's pale face, the strong distress was mixed with an even more intense joy and blew through the plains in Rosen's mind like the wind of a storm, wiping his brain blank.
After three seconds of shock and silence, the reaction Rosen’s face settled on was a smile and the hand on Ling Yu's back continued to gently stroke up along his spine, his tone also grew increasingly soft: "Yo-you’re pregnant, is that true?"
Ling Yu: "………………"
Rosen seemed to fumble his words at a nearly incomprehensible level from the mind-blowing astonishment: "That’s great, we have another child, Xiao Yuan is going to be a big brother, he will be so happy… Oh, that’s right, I want to be with you this time, look after you as I should and wait for our child to come to this world, together… Sorry, I didn’t know that you were pregnant just now, I thought you were ignoring me, I thought you’d gone back on your word…"
Seeing Ling Yu’s retching slowly come to a stop, Rosen extended his arms, gently hugged him, turned around and gently carried his Omega to the bed,  carefully setting him down.
His careful movements were just as if he was carrying a one of a kind treasure in his arms.
Being carried to bed by him, Ling Yu met Rosen's gaze filled with extreme joy and broke away from it a bit stiffly.
In reality, the moment when he learned that he was pregnant, Ling Yu's initial response was to not have the child. After all, in the current climate, it simply wasn’t suitable to have a child and he really just doesn’t want to have a baby either.
But……
When Rosen found out that he was pregnant, that kind of excitement that couldn’t be hidden away made Ling Yu suddenly somewhat reluctant to rain down on his parade.
Rosen diligently poured a glass of water for Ling Yu and handed it to him, saying in a hushed tone: "Come on, drink some water first."
Ling Yu took the proffered glass and took a few sips. His nausea subsided some and his complexion gradually improved. He had just opened his mouth with the intent to speak of the issue of the child’s staying or going, yet he heard Rosen ask deeply laden with concern: "How do you feel? Isn't it hard on you?
Ling Yu said awkwardly: "…it’s fine."
Rosen gave a glance at Ling Yu’s profile, only to see that his face was very pale and he couldn’t detect the slightest hint of joy being carried on the expression on his face…
He was not happy, nor did he look forward to the arrival of this child as he did…
There came a sudden pain in his heart, Rosen tightly clenched his fists, the joy on his face faded away, and after a long silence, he asked in a low voice: "Did you… not want to get pregnant? Do you… not want this child?"
Ling Yu was silent for a moment and then said softly: "I don’t."
These two words slam heavily onto Rosen's heart like a hammer!
The warm joy of discovering his lover’s pregnancy was doused ice-cold by a bucket of chilling cold water.
Ling Yu looked back at Rosen and spoke his mind: "Now is not the time to have a child. I suspect that there will be some changes occurring in the military in the near future. It is also highly likely for His Majesty to be in danger. I have to lead the Dark Night Legion…"
Rosen interrupted him in a soft voice, "I know all of that already, everything you’ve said I know.”
Intellectually speaking, Rosen was naturally more than clear that this was no time to be having a child. The Empire will likely be undergoing a coup d’etat. He and Ling Yu, as high-ranking military officers of the military, have many serious responsibilities that they have to shoulder.
However, from an emotional standpoint, he couldn't let Ling Yu abort the pregnancy like it was nothing!
This is his and Ling Yu’s own flesh and blood and that little life is the combination of both his and Ling Yu’s genes. It was growing quietly and peacefully inside of Ling Yu, getting ready to come to this world and with the identity of Ling Yu and Rosen’s child, start it’s brand new life.
Cutting the child out of existence in such a way was like tearing out the softest parts of his heart and ripping it out of his chest.
How could he be willing to renounce that little life?
The two fell into a mutual silence, the stiff atmosphere that weighed down in the cave was suffocating.
Ling Yu didn't know why. To begin with, he was the one who wanted to get rid of this child, but looking at Rosen's despondent expression, and meeting his despairing gaze, a strong, almost a kind of convulsive pain arose in Ling Yu's heart—
He should obviously be a bit more rational and abort the child, the sooner the better, but the child inside of him is tied to them by blood. While he wants to kill the embryo, he, for some reason, couldn’t harden his heart.
In particular, thinking of the joyous expression that came straight from Rosen’s heart the moment he learned that he was pregnant, Ling Yu felt as if his heart had been cut out by a knife.
His notions of aborting the child had even begun to lightly waver…
After a good pause, Rosen whispered: "Even though… I really desire for you to have this child,  I also know that now isn’t the right time. If you… If you insist on not wanting this child, I will honor your decision."
His low voice carried a touch of hoarseness in it, every word seemed to have to claw its way out of his throat, seeming to suppress the unspeakable pain.
Rosen took Ling Yu's hand gently, he looked back at Ling Yu and said softly: "I'm sorry, Ling Yu, I shouldn't have allowed you to get pregnant this time… Had it not been for the lack of birth control pills on this planet, we would have nipped the possibility of pregnancy at the bud… You don’t want a child, I will respect your decision… But thinking of how that child may grow up to look like you, I just can’t put on an unbothered face, how could I not feel sad…"
Ling Yu's heart trembled violently and the hand held by Rosen was stiffly set down on his knees, he didn’t know where to go from here.
Thinking of how that child may grow up to look like you, I just can’t put on an unbothered face, how could I not feel sad?
Rosen’s words pierced his heart one by one. After all, Ling Yu’s heart wasn’t made entirely up of cold, hard, unfeeling stone. Rosen’s sadness also affected him. He couldn’t help but be reminded of how Xiao Yuan looked as he excitedly called out “Dad” to him.
The thought of the unborn child in his abdomen could be living a vivid, lively life as Xiao Yuan had, Ling Yu's heart suddenly seized up with pain.
"I… I don't hate this child, not in the least bit, it's just that the timing is really a bit off…"
Ling Yu clenched his pale fingers into a tight grip, he took a deep breath, looked back at Rosen, and said: "This matter does not need to be decided urgently. Let's talk about it when we get back to Naomi Star. Maybe things aren’t as bad as I think.”
Rosen couldn't help but look at him in shock- Ling Yu had really backed down?
In other words, he also wants to keep this child?!
Such a huge blow made Rosen speechless and where words failed him, he put his emotions into actions. Rosen stretched out his arms and pulled Ling Yu into a tight embrace—
The intensity of such an embrace was like molding the two of them into one singular entity, it was even tight to the point of pain.
Being held by Rosen, Ling Yu felt the strength of his arms, and the warmth radiated in his embrace. Strangely enough, he felt an inexplicable sense of relief.
Rosen obviously wanted this child more than anything, but he had to suffer losing it in order to respect his decision.
Such a man, how could he have the heart to watch as he despaired and trudged through sadness?
With this man by his side, even if he is pregnant, they might just be able to get through it then?
Ling Yu's personality has always been decisive and resolute. Going back to as far as when he was a child, this is the very first time he hesitated over something, or even changing his mind at that. The child belonging to the two of them currently gestating inside of his abdomen was nearing a month old. Despite not being aware of this little one’s existence, Ling Yu feels that there seems to be a trace of a mystical force tying his and Rosen's heart tightly together and connecting them by their souls.
(
TN
: This chapter will be me testing out the whole scheduled chapter thing. If this works, it should come out in the morning on the 8th. Hello from the past I guess lol?)
Chapter 104: Reunion
At 7 o'clock in the evening, Lin Yuan and Caesar stood on the bridge overlooking the navigation route. Snow and Brian had also walked over, Brian walked up to Lin Yuan and said with a smile: "Just look at the way you hold yourself, isn’t it quite dignified, ah? How are things? Does being a commander feel super awe-inspiring and all?"
Lin Yuan said sincerely: "No, I actually feel like I'm under quite a bit of pressure."
Brian waved him off and said, "Nothing to worry about there either. Nothing bad will happen with Lieutenant Colonel Ian here. Not only that, but my Father also sent out the latest warships developed by the Hydra Legion. The equipment in this fleet is the greatest and latest in the Empire. I even gave the systems a once over just now and not a problem in sight."
Lin Yuan asked in surprise: "So you had gone to examine the systems?"
Brian laughed as he said: "If not that, then what did you think I was doing just now?"
Lin Yuan: "…"
He thought Brian was slacking off and stowed himself away somewhere to sleep, he didn't expect Brian to actually have such a high sense of self-responsibility and dutifully go with Lieutenant Colonel Ian to check the warship’s interior equipment system. Because of his relationship with Snow, Lin Yuan has always seen Brian in a not too pleasant light, but Brian is still quite reliable when it matters. After completing the upgrade of Suzaku in just one short day, Lin Yuan actually recognizes Brian’s ability in his heart.
Facing Brian’s smile, Lin Yuan also gave a friendly smile and said: “I hope nothing goes wrong throughout the duration of this journey. If all goes well, we will reach at Pavo tomorrow afternoon.”
Caesar smiled and laid a hand on Lin Yuan’s shoulder, he spoke softly: "Don't worry, I have a hunch, we should find and locate your fathers very soon."
Hearing what Caesar said, Lin Yuan couldn't help but feel happy.
Snow suddenly walked up to Lin Yuan and said: "Xiao Yuan, I have something I need to ask you, just between the two of us."
Lin Yuan glanced at Snow a bit confused. Seeing that Snow had a serious look on his face, he turned around and said to Caesar: “I’m going to go with Snow to the lounge. You help out with monitoring the navigation route, call me if there’s a problem."
Caesar nodded, "I’m right here, go right on ahead."
This put Lin Yuan at ease, he then took Snow and turned towards the direction of the private lounge.
Seeing the retreating figures of the two Omega’s turned backs, Brian shrugged somewhat helplessly and said: "Alas, these two brothers are running off again all hush-hush… Why is it that every time, they think that we’re nothing but excess baggage?"
Caesar smiled and said: "It's probably because they have something that isn’t fit for us to know about."
***
Caesar hit the bulls-eye, it was indeed unfit for those two Alphas to know of Snow's question to Lin Yuan.
After entering the lounge with Lin Yuan, Snow wasted no time and ripped the band-aid right off: "Xiao Yuan, you’ve been completely marked by Caesar, haven't you?"
Lin Yuan: "…"
Facing Snow’s unperturbed gaze, Lin Yuan's ears went a little red, he didn't know what to say.
That was way too blunt. Who would have thought he would have jumped straight to asking this kind of question, has studying medicine made his thinking so unabashed?
Seeing his younger brother blush, Snow became more certain of his previous conjecture, "How does your body feel after being marked? Is there any discomfort? Any fever?"
Lin Yuan: "…"
So it really was the tone a doctor consulting a patient would use.
For three days, with White Feather on the spacecraft keeping a constant guard on the door and isolating all freshly circulated air and sounds coming from the interior, the confidentiality measures should have been done perfectly. Even Snow believed the statement of him being sick. How could he suddenly ask him such a question?
Lin Yuan shook his head and said with some bewilderment: "How did you know?"
Snow replied, "One of the medicines my father brought you was an oral contraceptive, so I just went on from there."
So that was it…
Lin Yuan explained somewhat embarrassedly: "Well actually, the day before Uncle injected me with the inhibitor, because of a sudden reaction my body had, I took the pills that Dr. Fornt gave me and suppressed it for the time being. I didn’t think that the two medicines would have different compositions and affect each other. On the spacecraft, my inhibitor suddenly failed, so I asked for Caesar’s mark."
Thinking of the course of events leading to being marked, Lin Yuan's face went even redder and he even felt that he couldn't lift his head to face his brother.
Snow sometimes really felt that the nerves of this brother of his were awfully thick. For someone who was an Omega, he didn’t have the slightest awareness of being one. As his elder brother who also studied medicine, Snow felt that it was his duty to properly provide this little guy with some general scientific knowledge pertaining to Omegas.
After a moment of silence, Snow asked: "Did you take the emergency contraceptive Dad gave you on time?"
Lin Yuan said hurriedly: “I did."
Snow breathed out a sigh of relief and said: "Then that’s fine. I feared that you didn’t take the contraceptive pill in a moment of carelessness. If you get pregnant now, not only will you be expelled from school, but once your Omega identity is exposed, you may also attract a lot of trouble. Now isn’t the right time for you to get pregnant."
Lin Yuan said: "I know."
Snow then said: "You’ve been injecting inhibitors for a long time, the pheromone levels in your body are not very stable. Being abruptly marked is a great burden to the body. During this time, should you feel any discomfort, you must tell me immediately so that I can help you think up of measures to deal with it."
Lin Yuan nodded in earnest, "Okay."
Snow said, "Silver Snow, come and give a full examination to Xiao Yuan's body."
“Yes, Master."
The silver mech quickly came out of the space button at its master's call and shifted into a small humanoid mech. It used a probe to draw some blood out from Lin Yuan's veins for a quick lab assessment.
After a while, Silver Snow posted the assessment results in front of Snow. Snow carefully looked it over and finally relaxed. He smiled and said: "Fortunately, you got through this estrus without issue this time. Your pheromone level is currently stable. In three months, re-inject the inhibitor. Many Omegas aren’t very sure as to the time interval between estrus periods. You should be a bit more cautious."
Lin Yuan rushed his words: "I know."
Snow called for his brother alone, mainly because he was worried about his physical condition. There weren't any issues with his examination results, so he was able to relinquish his worries. After giving it some thought, Snow handed his e-reader to Lin Yuan, and briefed him in a whisper: "This here is a book, please take a closer look. In any case, we won’t arrive at Pavo until tomorrow afternoon. That is enough time for you to finish looking it over. If there is anything you don’t understand, don’t hesitate to ask me."
“What book is it?” Lin Yuan hesitantly turned the reader on, right as the screen turned on he saw a finely displayed electronic book.
“The Universal Handbook of Omega Physiology"
Inquisitively looking down the table of contents, Lin Yuan was soon thereafter struck dumb— Physiological Structure of Omega, Basic Estrus Knowledge of Omega, Detailed Processes and Precautions, Steps to Completely Marking Omega, Omega Pregnancy Symptoms, Pregnancy Precautions, Aftercare Plan Following Childbirth……
This book describes all the physiological knowledge pertaining to Omegas in great detail. Lin Yuan casually turned a page and flipped to the Complete Mark section which was so serious it went so far as to very scientifically depict the positioning of an Alpha and Omega doing a full mark.
The physiological organs in the picture— compromised of the Alpha’s sex organ and the Omega’s inner walls are drawn extremely true to life. The position of the prostate and the Omega’s deeper passageway was also marked out in detail. Even the principle of the child being born into creation following a complete mark is described…
Lin Yuan felt that his worldview was really pretty poor.
How could Snow let him see this kind of book with a straight face? Really, is everyone who studies medicine so blunt?
In reality, Snow gave Lin Yuan a book that was nearly in the hands of every Omega in the Empire. Dr. Wald had set it aside for Snow, Snow had studied it very carefully when he was ten years old.
Compared to Lin Yuan's ignorance, Snow seemed to have matured fairly early?
***
The Hydra Legion's fleet finally arrived near the Pavo Galaxy at 4 pm the next day.
After taking the third route onward, although it was a full day later than originally planned, fortunately, the journey was uneventful and everything went off without a hitch.
The warship made a pit stop over at the outer edge of the Pavo galaxy. Lin Yuan and several others closely looked over the star atlas simulation of the Pavo Galaxy.
—In this vast galaxy, excluding the large number of uninhabitable stars, the sheer number of unknown planets is also fairly impressive. Like the eyes on the tail of a peacock, they were spread over the entire starfield. Among so many planets, finding Rosen and Ling Yu’s exact position wasn’t going to be a walk in the park.
Lin Yuan lowered his head and contemplated for a moment. He looked around at the gathered crew and said: “It’s too time-consuming to scour through so many planets one by one. It would be better for me to take Suzaku to check in person. The speed of an S-Class mech is much faster than that of warships and within a certain distance from Black Dragon, Suzaku will be able to generate a connection…" Lin Yuan turned around and looked at everyone inquiringly, "What do you think?"
Zhou Yi frowned, "You going alone? Out of the question, I won’t be able to rest in peace!"
Lin Yuan Yuan said in all earnest: "Master if the fleet is to search on a planet by planet basis, it may not even be completed in ten and a half months."
Caesar rushed to speak: "I'll accompany you with White Feather, so the two of us can watch each other's back, isn’t that so?"
White Feather immediately followed up guns blazing, saying: "Yes, yes, correctamundo! I have a connection with Predecessor Black Dragon too!"
Zhou Yi couldn't help thinking in his mind: Why is this little prince so good to his apprentice?
He couldn't help give Caesar a puzzled look. Caesar turned to Zhou Yi and smiled, saying: "Pavo is far outside of the Federation’s border, so we shouldn’t encounter the Federation's Legions. On top of that, we have the two S-Class mechs, White Feather and Suzaku with us. Even if we encounter any danger, there’s no need to get too worried.”
Lin Yuan went along with his words: “That’s right, Caesar and I will pilot our S-Class mechs up ahead to map out our path, the fleet will follow behind as support. Master, do you think this is good?”
What Lin Yuan said was the quickest way. Taking advantage of the formidable jump speed and individual combat capability of an S-class mech, he and Caesar went out to a planet to probe out a path first, the huge warship followed at a relatively slow speed, providing aid and safeguarding. So long as they do not exceed a certain distance, the mech and the warship can maintain communication at any time.
Zhou Yi fell silent for a moment, then eventually nodded. Seeing that no one had had any objection to this, Lin Yuan and Caesar prepared to set off, summoning their mechs and having the warship release the hatch.
Out of nowhere, Snow suggested: "Is there a co-pilot seat in Suzaku? I'll come together with you."
He was still not confident about his younger brother's physical condition. He wanted to stay by Lin Yuan's side and Lin Yuan had no reason to refuse.
Snow wanted to come, and so Brian was naturally bound to follow after Caesar into White Feather's cockpit.
Preceding the rest of the fleet, the four people set off in the S-class mech, White Feather and Suzaku space jumped to the nearest minor planet at the fastest speed, then activated the detection system and circled around the planet, detecting whether or not there were traces of Black Dragon on it.
Even though the S-Class mech flew extremely fast, it took nearly half an hour to circle the entire planet, the results were nevertheless frustrating to no end— not a single trace of Black Dragon could be found on this planet, yet a plethora of baffling vegetation thrived.
Lin Yuan was pretending to be collected on the surface, but he was actually overcome with anxiety in his heart. He wished that he could immediately find the location of his two fathers and fly to their side in an instant, but he also knew that in the matter of looking for someone, it was nothing one should rush. He must stay calm and patient.
Taking a deep breath to put his emotions in check, Lin Yuan took the initiative to connect to White Feather's communicator, he smiled and said, "There’s nothing here, move onto the next one." He then designated a target point on a planet from the star atlas and sent it Caesar's way, "Let’s go look over here.”
There are many planets in Pavo, he searched them one by one and when the clock struck 10 in the evening, they had gone through around seven to eight planets in a row with nothing to show for it.
Lin Yuan's heart gradually grew a little uneasy…
After all, his parents being in Pavo had only a theoretical inference by Caesar and Berg, no one could say for sure whether it would hold up.
What if there were other pressing factors at that time, and Father piloted Black Dragon to another galaxy?
Or what if the two of them had encountered the Federation’s enemy forces during their voyage, what if something happened then?
So long as that possibility exists, they may not be in Pavo. Lin Yuan fixed his gaze onto the cosmic star atlas before him and he couldn't help tightening his grip on the navigation bridge.
Snow looked back at him and said: "Don't worry, there are still two planets left. If we really can't find them here, let's go to the nearby Apus Galaxy and look for them."
Suzaku perceived it’s Master’s depressed mood and softly comforted: "Master, as long as Black Dragon is still alive, it will surely protect the Marshal well. I have no doubt that both the Marshal and the General will be fine."
Lin Yuan spoke in a low voice: "I hope they are fine too, but… I’m a little worried, I want to find them as soon as possible…"
Snow put his hand on his younger brother's shoulder and said consolingly: "I understand."
Lin Yuan had been separated from his dad for many years and Snow understood his feelings about wanting to see his dad as soon as possible. At the time when he had been separated from his dad, he had also longed to see him again day and night…
Snow pointed to a small planet located on the top of the Pavo star atlas and said: "Let's continue looking over here, maybe we will find something."
Lin Yuan nodded and commanded Suzaku through the red nerve wire entwined around his fingers: "Suzaku, let's go."
***
He hadn't expected Snow's words to ring true. On the last planet in Pavo, sure enough, there was an unexpected discovery.
Through the majority of the planets they had gone through, the survivability of plants and animals was few and far in-between, but this planet had extremely lush forests. It was 10 o’clock in the evening, but strangely enough, on this planet daytime still reigned. The planet was shrouded in a beautiful purple light and the sight stretching out before their eyes were very clear. The strange trees in the forest are tall and dense and the oxygen quality in the air was higher than that of the Capital Star in Cepheus.
Lin Yuan's heart beat suddenly and fiercely. He looked at the large expanse of forest under his feet and said excitedly: "This planet is suitable for human habitation, maybe my dads are here! Suzaku, quick—”Suzaku immediately spread out its red wings and increased its flying speed, its red eyes flashed with dazzling brilliance.
White Feather excitedly stuck to Suzaku’s heels and said to Caesar: "Master, Master, this planet is so beautiful. I'll capture panoramic imaging of this planet as we fly by later! The lighting here is much nicer-looking than the white lighting of Cepheus. The plants in the forest also look pretty interesting. The rattans on those trees look like hair, the way they float around is very fascinating! What do you think?"
Caesar said helplessly: "…don't lose focus, pay attention to your detection system!"
Bai Yu: "…oh."
After a moment of silence, White Feather couldn't help but say: "Master, I didn't sense the existence of Predecessor Black Dragon, could it be shut down?"
In all reality, White Feather had just said this casually, because Senior Suzaku often said it couldn't stand their chatter and it would shut down. Unexpectedly, these words reminded Caesar of something in an instant as if he were enlightened by Buddha’s teachings—
That’s right, S-Class mechs can only detect each other after turning on the detection system. In ordinary circumstances, an S-Class mech would turn on its detection system so they didn't stop to consider this, but what if Black Dragon had just happened to shut down its detection system? Or, as White Feather said, Black Dragon just so happened to have shut down?
If that’s the case, then, Suzaku and White Feather wouldn’t be able to sense the existence of Black Dragon at all!
Thinking of this, Caesar immediately connected to Suzaku's communicator and said: "Xiao Yuan, it is possible that the Black Dragon has not activated its detection system and with that being that, we wouldn’t have been able to sense its existence at all!"
Lin Yuan was taken aback and came to the sudden realization: "Yes, I almost overlooked this bit. We have been relying on searching around the planets for them with the detection system, but if Black Dragon hasn’t initiated its reconnaissance system, that method just isn’t of any use!"
Caesar suggested: "This planet is very suitable for human habitation. Maybe they are here. We ought to fly at low altitudes and let Suzaku and White Feather carefully scan and search the surface.
Lin Yuan nodded immediately and said: "Okay, Suzaku, quickly descend."
Suzaku heeded its Master's command and suddenly dove downward, landing close to 100 meters from the ground. White Feather also followed and descended. Two huge S-Class mechs flew side by side and began to move carefully along the dense forest, scanning inch by inch.
***
In the cave, Rosen and Ling Yu were preparing to eat breakfast.
According to the Imperial Standard Time, it was now 10 o’clock in the evening, but on this planet, the sun had just made its way over the horizon. Day and night alternate very quickly. The 6 hours of nighttime and the 6 hours of daytime caused Rosen and Ling Yu’s biological clocks to fall out of order.
Rosen washed the picked fruits, put them on the plate, and handed them to Ling Yu.
Ling Yu still had no appetite whatsoever, he frowned and picked up a fruit before putting it back down.
Rosen placed the fruit in his hand and said in a low voice: "You must eat something even if you don’t feel like eating. You need the nourishment now… I just found this kind of fruit yesterday. Although it looks strange, it actually tastes pretty good. Wanna give it a try?"
Rosen thoughtfully helped Ling Yu peel off the skin and brought the tender inner white flesh up to Ling Yu's lips.
Ling Yu opened his mouth and Rosen immediately hand-fed the fruit to Ling Yu. What was surprising was that this fruit was sour and the taste was indeed quite good, and not only that, the sourness seemed to alleviate the nausea in his stomach.
Seeing Ling Yu eating the fruit, Rosen felt a burst of joy overtake his heart, he couldn't help peeling another fruit to hand feed him with.
Ling Yu was a little embarrassed and said: "I'll do it…”
Being hand-fed things like a child, such a scene had been unthinkable for Ling Yu, but just a moment ago, he actually opened his mouth of his own initiative and ate the food Rosen fed him?
…for this man's bottom line, it seemed to be getting lower and lower.
It was at this moment that Black Dragon’s golden eyes suddenly lit up as it stood in the doorway sparing no effort in gathering light—
In the sky not too far away, two mechs, one red and one white were flying slowly over the forest with their wings spread. The white and red mech’s searchlights projected large tracts of light on the ground, cementing the fact that they were carefully examining and scanning the scene within their projection range.
As soon as it saw the two mechs hovering over the forest, Black Dragon wasted no time in calmly turning on its detection system—
In those very same moments, in Suzaku's control cabin, a constantly flashing black dot appeared on its monitoring screen like a signal indication. Suzaku reported immediately: "Master, the mech, Black Dragon has been located up ahead, the target location is 173.97.1086…"
Lin Yuan widened his eyes in surprise, looking at the black dot, "Suzaku, move towards the target point!"
In fact, there was no need for Lin Yuan to issue a command, Suzaku flew towards the target point the moment it found the target location.
White Feather was leisurely scanning the landscape of the planet, seeing Predecessor Suzaku suddenly fly off somewhere, it took a closer look at its detection system. Sure enough, it found the Black Dragon’s location and immediately followed Suzaku seething in excitement.
In the cave, Black Dragon calmly returned to the cave and reported to Rosen: "Master, White Feather and Suzaku are here."
Rosen stared blankly ahead and Ling Yu raised his head in surprise. The two had yet to fully react and respond to the up and coming situation when they heard a clear and hearty voice laced with obvious excitement coming from the entrance of the cave: "Father!"
Rosen: "……………"
Rosen, who was about to feed Ling Yu a fruit, dropped the nicely peeled fruit to the ground with a resounding “plop”.
Chapter 105: Reunion
"Father!"
This voice sounds especially familiar and Xiao Yuan would also be the only one who would call him father— but how could Xiao Yuan be here?
Rosen was stunned and before he had time to react, he saw a young man abruptly burst into the cave and rush towards him as fast as his muscles could carry him.
Rosen: "……………"
The little guy who threw himself into his arms had his excitement written all over his face, his eyes shone as he raised his head to look at Rosen, speaking with joy bleeding through his voice: "I’ve finally found you! You really are okay, I’m so relieved…"
Getting to those words, his voice couldn't help but get choked up. Lin Yuan buried himself in his father's warm embrace and tightly hugged Rosen.
Rosen froze for a moment, feeling the faint trembling of the boy overcome with emotion as he threw himself into his arms. With his heart growing soft, he couldn't help but gently stroke his son's hair and ask in a low voice: "Xiao Yuan, how did you come looking here?"
Lin Yuan spoke through the tightness in his throat: "The Military Department announced the news of your death and said that your funeral would be held three days later. I thought…"
Rosen's heart received even more of a shock— while he was indeed missing for a little over a month, wouldn't the Glory Legion be looking for him all the while? With Lieutenant General Victor’s cautious personality, he would never rashly claim that the Marshal’s life had been lost to the public before his body was found… Oh, did they find the remnants of the Replica Black Dragon and mistakenly think it was his own mech?
Rosen quickly sorted his thoughts out and came to his senses, he couldn't help but tightly hug his son, his distress evident. Burrowing into his hold, he stroked the hair on his son’s head and comforted him with a soothing voice: "I'm okay, don't be sad."
Lin Yuan took a deep breath, he steadied his emotions and said cheerfully: "En, it’s great that you’re okay! It was Berg who saw that the mech was not Black Dragon and came to the conclusion that you hadn’t died, I just searched along the way!"
Rosen frowned: "You went looking by yourself?"
Lin Yuan spoke in a hurry: "No, General Drew sent a fleet to protect me, and Caesar, Brian, and Snow were there too. Even Master and Dr. Fornt came along. I just notified the fleet, they should be landing on this planet soon."
Rosen asked: "Did you run into anything dangerous on the way?"
Lin Yuan shook his head and said: "Everything went smoothly the whole way here."
Rosen gave a small smile before relinquishing his worries. Past every expectation of his, Xiao Yuan had come running to look for him. He was remarkably flabbergasted and surprised. However, since it was Berg and Drew who were backing them up, this was good news on top of good news. He and Ling Yu could return to Naomi Star ahead of plan.
Rosen looked back at Ling Yu, only to find that Ling Yu's face was a bit unnaturally stiff.
Words failed to describe Ling Yu’s frame of mind at this moment. Although he had seen what Xiao Yuan looked like as he grew up in the videos sent by Zhou Yi, looking on now as the child walks in front of him, it is an entirely different feeling than that of the one in the video recordings.
Xiao Yuan had grown up to be so big…
He was a tall and slender boy with clear and bright eyes, his face was still a mirror image of when he was a child, a bit of baby fat still remains. When he smiled, it would give others a feeling of warm sunshine blazing down upon them, so full of life.
Just now the scene of Xiao Yuan throwing himself into Rosen’s arms and Rosen hugging him back and consoling him with a gentle voice gave a great blow to Ling Yu's mind— he had no idea that the connection Rosen and Xiao Yuan had between each other after only knowing one another for a few months would be so powerful.
That scene of this father and son hugging gave Ling Yu's heart an incredible shock.
The blood that runs thicker than water, the love of one’s own flesh and blood is brought to life with the reunion granted to them despite every calamity past befallen— the son's worry and concern and the father's devotion and gentleness converge together, so naturally and so warmly.
This is the nature of the bloodline connections closely interwoven to form the future…
Ling Yu stared at the scene in a daze, unable to say a word.
In order to implement His Majesty’s plan, he founded an underground military base in Naomi Star. Knowing that his child was young and at an unsuitable age to go around living with him in such a dangerous place as the frontlines at Naomi Star, going against every fiber of his being, he sent Xiao Yuan away to a safe place and arranged for Zhou Yi and Fornt to take care of him more than he ever could have.
In the blink of an eye, fourteen years had flown by and the chubby little tot had already grown into a tall and slender young man…
When Xiao Yuan left his side, he was still a four-year-old child. He was ignorant and oblivious to the world. Ling Feng performed a memory removal operation on him. He shouldn’t have any memories at all concerning this dad of his…
Seeing him being so intimate with Rosen, Ling Yu felt the emergence of an inexplicable sense of loss— Xiao Yuan didn’t remember him, he was closer to Rosen. This was a very normal reaction, but the strange sense of loss enclosed around his heart like a pair of invisible hands, causing a sudden seizing pain to wash over his heart.
He even couldn't help but think of this little one when he was a child, he stuck himself to his side all day long, and the moment he saw him, he would go all smiles and hold his arms out in front of him. The scene of him calling out dad with his young and puerile voice would melt him down to his core, he’d then lift him up into his arms and go around looking for something nice for him to eat.
Yet now, he doesn’t even recognize him…
Rosen quickly noticed Ling Yu's mood shift and found that their father-and-son conversation was actually throwing up a wall between Ling Yu. Rosen made a smart move and immediately let Xiao Yuan go and spoke in a low voice: "Come and see your dad."
He then sent Xiao Yuan over to Ling Yu and said with a smile: "This is Ling Yu, your dad."
Xiao Yuan looked somewhat inquisitively at the other man standing beside Rosen— the man still wore a dark blue military uniform. His neat and tidy military uniform makes his figure all the more slender and straight. There was an icy indifference coating his delicate face, his lips were also tightly pressed together, his face seeming to hold no emotions. But in those first few seconds where the man raised his head, Lin Yuan was met with a pair of black and clear eyes, not unlike his own.
The feeling of looking at each other face to face put him on cloud nine…
The other parts of Lin Yuan's body held practically zero resemblance to his two fathers. It was only in his eyes where one could see a trait passed down by his dad, Ling Yu. The moment Lin Yuan met that man's eyes, Lin Yuan immediately recognized him—
He was Ling Yu, that was his dad.
The memories of his childhood flashed through his mind. This man had taught him how to speak and taught him how to read. He even found the time to take him to the beach to play by the sandy seaside, bake nice cakes for him, and when he was sent away, it was with a gentle voice that he explained to him: in the future, you must go on living with everything you’ve got…
Now that he has grown up, Lin Yuan can understand the reason why he had to send him away back then— as a general, taking a young child to the battlefield was a lose-lose situation for both parties. He sent him to a place where he could be safe under the protection of his subordinates. Such a thing is within reason.
It was never that he didn’t want him…
It was that he went through great pains to choose the most suitable environment for his son to grow up in…
Lin Yuan has never blamed his dad for leaving him behind. Seeing him again now, there was not the slightest bit of resentment in his heart. On the contrary, there was only immense joy and gratification in this time of their reunion.
After so many years had gone by, Dad seemed to have never changed at all?
He still looked beautiful and full of youth. His cold indifference was only surface level, Lin Yuan knew his dad was actually warm down in his core. In his fuzzy memories, he was a little gremlin when he was a child, he would go around causing trouble, yet his dad was never willing to give him a beating…
Fourteen whole years of parting may have made the originally close father and son become estranged, but at the moment of this reunion, the kinship in their blood brought their connection closer.
A watery sheen emerged in Lin Yuan's eyes, walking step by step up to Ling Yu, he called out, his throat closing up: "Dad…"
After he finished his words, Lin Yuan warmly threw himself into Ling Yu's arms as if not a day had gone by. He hugged his dad tightly, burrowing his head in his embrace, just as he did when he was a child.
Ling Yu: "…………."
He didn't expect Lin Yuan to be so outgoing and touchy-feely. He went straight into his arms the moment he saw him after so many years of separation.
The expression on Ling Yu's face was stiff, and then stiff some more, and for a while, he was thrown into a loop by his son's hug.
This little guy had such a soft body, being tightly held by him felt very nice. With his head full of hair buried in his chest, the feelings of dependence, trust, and longing for his dad are transferred right to the bottom of his heart, almost instantly knocking down all of Ling Yu’s walls.
Ling Yu awkwardly stood there at a loss for words, Rosen, however, looked completely content off to the side— he knew that Xiao Yuan was a delight, and no matter how cold and detached Ling Yu was, he had to lower his iceberg outer shell in front of such a lively and enthusiastic son.
Sure enough, Xiao Yuan did not disappoint him. Not only did he not lengthen the divide between Ling Yu, he threw himself into his dad's arms full of excitement as soon as they met, making Ling Yu, his haughty dad, also stand as stiff as a statue at a loss.
Seeing Ling Yu's face stiffened by his son's enthusiasm, Rosen's mood grew better and better. Sure enough, things were different having a lively son, their familial connection could no longer be broken off.
Being held by his son like an octopus, Ling Yu could barely breathe, but the little guy in his stomach seemed to want to make itself known. Ling Yu’s stomach was suddenly churned, he almost dry heaved in front of Lin Yuan.
Ling Yu immediately pushed Lin Yuan away, his face turned white as a sheet and he turned to the table, took a glass of water, and drank it.
Rosen noticed that something was wrong with him, so he hurriedly pulled Xiao Yuan over and explained, "Your dad is not feeling well, don't hold him like that."
Lin Yuan gave a committal hum and anxiously looked at Ling Yu: "Dad is sick?"
Ling Yu: "……………"
As a general, Ling Yu had never felt as pathetic as he did at this moment even when he was besieged by the enemy on the battlefield.
His eldest stood in front of him, asking his father deeply concerned about whether he was sick with a serious look on his face, while the little one was still making its existence known with its incessant nausea attacks— Ling Yu didn’t know how to even begin explaining it.
Everyone thought that he and Rosen were in peril. In the end, he and Rosen had actually spent three full days messing around on this strange planet, and even having a child in such dire straits?
If this information got out, the people of the military would surely laugh themselves to death.
Seeing Ling Yu's pale face, Rosen graciously stepped in and explained to Lin Yuan: "Your dad is not feeling too well after eating something bad. He just doesn’t feel well, it’s nothing too serious."
Ling Yu turned around and went back to the bed, he swept his bone-chillingly cold gaze over Rosen, yet Rosen only gave him an innocent smile in return.
Ling Yu looked at Xiao Yuan and found that this stupid son of his had completely fallen for his father's explanation; hook, line, and sinker. He smiled and said, "Oh, then go get some rest, Dad. I'll find some anti-nausea medicine for you later. We’ll be good to go tomorrow."
Ling Yu: "……….."
This big one and this little one will practically be the death of him.
Ling Yu hadn't properly spoken since seeing Xiao Yuan. Lin Yuan knew that his dad’s character had just always been like that so he didn’t take it to heart. He very happily took off the red space button necklace on his neck and held it up to Ling Yu: "Dad, this is Suzaku, I should give it back to you."
Suzaku came out of the space button and shifted into a humanoid mech. It stood in front of Ling Yu and spoke in a near whisper: "Master, I've returned."
Ling Yu: "…"
I've returned.
Just those few words said what even a thousand words couldn't.
I’ve returned, I’ve finally taken my place back at your side. Not once have I forgotten you through all of these years. My master is the sole Omega General of the Empire’s history. I am willing to protect you no matter the cost— my Master, Ling Yu.
Looking at the glaringly familiar plating of red, hearing that familiar voice entering his ears… a smidge of emotion suddenly emerged on Ling Yu's perpetually frozen solid face, his jet-black eyes also moistened.
This mech had once accompanied him through both fire and water and stood by him throughout the years of countless blazing battles in the war. He even placed his life in Suzaku’s hands. It could be said that Suzaku is his most trusted partner and even his closest friend whom he could talk to about anything and everything.
Unexpectedly, after nineteen years of separation, he and Suzaku could actually meet again.
Even more unexpectedly, Suzaku could do so without a scratch.
Suzaku took the initiative to stretch out its hand in front of Ling Yu, the ghost of a smile finally appeared on the corners of his mouth. He gently placed his slender fingers on the large metal palms of the red mech and whispered: "Suzaku, welcome back."
Suzaku nodded earnestly, the flickering of its red eyes seemed to display its happiness.
The tacit understanding between the master and its mech didn't require too many words. Ling Yu accepted the space button and Suzaku immediately returned to the space button at ease, dazzling red streams of light dissipating into the air.
Ling Yu then looked up at his son and said in a low voice: "…Xiao Yuan, you come here."
Lin Yuan walked to his dad's side and sat down obediently, "What's wrong, Dad?"
Ling Yu looked back at him with a serious tone, he asked, "Was it you who rescued Suzaku?"
As far as he knew, Suzaku should have been held captive in the museum. Yet it was taken along with Lin Yuan to Pavo, Ling Yu couldn’t even begin to rationalize it.
Facing his dad’s questioning gaze, Lin Yuan talked through the process of Suzaku's escape from the museum in full-disclosure. Everything from Caesar and Brian using underhanded means to downgrade Suzaku to C-Class and then exchanging it with the prize of the National Mech Competition, to how they ultimately kept the Mech Association in the dark. He carefully recounted the matter of him becoming Suzaku’s provisional master to his dad.
Ling Yu deeply frowned when he heard him and couldn't help saying: "You are too reckless, what if you had been discovered?"
It felt nice for his dad to worry over him. Lin Yuan smiled happily and said: "Not a chance. Brian is very highly skilled, there wasn’t a trace left behind of the modification process. Before we set off for this, Suzaku had also been upgraded back to S-Class. Except for a few of us who were already in the know, no one would ever expect that the prize given to me in the National Competition would be replaced by Suzaku."
Ling Yu heard the name "Caesar" repeatedly mentioned throughout his son's narration, he then asked: "The one you’ve mentioned… the roommate who thought up of the plan to swap Suzaku. Is he His Majesty’s son, the youngest prince Caesar?"
Lin Yuan nodded and said: "Yes, he’s helped me out a lot."
Ling Yu said: "Black Dragon just said that White Feather is also here. Did Caesar come together with you?"
Lin Yuan said: "Yes, they seem to be outside…"
Ling Yu said: "Let them come in."
Lin Yuan ran up to the entrance of the cave and said to the few people waiting outside the entrance: "You guys can come in!"
In reality, the matter of Caesar, Brian, and the others staying outside the cave was not that they didn't dare to enter, but rather that they wanted to give Lin Yuan a bit of alone time and some space. Lin Yuan must have had a lot to say when he met his parents again. It wasn’t good for a bunch of outsiders to crowd in on the scene.
Seeing Lin Yuan coming out to call them in, the three turned and walked into the cave.
Brian and Lin Yuan were nothing more than friends. He naturally didn’t have too much to say upon seeing his parents. He was just a bit curious about the legendary Omega General. He couldn’t help but look at the man standing next to the Marshal, secretly admiring in awe over the unique temperament of this Omega General.
Snow is not acquainted with the Marshal and it is his first time meeting Ling Yu, but Ling Yu is the younger twin brother of his dad, his take upon seeing Ling Yu is very amiable. As one from the younger generation, Snow should naturally greet him. After coming into contact with those black eyes that looked like a cardboard cutout of his own dad’s, Snow took the initiative to walk in front of Ling Yu and smile politely, saying: "So you are Uncle Ling Yu? I’m Snow."
Ling Yu and Snow had briefly encountered one another in the underground city, but the existing state of affairs at that time was pressing and he was knocked out with anesthetic effective immediately. He did not get to see him properly. It was at this time now that he was really looking at him, he found that Snow did not at all resemble his older brother, Ling Feng, but instead inherited Udir's azure eyes and platinum blonde hair. With his fair skin and slender build, he looked very delicate and gentle.
Ling Yu couldn't help but smile, he nodded and said: "Is your dad okay now? Is he with Udir?"
Snow nodded and said, "Yes, he is acting as a doctor and he stays with Father’s Rose Legion. Before setting off, he specially told to me to tell you to please not worry, he is safe now… Also, the Rose Legion’s communication lines are strictly monitored by the military’s defense network. When the moment comes, if you are in need of the Rose Legion’s assistance, you can connect with Dad’s communicator directly.”
He didn’t expect for Ling Feng’s son to be so sensible, Ling Yu felt very delighted. Seeing Snow’s gaze, he couldn’t help but be reassured, he nodded and said: “I see, I will contact your dad when I get back."
Ling Yu turned his gaze to the last tall young man. This youth looked very calm and firm. After entering the cave, he remained silent and the expression on his face was also very placid. So he was probably His Majesty Trent’s son?
Sure enough, after meeting Ling Yu's gaze, the young man was quick to deferentially say: "General, it's a pleasure to meet you, I am Caesar."
Ling Yu nodded, "Listening to what Xiao Yuan had to say, you helped him a lot in school? Saving Suzaku was also your idea?"
Caesar rushed to speak: "I just threw my two cents here and there, for the most part, it was just Xiao Yuan pulling through. Xiao Yuan winning the national competition championship on behalf of the school gave us the in to hide it from the Mech Association and swap Suzaku in."
Ling Yu said insipidly: "There’s no need to be so modest, thank you for taking care of Xiao Yuan at school."
Caesar: "…"
All of these compliments are simply overwhelming!
Although he maintained his composure on the surface, Caesar had already been holding back his cold sweat with clenched fists. The scene of being scolded by the Marshal still lives rent-free in his mind, clear as day. Finding out that General Ling Yu's personality is even more indifferent and proud, Caesar has already prepared himself for a ruthless chiding.
He didn’t expect that although General Ling Yu spoke with a cold indifference, he did not seem to be discontent with him in the slightest? He even thanked him for taking care of Xiao Yuan of his own accord? Could it be that he approved of the existence of this "son-in-law"?
In all reality, Caesar had really just thought too much into it. Lin Yuan hadn’t told his dad that he had been marked by Caesar. Ling Yu still thought that Caesar was a "nice, loyal roommate" and only thanked him out of politeness to express his gratitude. Lin Yuan, who had a thick skull, was too excited when he saw his dad. He completely forgot to tell him that Caesar was his Alpha and accidentally let Caesar escape this calamity unscathed instead.
Chapter 106: The Journey Back Home
Soon thereafter, the Hydra Legion fleet stationed at the rear also landed on this strange planet upon receiving Lin Yuan’s signal. Marching ahead the rest was naturally Lieutenant Colonel Zhou Yi and Dr. Fornt, their hearts nearly beating out of their chests. As soon as they saw Ling Yu in the cave, the two immediately stood upright at attention and gave a respectful military salute to Ling Yu: "General!"
Following the time of the Dark Night Legion’s disbandment, they both kept in contact with Ling Yu through both mail and electronic communications, and now, finally seeing General Ling Yu himself in person, Zhou Yi and Fornt’s excitement threatened to cause tears to spill from their eyes.
Ling Yu was also very excited when he saw his two trusted lieutenants, but the expression on his face was nonetheless calm, he smiled and nodded at them.
Zhou Yi immediately walked up to Ling Yu and asked in concern: "General, are you okay? I heard that you have been missing for more than a month. I was scared to death thinking that something happened to you."
Ling Yu spoke steadily: "I'm okay."
Though really, he wasn’t completely "okay." In this month, he was not only completely marked by Rosen yet again, but also pregnant with his second child. Of course, with Ling Yu’s proud personality, he could never tell such a thing to his subordinate, he could only say a simple "okay".
Fornt said in concern: "General, your complexion doesn't look so good, why don't I give you a thorough examination?"
As the former Captain of the Dark Night Legion’s medical team, Fornt personally took care of Ling Yu when he was ill. Ling Yu's face was indeed a bit unnaturally pale, Fornt suggested a comprehensive examination, Zhou Yi and Lin Yuan naturally agreed.
Zhou Yi quickly echoed after: "Yes, General, let Fornt examine you."
Lin Yuan also looked at him anxiously and said: "Dad, aren't you feeling unwell?"
Ling Yu waved him off with his hand and said: "No need… I know my own body better than anyone. We should just get going as soon as possible."
Fornt wanted to go on with saying something, but Ling Yu shut him up with a meaningful look and he was forced to drop it.
Rosen couldn't help taking a look at Ling Yu. Only he knew the real reason why Ling Yu had such a bad complexion— he was having severe pregnancy symptoms and after two consecutive days of vomiting, how could his complexion be good? But Ling Yu obviously doesn't want to let people know about his pregnancy. Apart from him disliking to disclose personal matters, there was another reason. He is now pregnant at a fairly unsuitable time and that fact being known would only invite more troubles.
Ling Yu didn't want to say it, Rosen naturally acted in tandem with him.
Although he was worried to death, Rosen pretended to effortlessly say on the surface: "It's nothing, General Ling Yu and I have been reliant on eating wild fruits to scrape by. He ate something bad, his complexion isn’t too good.”
Fornt looked at his general, seeing only Ling Yu's tranquil expression, he finally relinquished any lingering worries.
Ling Yu's heart on the other hand was still a little uneasy— From the second Xiao Yuan said that "the military announced the news of Rosen's death and the funeral will be held three days from now," that sense of dread had grown like vines rapidly sprouting in the bottom of his heart.
According to his time estimation, Xiao Yuan should have seen the news on TV three days ago. That is to say, the military will be holding a funeral for Marshal Rosen in the Capital Star of Cepheus any minute now.
If they don't head back as soon as possible, things might just go from bad to worse.
Ling Yu pondered for a moment and then calmly said: "I will pilot Suzaku directly through the Isville Cosmic Wormhole so that I can reach Naomi Star in eight hours. Time is running out, we must return immediately."
Rosen frowned and objected: "I know you are in a hurry to go back, but the risk of doing so is too great. I cannot let you take this risk."
Ling Yu looked back to look at him and said gravely: "The funeral of the Imperial Marshal will be starting soon. We must make every single second count. Do you want to see the Glory Legion be seated under another name? Do you want to see your own portrait hung in the Cemetery of Revolutionary Martyrs of the Capital Star?"
Rosen: "……"
Had it not been for Xiao Yuan coming to find them so out of the blue, they wouldn’t have expected the military to handle matters like this. After all, the life and death of the Imperial Marshal should not be so easily decided before the body is found. Even if the mech fragments were found, they should also be carefully verified. The specialist team would analyze the composition and structure of the wreck in detail, they will then reconstruct the wreck into a 3D simulation, analyze the probability of the master’s escape, etc…. Such careful inspection and verification would take at least half a month.
However, the military seems to be quite eager to announce the news of the Marshal's death. It has become clear that things are not so simple.
Although Rosen was very worried that taking this risk with Ling Yu pregnant would present harm to his body, as the commander-in-chief of the military, he should naturally focus on the big picture in these crucial moments. After lowering his head to think things over for a while, Rosen finally came to a ruling. Looking at Ling Yu, he whispered: "Alright, then I will return with you, Black Dragon, and Suzaku ahead of the others and go directly through the cosmic wormhole. We will strive to get to Naomi Star in as short of time as possible.”
Ling Yu smiled and nodded at Rosen.
—I am not someone weak who needs your worry and protection. Even if I am pregnant, I will use my own strength to protect this child. I won’t be hiding behind you for an eternity.
—Being able to walk side by side with you is what I, Ling Yu, like to do the most, Rosen, don’t you see that now?
Rosen saw right through the thoughts that bled through his resolute and firm gaze, his heart was shaken yet at the same time he felt unbelievably gratified.
—That’s right, his Ling Yu doesn't need anyone's protection. As a general, Ling Yu is more than able to protect himself.
—And as Ling Yu’s Alpha, the best thing to do is not to always be thinking about how to protect Ling Yu, but rather, to understand him, support him, and allow him enough trust and freedom.
When Rosen rescued Ling Yu, he didn’t think these things through clearly. He just wanted to do his best to protect Ling Yu. He wanted to allow Ling Yu to stay at home and give birth to their child without the need for worry. This decision undoubtedly poked Ling Yu’s sore spot, making the prideful Ling Yu choose to leave.
It wasn’t until this moment that Rosen fully realized just how stupid he was back then.
After living through so many years, at this moment, with just a simple glance Rosen finally understood Ling Yu’s innermost thoughts. From Ling Yu's point of view, what Rosen saw was not the fragility and helplessness that a pregnant Omega should have, but the firmness and persistence of a military general.
Nothing about Ling Yu has changed.
He was still the Major General of the Imperial Dark Night Legion who made his subordinates swear their dying loyalty to him and made the enemy forces tremble at the slightest breeze!
If you have such a battlefield companion, have such a lover, what more could Rosen have left to say?
With a simple shared look between them, they had rekindled the deep connection they held between one another as they did those years they spent fighting on the battlefield side by side.
Coming into contact with Ling Yu’s gaze, the corners of his mouth also pulled into a smile.
The two looked straight at each other tacitly and then respectively moved their gazes away as if their mind were on the same wavelength. Rosen looked back at the group of people and said: "Who was in command of the Hydra Legion's fleet prior to this?"
Lieutenant Colonel Ian of the Hydra Legion immediately saluted, saying: "Responding to the Marshal, General temporarily appointed Lin Yuan as the commander. he led us to Pavo to locate your whereabouts."
Rosen looked at Lin Yuan in shock.
Lin Yuan sheepishly smiled at his father and said: "Because I brought Suzaku to find Black Dragon, General Drew let me temporarily command the fleet on the route going onward… In fact, I was so lucky to have had Lieutenant Colonel Ian's help along the way, I have absolutely no experience in commanding a fleet."
His son's modesty and earnesty made Rosen break out into an uncontrollable smile, he called Lin Yuan over to his side and asked in a low voice: "On the way back, do you want to continue being the commander?"
Lin Yuan lowered his voice and said: "…I want to be with Dad, can I?"
After he finished speaking, his glistening eyes looked off to the side at the man with a cold expression.
Although Ling Yu's face had always had a cold indifference about it, Lin Yuan felt that he was especially close and dear to him.
The moment he saw this man, the memories of childhood came pouring out of his mind in an endless flowing torrent. Lin Yuan remembered everything, how his dad was actually very kind-hearted and how well he treated him too… For some reason, he couldn't help but want to be a bit closer to his dad.
Ling Yu: "……"
Faced with his son’s anxious pitch-black eyes aimed right at him, it was physically impossible for him to speak out any words of refusal.
After a moment of silence, Ling Yu said: "Okay, then you come with me."
Lin Yuan immediately said with great enthusiasm: "Great, I will go back with you and the fleet will be handed over to Lieutenant Colonel Ian. With his rich experience, there most certainly won’t be any problems."
Rosen nodded and said to Lieutenant Colonel Ian: "Then it’s been decided. General Ling Yu and I will return to Naomi Star ahead of the others. We will pilot our S-Class mechs directly through the cosmic wormhole. You are to be left in charge of the fleet, continue forward if the surrounding area of the wormhole stays within the expected range, keep in touch should there be any problems."
Lieutenant Colonel Ian promptly saluted: “Understood! Marshal!”
***
The group made no further pit stops and immediately set off on the journey back to Naomi Star after coming to a general consensus on the route.
Black Dragon and Suzaku took their masters one pace up ahead of the others, everyone else tailed at the rear of the fleet to provide support.
Ling Yu had already drawn up the quickest route for the return journey during his time spent in the cave and soon computed the route so that Suzaku could conduct a space jump right to the target point. Black Dragon and Suzaku had been companions for many years, it followed Suzaku tacitly, the time interval separating their respective space jumps wasn’t greater than a single second.
Very soon, the two mechs, one black and one red, were completely swallowed into the vast universe.
Hydra Legion fleet, on the bridge, Brian looked at the two small dots fading into the distance, one black and one red, he finally couldn’t help asking: “Even though crossing through the wormhole is the quickest way, I still think it’s much too big of a risk, isn’t it?”
Snow spoke coolly: “They should know that better than anyone. Since they were able to pilot through level 6 spacial shocks at the time of their escape, they ought to have carefully studied this cosmic wormhole… It certainly won’t pose any problems for them."
Facing Snow's serious gaze, Brian immediately agreed with him: "Yes, yes, what you say does make sense."
Snow: "……"
Caesar had not heard Brian and Snow’s exchange, he was currently frowning in worry.
As it so happened, he really wanted to accompany Xiao Yuan, but Xiao Yuan wanted to be together with his dad and Caesar didn't have a thick enough face to squeeze into Suzaku's control cabin with Xiao Yuan. He had wanted White Feather to tail behind for cover, but unfortunately, White Feather had been in a state of excitement ever since it caught sight of Black Dragon. It unintelligibly rambled: "Why doesn’t Predesscor Black Dragon hate talking? Why is it so distant, why does it ignore me when I greet it? Hadn’t it seen me?"
…when Suzaku is together with you, it is always bothered to the point of wanting to shut down, yet you still wish for Predecessor Black Dragon to say hello to you with a smile? You hopped around like a madman and spit torrents of word-vomit out at it. The fact that Black Dragon didn’t slap you right then and there could serve as a testament to its self-control.
Caesar really had nothing more to say about this chatter-box mech.
It'd be best for him to not let this guy follow after and stir up trouble, right? Causing a ruckus in front of Marshal Rosen and General Ling Yu would only give a terrible impression, ah…
So, Caesar could only swallow this bitter pill and stay behind in the Hydra Legion’s fleet with White Feather, Brian, and the rest, looking on helplessly as his Omega and his two terrifying fathers disappeared into the vast and obscure universe in their mechs.
***
Inside the control cabin of Suzaku. The red nerve line was gently wrapped around Ling Yu's hand. After many years of separation, Suzaku and Ling Yu had completed a mental compatibility match and their compatibility easily exceeded 300%.
Seeing Lin Yuan sitting in the co-pilot seat and looking at him curiously and in amazement, Ling Yu couldn't help but smile and ask in a low voice: "You’ve piloted Suzaku before, haven’t you? How high of a compatibility did you have?"
Lin Yuan bashfully said: "I only got 100%…"
Ling Yu said: "It is already pretty good to get up to 100% your first time piloting. Suzaku is not a newly manufactured mech after all. There are too many memories left in its intelligence center. Your mental threshold should be quite high to be able to pair with such a mech.”
Lin Yuan spoke out of curiosity: “By the way, Dad, I heard that out of all the generals to this day who were in possession of an S-Class mech, your mental threshold is the highest one, is that true?"
Ling Yu shook his head and said: "No, your father is the one who has the highest."
Lin Yuan was a bit taken aback: "Father is the highest?"
Ling Yu said: "En, Mr. Aston had tested us privately, Rosen's mental threshold was 10 points higher than mine… In all honesty, though, an excellent mech pilot is not judged solely by their mental threshold. it also depends on the degree of harmonization between them and their respective mech. Black Dragon tends to be unyielding while Suzaku is more on the flexible side. Although my mental threshold is lower than that of Rosen’s, I really have a 50-50 chance of winning."
Lin Yuan tilted his head off to the side and attempted to envision how Black Dragon and Suzaku would fight… Uh, it’s honestly impossible to picture it.
Lin Yuan couldn't help but smile and say: "I think that if you guys fought, you would have a 0:10 chance of winning. Dad would definitely win."
Ling Yu was thrown in for a loop, "Why do you say that?"
Lin Yuan said in all seriousness: "Father would certainly hate to lay a hand on you, ah, he’d let you win."
Ling Yu: "…………"
Ling Yu couldn't help being embarrassed when his son said such a thing right to his face. If they really were having a battle, Ling Yu would indeed go all out, but with Rosen's character, or a genuine outburst of chauvinism, would he just let his Omega win?
Lin Yuan had actually wanted to close the distance between him and his dad with a joke, but when the joke got to his ice-cold dad, it didn’t seem to be very well received? Could he not have reconciled with Father yet? Did this joke cross a line?
His dad hadn’t said anything, Lin Yuan was also forced to lower his head and say nothing more.
The atmosphere in the control cabin was a bit awkward for a while.
Ling Yu was silent for a bit, then touched his nose. He coughed lightly and changed the subject: "Has Berg told you about the Nine-Tailed Fox?"
Lin Yuan replied obediently; "The Nine-Tailed Fox, isn’t that the SS-Class mech?"
"En." Ling Yu looked back at his son, "Have you ever experienced piloting an S-Class mech?"
Lin Yuan said hurriedly: "I haven’t. The last time after I matched with Suzaku, the stress was too much for me and I fainted… From then on out, Suzaku was downgraded to C-Class and I hadn’t piloted it."
Ling Yu gave it some thought for a while and said: "Then let me teach you."
Lin Yuan's eyes immediately lit up, "Can you?"
The child, with bright glistening eyes, was just as cute as when he was fed good things as a child…
Ling Yu couldn't help smiling and said: "It's okay, the route is already set and it’s still a few hours until our arrival to Naomi Star. There isn’t anything else to do along the way. I may as well teach you some techniques for piloting S-Class mechs."
Lin Yuan bolted upright and insistently put his hand on Suzaku's nerve wire, "Great!"
Ling Yu asked Suzaku to connect a subset of the nerve circuit to Lin Yuan's hand, accepting the consciousness stored in Lin Yuan's mind and quietly ordered Suzaku: "Suzaku, you don't need to conduct a compatibility match with Xiao Yuan. You just need to temporarily transfer part of the piloting authority to Xiao Yuan and obey his commands."
Suzaku said softly: "I see, Master."
Ling Yu looked at his excited son and said: "Xiao Yuan, S-Class mechs aren’t like the C-Class mechs you have piloted before, there’s no need to use the keypad to control it. From now on, you need to forget all of the button commands."
Lin Yuan said in confusion: “Forget every single one?”
Ling Yu said, "Correct, the commands for piloting C-Class mechs are different from those of an S-Class. Those commands will affect your judgment. When piloting an S-Class mecha, you need to entirely unlearn C-class mech piloting commands."
"…I see." Lin Yuan closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and readied himself.
Ling Yu continued on: "An S-Class mech will directly accept its master's consciousness. Whatever you think of, the mech will execute any command. Therefore, when piloting an S-Class mech, you must maintain a high level of concentration…"
Seeing that Lin Yuan's focus began to become centralized and the preparatory work was finalized, Ling Yu then said: "We’re about to leave Pavo. Now try to concentrate and give the mech an order for its next action."
Lin Yuan stared closely at the simulated star atlas in front of him, as expected, the vast Pavo Galaxy gradually faded away on the screen. On the basis of the previous plan, they should take the closest route through the wormhole of the universe. Lin Yuan thought to himself, should he space jump into the wormhole now?
Suzaku should jump to… this coordinate works just fine.
Unexpectedly, right as the thought crossed his mind before his finger could even point to the coordinate point, the blazing mech suddenly increased its speed and dived to the boundary—
The surrounding airflow was rapidly compressed down at a constant rate, the space seemed to be distorted like a thin, flimsy piece of paper being crumpled, and then, with a bang, the mech directly penetrated through the spacial barrier and entered the Isville Cosmic Wormhole, the precise coordinate point that Lin Yuan had thought of.
Lin Yuan: "………"
The entirety of the wormhole was so dark that there wasn’t even a single speck of starlight to be seen, the view outside the porthole was filled with a suffocating amount of cosmic dust and spacecraft debris…
Lin Yuan laughed excitedly: "The jump was successful! Dad, this is the Iswell Cosmic Wormhole, right? How amazing, as soon as the jump route crossed my mind, Suzaku directly followed through with the order!”
Seeing how the child was nearly hopping around in excitement, Ling Yu couldn't help but slightly lift his lips into a smile, he stretched out his hand and lightly ruffled his hair, saying in a soft tone: "You did a good job, the route of the jump was chosen perfectly."
Lin Yuan was taken aback and looked back at Ling Yu in turmoil…
With a separation of fourteen years dividing the father and son, some unfamiliarity was to be expected, but at this moment, the feeling of his head being lightly ruffled by this perpetually cold and indifferent man made Lin Yuan so happy that he could hardly tell North from South. He couldn't help but think back to a scene of his childhood, nestling himself into his hold and eating things. The more he thinks of it, the warmer he felt…
In fact, his dad, Ling Yu doesn't dislike him, he just wasn’t good at expressing things, his dad's temperament was just awkward.
Lin Yuan smiled in understanding.
Ling Yu saw his son smile in pure joy and thought that piloting an S-Class mech was the cause for his stirred emotions.
So, Ling Yu, who intended to instruct his son, surrendered full piloting authority Suzaku's to his son. He then supervised from the side, letting Lin Yuan pilot Suzaku through the wormhole.
Tailing from behind, Rosen, had his heart practically shoot up to his throat—
My God, what was going on with Suzaku? It was flying all over the place in the cosmic wormhole! As a result, there were several instances where Rosen’s heart nearly gave out! Fortunately, it finally stabilized with the only scars being on Rosen’s mental health! Otherwise, Rosen felt like he was going to lose it…
What kind of joke was this, sitting in that control cabin was no one but the two people he valued the ​​most… oh correction, make that three people.
Ling Yu, you’re pregnant now, can you not put me through such heart-wrenching mental ordeals?
Seeing Suzaku once again thrillingly brush by an enormous spacecraft wreck, the exasperated Rosen finally connected to Suzaku's communicator at the end of his wits and asked in a low voice: "Ling Yu, what’s going on with you? Suzaku almost ran right into that spacecraft wreckage just now… What’s this all about?"
With Ling Yu's piloting skills, such a rookie mistake shouldn’t have ever come to fruition. Suzaku was running into things like it’d drank itself drunk, but right in the second before impact, it suddenly turned sideways and just had a passing glance with the remains… It's practically taking his heart on a rollercoaster.
Rosen was nervous enough to put him into an early grave, but Ling Yu nonchalantly said: "Oh, I'm teaching Xiao Yuan how to pilot an S-Class mech."
Lin Yuan nodded ecstatically: "Yeah, Dad is teaching me one-on-one. That was on me just now, I accidentally went the wrong direction."
Ling Yu smiled and continued to guide Lin Yuan, piloting Suzaku to set the stage for a "thrilling moment."
Rosen: "………"
The big monster teaches the little monster how to play with mechs and Rosen is left to watch on the edge of his seat from behind… As a father, won’t he be driven to madness at this rate?
(
TN
: Six days off work to fly to another state… the feeling of not working a 40 hour week sure is magical. I'm so happy I could push through and update so close together! Also, F in the chat for driving lessons, those are scary af in this world too. Feel ya Rosen 😀 Edit: I found an embarrassing typo… I wonder just how many are in this translation as a whole. Yikes. That's on not having an editor or proof-reader.）
Chapter 107: The Naomi Star Blockade
Chapter 107 The Naomi Star Blockade
It was indisputable to all that Lin Yuan had inherited the excellent genes of his two fathers, Rosen and Ling Yu, he had a natural gift for piloting mechs. Ling Yu had only given him a bit of a guiding hand before Lin Yuan quickly familiarized himself with the S-Class mech piloting process and concentrated on piloting Suzaku through the cosmic wormhole.
Under his consciousness's guidance, Suzaku was like a nimble little bird bestowed with a soul.
There were a few choice times Ling Yu thought that this child wouldn't be able to smoothly get by an obstacle, but when he piloted Suzaku by himself, Lin Yuan actually made it through with more mental scars than physical ones with his quick reaction ability.
Seeing his son's earnest and excited appearance, Ling Yu's heart is also very delighted.
Seeing that Suzaku would soon be passing the Pavo Starfield, Ling Yu then spoke in a hushed manner: "Xiao Yuan, let me take over."
Lin Yuan paused, then reluctantly returned the piloting authority to his dad.
Seeing the unwilling look on his face, Ling Yu couldn't help but smile and say: "Don't be so impatient, there will be many opportunities in the future. When that time comes again, Dad will teach you one-on-one… the journey from here on out will be very dangerous, it’s safer for me to pilot.”
Lin Yuan nodded conscientiously, “I understand, Dad!”
The last part of their journey was the most peaceful part of the cosmic wormhole. This was also why Ling Yu dared to teach Lin Yuan to pilot at all. The route from here to Naomi Star would be very dangerous. Although he wanted to teach his son himself, Ling Yu comfortably took back his piloting authority to avoid any incidents.
As if their brains were working on the same wavelength, Rosen soon thereafter connected to Suzaku's communicator and said sternly: "Ling Yu, you better start piloting yourself. There will be no lack of opportunities to teach Xiao Yuan in the future. Do not take any risks in this wormhole!"
The big monster coached from the sidelines while the little monster piloted Suzaku like a madman through the cosmic wormhole…
Watching from behind, Rosen was well on his way to having a heart attack. If this goes on any longer, Rosen wouldn’t be able to bear such torture.
The two parents really had their minds running on the same wavelength, Lin Yuan smiled and said, "Dad has already taken back the piloting authority."
Ling Yu nodded and said to Rosen: "Don't worry."
Rosen still couldn't cease his worries, he frowned and came to a decision: "I'll lead ahead, you follow."
As he finished speaking, Black Dragon immediately increased its speed and barreled directly ahead of Suzaku.
With Black Dragon leading the way, Ling Yu practically didn’t have to make any effort, he just let Suzaku follow Black Dragon.
***
In reality, so long as there weren’t any large-scale spatial shocks, the obstacles drifting in the cosmic wormhole were nothing in the face of mech pilots with skills on Rosen and Ling Yu’s level. It was like a vehicle going the posted speed on a high-speed lane, so long as you bypass it, no harm could come your way.
But as soon as a spatial shock occurs, those large obstacles will violently shift around in the wormhole due to the fluctuation of the airflow, just like a pile-up accident on an expressway, traveling between the scene of an accident would be extremely dangerous in nature.
Fortunately, the stars were in their favor. After carefully surveilling the area, there was no sign that any spatial shocks would occur in the Isville Cosmic Wormhole anytime soon, Black Dragon and Suzaku navigated through the whole journey smooth as butter.
In the control cabin, Ling Yu looked upon his son’s excitement and couldn’t help asking: “Xiao Yuan, do you have an idea as to what happened when you were a child?”
Lin Yuan thought before he spoke: “I only recall living together with you a little before I was four on a warm planet, a place with an ocean… I was sent to Planet Rennes after I turned four years old. I don't remember the rest clearly."
Ling Yu fell silent for a moment, "You don't have any questions about what happened back then? Don’t you blame Dad for sending you away?”
Lin Yuan smiled and said, “It doesn’t matter anymore. I know that Dad must have had no other choice but to send me away. You are a general and there are many things needed to be taken into consideration. I heard that when Dad escaped from Cepheus, there was no shortage of difficulties, the military had listed you as a wanted criminal too… You gave birth to me under such difficult circumstances and gave me the gift of life. What reason is there to blame Dad?"
Lin Yuan looked back at Ling Yu and said with his heart on his sleeve: "If I don’t show compassion towards Dad, then who will?"
Ling Yu: "…"
Lin Yuan smiled and said: "Don't take it to heart, Dad, I’ve never blamed you."
Ling Yu was silent for a long time before he finally put his hand on his son's head and lightly stroked it, even his heart was a bit touched—
A good child, this is Ling Yu’s son!
As an Omega, he should know how difficult it is for an Omega in this Empire. To say nothing of the risks Ling Yu took to become a high-ranking officer in the military. As the Legion Head of the Dark Night Legion, he shoulders far too many responsibilities and life-callings.
If Lin Yuan could still blame his Dad for this, how could he be worthy of Ling Yu's painstaking efforts?
In those trying times, Ling Yu had ten thousand justifiable reasons to rid himself of that unborn child inside of him, but still, he gave birth to his son through hardships and gave Lin Yuan a bright new life; later he took the four-year-old young boy and sent him to Planet Rennes where he dispatched his most trusted subordinates to take care and watch over him, giving Lin Yuan a peaceful life, one free of worry.
With such a Dad, Lin Yuan only had admiration and respect in his heart, there was no blame harbored anywhere.
As the Empire’s only Omega General— the son of General Ling Yu— Lin Yuan only felt an incomparable sense of pride.
Looking at his son's earnest black eyes, Ling Yu couldn't help but give a small smile and gently place his hands on his abdomen.
His heart had been soft back then, he did not abort the fetus inside of him and gave birth to Xiao Yuan under difficult circumstances. Over the years, watching that child grow up little by little, he never regretted the decision he made that year.
This time, although the timing of this pregnancy was less than opportune, Ling Yu looked at his caring eldest son in front of him and somehow, Ling Yu was reluctant to part with the baby inside of him…
Lin Yuan is a nice and sensible boy, he will definitely be a good big brother too.
In the future, this little guy would be there to accompany Lin Yuan… maybe it won't be so bad after all?
Rosen, who was piloting Black Dragon up ahead did not expect that Lin Yuan's thoughtful words caused Ling Yu to wholly change his mind.
***
Black Dragon and Suzaku navigated through the cosmic wormhole for six full hours.
Lin Yuan looked on as his parents piloted past those enormous wrecks from the sidelines, it was like watching a thrilling and exciting 3D action movie right before his eyes.
Several times, Lin Yuan had been so sure that Suzaku was on a collision course straight into a wreck. He couldn't help tightly clenching his fists, his whole body drenched with cold sweat, readying himself to breathe his last breath… In the end, every single time, under Ling Yu’s cool-headed direction, disaster was averted.
It was just as if Suzaku had been bestowed a soul from its master, cleverly brushing by those colossus masses by a hair’s breadth.
Two mechs, one black and one red, blasted through the wormhole at a speed approaching that of the speed of light, just as fish freely swimming in the ocean did.
Lin Yuan watched the god-like operation of his dad, Ling Yu, and gradually mellowed out.
Regardless, no matter how dangerous the situation is, Dad would react at the drop of a hat…
Dad's mech piloting level was truly amazing.
After that, forget about being worried to death, Lin Yuan was even drowsy enough to fall asleep.
In order to find his two fathers, he hadn't slept for two whole days, he honestly couldn’t go on like this…
Ling Yu looked at the little guy resting his body on the control panel breathing evenly and lightly snoring, Ling Yu couldn't help but give a small smile. He took off his military coat and carefully placed it on his son.
Black Dragon and Suzaku soon reached the outer edge of the Isville Galaxy.
Ling Yu then gently touched his son's head and said: "Xiao Yuan, wake up."
Lin Yuan lifted his head up, rubbed his bleary eyes, and asked, "Have we arrived so soon?"
Ling Yu turned around and said: "En… Are you tired?"
It was only natural that Lin Yuan wouldn’t shine a light on the fact that he hadn't had a good night’s sleep for the past two days. Lin Yuan faced his dad's worried look with a nonchalant grin, he scratched his head and said: "Not really, I just got a bit drowsy there for a bit and fell asleep."
Ling Yu no longer broached the subject, he connected to Black Dragon’s communicator and said: "Rosen, don’t approach the space station’s detection range, contact Drew and ask for an update of the situation."
Rosen nodded and said: "Alright"
Before the conflict, the Isville Space Station that had been completely and utterly destroyed was already finished with its repairs.
What was strange was the frequent passing of a patrol unit in the area, they were heavily guarded, it was as if something major had happened. What was even more surprising was that the communication signal between Rosen and the Hydra Legion was directly intercepted by the defense network.
Rosen frowned and said in a low voice: "I can't get in touch with Drew, can you try giving Berg a shot?"
Ling Yu immediately tried to connect Berg's personal communicator using the secret code used in The Undercurrent. After a good while, a connection was established through the communicator. Berg looked at the Ling Yu that appeared on the projection screen in front of him and said in utter disbelief: "Ling Yu? You’ve returned?"
Ling Yu nodded and asked: "What is the situation with Naomi Star? What's the matter? Why are the communication signals being fully intercepted?"
Berg walked up to the corner of the room and said in a low voice: "Before when the military sent people to take away the remains of the Black Dragon Replica, it was entirely in the outer regions of the Isville Galaxy. They instilled the highest possible authority to install a signal interception network, saying that they feared the Federation’s hostile forces stealing information… In reality, all communications between Naomi Star and the outside will be filtered and intercepted by this defense network, most of the content held within the communications will even be intercepted by the military and monitored."
Ling Yu's gaze froze over, "Worrying about the theft of information by the Federation’s hostile forces? What complete and utter nonsense! Monitoring the movements of the Glory Legion and the Hydra Legion is their true objective, right?"
Berg nodded, saying: "That‘s right. But at that time, two generals had come together and proposed such a fair and honorable reason. It wouldn’t have looked good for Drew to publicly oppose it, so he could only let them set up an external defense network."
Ling Yu frowned, "It seems that once we land on Naomi Star, the military will receive wind of it the moment the dust settles."
Berg lowered his head and thought for a while before speaking: "I can't find any openings in the patrol to allow you to land on Naomi Star at present. The fleet of that the Hydra Legion had previously dispatched, the disappearance of this fleet for the past two days has already caught the military’s eye. Naomi Star is under the watchful eye of the military. I cannot hold a conversation with you for more than a 1 minute period, otherwise, it is highly likely to put a blip on their radar."
The communicator used in the Undercurrent organization was designed and manufactured by Berg himself, which can be used for short instances. It could evade the military’s defense network authentication for a brief time. But the ‘defense' in the defense network name wasn't just a filler word. Once the conversation exceeds one minute, suspicious signal sources will still be seized.
Ling Yu said: "Rosen and I will land somewhere else first and think of another way to contact you."
Berg said: "Okay."
Ling Yu effectively ended the connection between the communicators and took a closer look at the cosmic star atlas— they couldn't pilot the mech at a stopping point anywhere over here, in that case, they would be caught by the reconnaissance team at Naomi Star in no time flat. Finding someplace to land as soon as they could was the only thing they could do. The Isville Galaxy was situated between the Empire and the Federation. The border of the Empire was up north and down to the south was a piece of land widely known as No Man’s Land, they couldn’t bypass where they currently were to return to the Empire, so…
Rosen said, “Let's go to No Man’s Land first, then go on from there?"
Ling Yu nodded and said: "Sounds good to me."
The two no longer wasted time speaking needless words. With an understanding reached where an exchange of words was needless, Black Dragon and Suzaku reversed their directions and directly broke through the atmosphere, descending down into the cosmic dead zone in the outer stretches of the Isville Galaxy— the Hylte Starfield.
The reason why this starfield was called No Man’s Land was that there was not a single living thing on this planet.
There weren’t any natural resources, no other life forms, and no oxygen. The starfield made up of five large planets was desolate. Whether it was a passenger spacecraft or a military fleet making its way through, almost no one has ever landed here. In addition, it lacked a space station and there wasn’t a way to connect with the outside world either. This cosmic dead zone was just like an empty graveyard.
***
After Black Dragon and Suzaku landed on the planet together, they simultaneously turned on their illuminated searchlights.
One gold and one red, the two rays of light illuminate the desolate planet. Through the portholes on the side of the craft, one could see the pitted and unlevel surface of the planet. With zero oxygen content and without a living, breathing creature in sight, the barren ground that stretched on endlessly made a coldness uncontrollably wash over from the bottom of one’s heart.
Fortunately, there was enough oxygen in the control cabin, so long as they do not exit the control cabin, they can still persevere for a good few days.
Lin Yuan looked at the desolate sight before him outside the porthole and couldn't help asking: "Dad, is this the Hylte Starfield’s No Man's Land of the universe?"
Ling Yu said in amazement: "How did you know that?"
Lin Yuan said earnestly: "It was mentioned in our first-year textbook."
Because Suzaku and Black Dragon were connected on a communication line, Rosen could also hear the conversation between the father and son. Seeing the two getting along so nicely with one another lifted a weight off of Rosen’s chest.
After a moment of silence, Rosen asked: "Since we can't land on Naomi Star, what is our next plan of action?"
Ling Yu thought for a hot minute before saying: "I just sent Zhou Yi and the others a message just before landing. When the fleet arrives, we will impersonate Hydra Legion soldiers and mix in together with them."
Rosen nodded, "I think so too. Now that the military has sealed off Naomi Star and pushed the Hydra Legion and the Glory Legion into a corner, I presume the Capital Star will soon be mobilized, we must contact His Majesty as soon as possible."
Hearing the words Rosen spoke, Ling Yu couldn't help frowning.
He had been worried that the Capital Star would be home for the occurrence of an unfortunate incident, so he made use of his S-Class mech’s space jump ability to return to Naomi Star at the fastest possible speed. Unexpectedly, Naomi Star was under total surveillance and he and Rosen could not land despite their arrival.
They had to wait for the warships of the Hydra Legions to arrive before they had the opportunity to disguise themselves as soldiers and weasel their way in. But the speed of a fleet was at a rate several hours longer than that of a mech. The more one waits, the more at risk they were for losing the key moment… If they landed with too much haste, the news of Black Dragon and Suzaku’s return could be obtained right as they make contact with the ground. It wasn’t guaranteed that the people lending a helping hand in the Capital Star wouldn’t take action right then and there and put His Majesty in an unfavorable position…
Ling Yu was simply burning with anxiety.
Yet as it so happened, at that very moment a surge of nausea abruptly rose from within the depths of his stomach. The intense nausea made Ling Yu's face go sheet-white seemingly out of nowhere. He immediately turned around and speed-walked over to the washbasin, covering his mouth and dry heaving.
Lin Yuan was spooked out of his wits, he hurriedly followed after his dad to the sink as he asked in worry: "Dad, what's the matter with you?"
Ling Yu waved his hand and made a gesture of reassurance that everything was fine, but such a heart-piercing, retching sound as if he was nearly about to yack up his entire stomach was transmitted right to Rosen's ear through the communicator's connection.
Seeing the scene of Ling Yu keeled over the sink vomiting, Rosen was so distressed he felt himself teetering on the verge of madness!
Ling Yu was pregnant. It was at this time when the symptoms were at their strongest. If the military fell into a mutiny, as a general, he would definitely want to lead the Dark Night Legion into the battlefield. His body would never be able to withstand it…
Should something happen to either him or the child, Rosen would most certainly regret it no matter how in vain regretting it after the fact would be.
Ling Yu retched so violently that Lin Yuan had been frightened into having all of the color drain from his face. He kept reaching out to pat his dad on the back, he moved in a flurry unsure of the best course of action, he couldn't help but look to his father for help.
His love is suffering, but Rosen can only watch from Black Dragon's control cabin, there wasn’t a single thing he could do…
The ridges of his fingernails were tightly thrust into the hollow of his palms, Rosen took a deep breath and finally came to a heart-wrenching resolution.
Three minutes later, his body's reaction finally subsided, Lin Yuan hurriedly handed his dad a glass of water.
Ling Yu drank a glass of water with an ashen face, suppressing the curdling feeling in his stomach, and he then turned back to the control panel.
Looking at Rosen's extremely distressed gaze on the virtual screen, Ling Yu coughed and said in embarrassment: "…it’s nothing, there’s no need to worry."
Out of nowhere, Rosen said in a leveled tone: "Don't keep the child."
Ling Yu said in surprise: "What?"
Rosen looked at Ling Yu's eyes and said word by word: "This isn’t the right time to have a child. I don't want to see you suffering so much… If you get rid of it now, the impact on your body will be minimalized… don't keep it…"
Rosen didn't know how he managed to say those things, every word that came out of his mouth seemed to stab him in the heart.
He couldn’t watch Ling Yu suffer so much. It was without a doubt the best decision to get rid of the child now…
But when he thinks of how the child may grow up to look like Ling Yu, or like himself, thinking of how that little one would inherit the total culmination of their genes, yet at this moment he had no choice but to terminate this life… The pain deep in Rosen's heart was as if a piece of flesh was dug out of his heart.
However, as an Alpha, it is even more unbearable for him to put his Omega through such a hard and dangerous situation than to lose his unborn kin.
At such a critical juncture, should there be a lapse of care taken, if Ling Yu goes, so does the baby.
If such a thing came to life, how could he live on?Ling Yu's face was pale, he fell silent for a moment then whispered: "I understand your concerns, I am keeping them."
Ling Yu raised his head and met Rosen’s gaze head-on, "Not just because they are our child… but they are still a living being, they are looking forward to coming to this world, aren’t they?"
Rosen: "………"
He always thought that Ling Yu didn't want children, he didn't expect that Ling Yu would actually oppose his suggestion.
The reason why Ling Yu changed his mind actually had a lot to do with Lin Yuan.
—You gave birth to me under such difficult circumstances and gave me the gift of life. What reason is there to blame Dad?
—If I don’t show compassion towards Dad, then who will?
The words Lin Yuan had spoken just now were simple and direct, but it struck Ling Yu's heart like a heavy hammer.
That's right, he had given Xiao Yuan life. When he had fully grown-up, Xiao Yuan was able to fully trust and understand this dad of his.
Then, no matter how trying it is, he will not deprive this second child of their life either.
He could even conjure up an image of the second child growing up to be just as sensible as Xiao Yuan, being understanding of him and standing by him like Xiao Yuan, how could he be willing to kill this bright little life?
Ling Yu rested his hand on his abdomen and smiled, saying: "Rosen, rest assured, the Dark Night Legion isn’t a one-man team. Zhou Yi, Errol, and a sea of highly trusted subordinates are all apart of it. I can protect myself just fine…" Ling Yu paused and looked up at Rosen, "Besides, you’re here too, aren’t you? My Alpha?"
Rosen: "………"
—You’re here too, aren’t you? My Alpha??
With just a simple sentence, the impact it left on Rosen was nearly comparable to Ling Yu saying "I love you" right to his face.
The complete trust of leaving one's own life or death to another person’s hands is even more exciting than those superficial declarations of love.
Rosen looked at Ling Yu with a gentle gaze. A long time had gone by before he nodded tentatively and said: "Okay, I understand."
—I will protect you at all costs… the child too.
—To keep this child, we will work together with everything we have to resolve this mess.
The two looked at each other and simultaneously came to understand the other party’s heartfelt intentions through the windows of their eyes. Like the deep connection shared between comrades-in-arms and even more like the deep connection shared between lovers.
Lin Yuan looked at his father and then at his dad. At first, he was confused and had no clue what it was they were talking about. After hearing this, Lin Yuan's eyes grew wider and wider, and ultimately, his mouth fell wide open in shock.
If at this moment, Ling Yu and Rosen had the mind to spare a glance back at their eldest son, they would have found that their eldest son was already so shocked that they could set a whole chicken egg in his mouth. Unfortunately, the two were locked in such a close and affectionate gaze, their utterly stunned eldest son was left to merely melt into the background…
Chapter 108: Lieutenant General Kerriman
At the time of when they received the emergency message from Ling Yu, the Hydra Legion’s fleet was just about to begin making its way towards Naomi Star, they were also eight hours away from their destination at the very least. Seeing that it was an urgent state of affairs, Lieutenant Colonel Ian instantly changed its course and space jumped directly to the cosmic wormhole, navigating towards Naomi Star full speed ahead.
At present, Suzaku and Black Dragon were temporarily staying in the Hylte Starfield’s No Man’s Land of the Universe.
The conversation between Rosen and Ling Yu made Lin Yuan disconnect from reality out of pure shock— Ling Yu was actually pregnant. In other words, during the period where the two of them were missing, they had completely marked yet again? Could it be that an absence of inhibitors led to an unexpected estrus?
No matter the cause, the result now is that his dad is having a second child and he is going to be a big brother!
Lin Yuan eventually came out of his stupor, looking at Ling Yu excitedly, "Dad, I will have a little brother or sister?"
Ling Yu finally noticed that his eldest son had been standing next to him the entire time, looking at him in shock. He couldn’t help his face twisting in embarrassment, not knowing how to respond.
Rosen gave a small smile and replied in Ling Yu’s stead: "That’s right, Xiao Yuan, you are going to be a big brother."
Lin Yuan said in excitement: "Wonderful! I don't know whether they will be an Alpha or an Omega, but I will take care of them just the same. "
Lin Yuan's mood became especially good when he thought of a soft little guy who followed him at his heels and obediently called him big brother. En, when my little brother grows up, I can teach him to play with mechs and take him to eat all kinds of delicious foods…
Lin Yuan began to mull over how to be a good brother.
Rosen whispered: "Xiao Yuan, let Suzaku check your dad's body first. He is not feeling very well right now."
Lin Yuan spoke with a rushed cadence: "I’ve got it!"
Ling Yu had originally wanted to refuse, but this father and son duo were abnormally headstrong, Ling Yu had no choice but to helplessly be brought over to the sofa by his son, take the warm water he handed over to him and let Suzaku draw his blood to conduct detailed lab work.
Suzaku soon got the results and said softly: "Master’s health is fine overall, but the vitamin content in his body is a bit on the low side."
Rosen nodded and said: "There wasn’t anything substantial to eat back on Pavo. After we get back, we’ll get the proper supplements."
Lin Yuan parroted along with him: "That’s that, Dad now needs to be strengthening his nutrition, we can’t be negligent about his food and drink."
Ling Yu: "……"
Being coddled like a prized animal makes Ling Yu very embarrassed as a general.
It is undeniable that the feeling of being cared for and being taken care of by this pair of father and son gave rise to an inexplicable warmth in his heart.
When he had given birth to Xiao Yuan, the conditions during his escape were difficult and everything had fallen upon his shoulders. The first time he had gotten pregnant, although it was also ill-timed, having his Alpha beside him and having his caring son to keep him company was something golden. The feeling of being together as a family was completely different from the pain and helplessness from the time he had been all by himself.
Even though his presenting symptoms were more severe than last time, his frame of mind was nonetheless incomparably optimistic.
Looking at the expectation shining in Lin Yuan's eyes and the worried sheen in Rosen’s direct gaze, Ling Yu knew… this time the decision to keep the child was not an incorrect one.
***
Ling Yu finally ended up returning to the bedroom to sleep under the joint coercion of Rosen and Lin Yuan.
In any case, the Hydra Legion fleet wouldn't arrive until early tomorrow morning and it wasn’t an option to land on Naomi Star. They stopped over at the Hylte Starfield for the time being. All they can do is wait.
—Ling Yu needs to rest. This is the mutual understanding held between the father and son pair.
After going the full mile to persuade the stubborn Ling Yu to go back to bed, Lin Yuan returned to the piloting control panel.
Rosen looked at Xiao Yuan who had been thoughtfully helping out with the care of his dad, he was extremely pleased. He couldn't help but say: "Xiao Yuan, there may be a bloody battle encroaching upon us. After you go back, you will stay by your dad's side with Master Zhou Yi. Follow him to learn some more, it’s the perfect setup to keep constant tabs on him."
Rosen deliberately pulled the distance between Lin Yuan and Ling Yu closer, precisely because he could see that Lin Yuan's lively character was Ling Yu’s weak spot. It was an easy way to get the prideful Ling Yu to drop his guard. He also noticed that since the reunion with Xiao Yuan, Ling Yu's cold and indifferent iceberg outer shell had thawed out by a margin… The two of them were very close, Rosen was more than happy to see such a development.
Lin Yuan longed to be with his dad. Hearing what Rosen said, he nodded and agreed, "I’ll do it."
Rosen gave a small smile, "When everything calms back down again, I will bring you guys back home with me."
Lin Yuan smiled. "En!"
Rosen couldn't help thinking: To bring his missus and child home, should the Capital Star's villa be renovated?
***
At 7 o'clock in the following morning, the Hydra Legion’s fleet finally arrived in the Hylte's No Man's Land.
Black Dragon and Suzaku detected their position and immediately adjusted their build to take off from the warship. Lieutenant Colonel Ian caught sight of a black and red blip appearing on the surveillance screen. He promptly opened the hatch to the hold of the warship to let Black Dragon and Suzaku gain entry into the interior of the warship through the hold door entrance.
After the two mechs came to a stop in the hold, Suzaku and Black Dragon lowered their control cabins in tandem.
Rosen and Ling Yu walked out of their respective control cabins. Lieutenant Colonel Ian and the soldiers of the Hydra Legion gave them an orderly salute.
Rosen gave a military salute in return and then calmly said: "Lieutenant Colonel Ian, I’ll be troubling you to find us two sets of Hydra Legion uniforms. We will be needing to impersonate Hydra Legion soldiers to sneak into Naomi Star."
Lieutenant Colonel Ian immediately nodded and said: "Understood, Marshal!"
Prior to setting off, Berg had already prepared several sets of brand new military uniforms for use in case of such emergencies.
Lin Yuan and the others had started off the journey already dressed in Hydra Legion uniforms, only Rosen and Ling Yu needed a disguise. They each took a set of military uniforms and changed into them, fearing that they would be recognized, they intentionally lowered the brim of their hats.
Everyone was ready to stow their mechs away into the space button, Lieutenant Colonel Ian then commanded the warship to prepare for landing.
Not too far from the space station, Lieutenant Colonel Ian connected a signal to the command post and said calmly: "This is Warship C701 of the Hydra Legion. It has completed its mission and returned, requesting to land."
A response from the command post of the space station soon arrived, saying: "Please hold, according to higher-up’s instructions, a routine scan must be conducted throughout the interior of the warship."
The laser scan sent out by the space station enveloped the entire warship. It could very well be imagined that the warship has been reproduced in its entirety on the virtual screen at the command post. Once an anomaly is detected, the request for descent may be refused or even a direct assault may be launched against the warship.
Everyone in the warship held their breaths and tensed, holding a facade of calmness as they let the laser sweep across their bodies.
Everyone was wearing the military uniform of the Hydra Legion. Some which had the brim of their hat greatly lowered making it hard to distinguish one from another in the sea of identical uniforms. On top of that, the receiving party was the troops under the command of General Drew, so only a simple inspection was required to let them through.
Unexpectedly, Lieutenant General Kerriman of the Glory Legion just so happened to be touring the space station this morning. The patrol unit responsible for the security of the space station naturally wanted to put on a good show in front of their commanding officer. Thus, the inspection this time turned into a particularly serious affair.
The red laser slowly swept across the interior of the warship like a spiders web, like a cat's paw lightly pawing across their hearts, they all tightly tensed their back muscles for a moment.
After a brief comparison between the information in the warship to that of the time prior, the officer in charge of the review suddenly wondered aloud: "Back when Warship C701 set off, the total headcount of the crew on the warship was 102… How could two more people be here?"
Everyone's backs suddenly went rigid, you could hear a pin drop inside of the warship!
How could two more people be here?
That's right! In order to keep count of damage assessments and a list of war casualties, each warship will register an in-depth profile and give a count of the number of people when it departs from the planet, they will then conduct a comparative examination and verification upon returning, so as to accurately count any injuries and casualties!
Warship C701 of the Hydra Legion had previously registered the number of people when they left Naomi Star. Upon their return, two more people had appeared, which naturally aroused suspicion.
Hearing this, Lieutenant Colonel Kerriman, who was in the middle of touring the space station, suddenly whipped his head around, his penetrating gaze swept towards the image displayed on the monitor. The warship was packed full of soldiers donned in dark green uniforms and nothing seemed to stick out at a glance. Yet there was something strange, he had the constant feeling that there seemed to be the shadow of a figure he knew all too well…
At this moment, a bright voice suddenly sounded from the warship: "You see, it’s like this, I am Brian, the son of General Drew Bayh of the Hydra Legion. This is my roommate, Snow."
Brian seamlessly pulled Snow over and threw his arms around his shoulders, speaking with a glowing grin: "Our school is on vacation, and my roommate and I have come here to have a little fun. We just chanced across the Hydra Legion’s fleet, then I realized that my father was at Naomi Star too. I wanted to go see him…"
Brian had a quick reaction, Snow had to obediently stand beside him and play along with him.
Brian smiled and said: "Lieutenant Colonel Ian is rather familiar with me, so he took me along for the ride."
This was a bulletproof excuse. The Hydra Legion's fleet had just so happened to run into the general's son and took them along for the ride on the way. Although it was extremely out of line in the military’s code of conduct, everyone knew that General Drew's son was the kind of guy who didn’t play his cards according to the rules, there weren't any holes to poke through his defense.
But something still felt off… what about this wasn’t sitting right?
Lieutenant General Kerriman walked to the monitor and directly connected to the internal communications of the warship and spoke in a frosty tone: "The one furthest to the left in the third row… please raise your head."
Rosen's back suddenly went stiff as the dead, his fingers harshly dug into the hollow of his palms— could he have recognized Ling Yu?
Back when Kerriman served in the Dark Night Legion, like Knox and Irene, he was one of Ling Yu’s most trusted adjutants. After the Dark Night Legion’s dissolution, Rosen had invited him to the Glory Legion to entrust him with important assignments. Even if he could recognize him with just a silhouette, he should have still recognized him first… How could Ling Yu be the first thing to tip you off?
In reality, most of the soldiers looked more or less the same when they changed into their uniforms and lowered the brims of their hats, but Ling Yu had a distinct air about him— because he was an Omega, he was not tall and heavily built like a normal Alpha, he had a thin and slender figure, he stuck out like a sore thumb in the sea of soldiers.
Although Lin Yuan and Snow were in the same boat, their faces were unfamiliar and had a youthful nature to them. Kerriman only regarded them as new recruits from the Hydra Legion and paid them no mind.
But Ling Yu was different…
That sense of familiarity, it was too much like the person in the memories…
The tense silence lasted for three whole seconds. Everyone clenched their fists and cold sweat rained down their backs, Rosen in particular. His heart had nearly jumped into his throat— other people may not know of the relationship between Kerriman and Ling Yu, but he knows it better than anyone! If his speculation proves to be correct, the person who caused Ling Yu to enter his estrus period was Adjutant Kerriman of the Dark Night Legion, now known as Lieutenant General Kerriman!
Those three seconds seemed to stretch out for an eternity, the atmosphere inside the warship was suffocating.
Lin Yuan glanced at his dad nervously, yet he saw Ling Yu slowly raise his head and calmly salute the officer on the screen with a standard military salute, saying in a still voice: "General."
Kerriman: "…… "
Those glassy black and eyes plunged directly into the heart like a sharp sword.
However, that face did not have the same graceful bearing of the person in his memory. The soldier had a painfully ordinary face that was utterly indistinguishable from a crowd, there were even several unsightly moles smattered on his face.
Kerriman was silent for a moment before he finally waved his hand and said: "Never mind, forget it."
Everyone breathed a unanimous sigh of relief, especially Rosen and Lin Yuan who were mixed in the crowd. They almost had a heart attack just now, but they didn’t expect Ling Yu himself to be so cool and calm. After he saluted, he even offered a polite smile to Kerriman.
The warship was successfully landed at the space station under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Ian.
Not long after, Drew sent someone to fetch them. Although he was in charge of defending Naomi Star, it wouldn’t do any good for Kerriman to interfere with the Hydra Legion’s affairs. He could only look from afar at the warship embellished with a serpentine totem. Under the accompaniment of a small fleet, they made their way to Naomi Star.
Seeing Kerriman frowning, a trusted aide beside him couldn't help asking: "General, what's wrong?"
Kerriman didn't respond, he looked pensively in the direction where the Hydra Legion warship faded into the horizon.
Was he seeing things?
Why would he mistakenly think he’d seen that person just now?
However, he will soon become the head commander of the Glory Legion. That person has already been dead for nineteen whole years. What else could there be to worry about?
Kerriman smiled quite gracefully and said: "It’s nothing, go back."
***
Inside the warship, Rosen finally loosened up and pulled Ling Yu to a corner, seeing the strange way he had done up his face, he couldn't help but laugh, saying: "I was really scared just now, I thought he would recognize you…"
Ling Yu looked at Rosen with a gaze as still and calm as a tepid lake and said: "You think too much. Making a mask is child’s play for members of the Undercurrent."
Rosen: "……"
On the bridge, Lin Yuan couldn't help but pat Brian on the shoulder and say: "Well that came out of nowhere, you pulled that one out of thin air."
Just a moment ago, Brian looked Death straight in the eyes and threw out his status as General Drew’s son to resolve the crisis. Lin Yuan couldn't help but admire him a bit.
They landed in a rush, thinking that the space station would not carry out such a stringent inspection of a Hydra Legion fleet. Unexpectedly, they rowed right up shit creek without a paddle and were met by the patrolling officer.
If it wasn't for Brian's speedy quick reaction, there really wouldn’t have been a way to explain off the extra set of people.
Brian was extremely delighted being praised and couldn't help but stroke his chin, "Of course, it's only to be expected that you don’t see my true colors. There’s nothing that can be done about that, my quick-witted intelligence is 100% natural."
Lin Yuan: "……"
Some people really can't be given praise, one praise and their head blows up to the size of a blimp.
Lin Yuan and Snow gave each other a look and at the same time turned their heads, pretending not to see the immensely triumphant Classmate Brian.
The fleet finally landed on Naomi Star without any more bumps along the way. Drew personally came to their rescue and took them to the Hydra Legion’s encampment.
He took Rosen to his personal lounge and as soon as Rosen and Ling Yu took off their masks, Drew couldn't help holding Rosen's hand and said full of elation: "You really aren't dead!"
Rosen smiled a bit, "All thanks to you for sending those people to rescue us."
Drew touched his nose and said: "Ahem… when I saw the remains of the Black Dragon Replica, I thought you'd died… It was Berg who saw that it wasn’t Black Dragon. It was also Berg’s idea to ask Xiao Yuan and the others to find you."
As the leader of the Undercurrent Organization, Drew more often than not thought that his Omega was just an absolute boss.
Ling Yu couldn't help asking: "Where is Berg now?"
Drew replied: "He is in the underground base helping to do the final touches on the new mech."
After answering, his gaze fell on the man with a cold expression in front of him.
Drew: "……."
Looking at each other with complicated expressions and unable to speak for a long while, Rosen couldn't help but smile and take the initiative to break the ice, "Drew, this is Ling Yu, you're familiar with him, aren’t you?"
Drew said awkwardly: "Ah, we’ve been acquainted."
All in all, after being roommates for three years, how couldn’t he be familiar with him?
However, even though they lived in the same dormitory during school back in those days, Ling Yu had an aloof and cold personality. Apart from occasionally sparing a few words with Rosen, he straight up ignored Drew and the other Alphas, he kept himself hidden as far away as he could.
Drew and Ling Yu hadn't exchanged more and a few sentences over those three years, he always felt that Ling Yu had sat so high and lofty in the clouds it was difficult to approach him…
After hearing he was an Omega, Drew’s jaw nearly hit the floor.
At this moment, seeing this old classmate of his who had been “dead” for many years standing in front of him with a placid face, Drew couldn't say a single thing.
After a moment of drawn-out silence, Drew changed the subject: "Udir sent me a secret letter at the first light of dawn, saying that the military will be holding an official funeral for the Marshal today. At the same time, the new head commander of the Glory Legion will also be sworn in. The specifics as to who it is are still unknown."
Rosen gave a barely perceptible smile, "It's Kerriman."
Drew was thrown off, "How are you so sure?"
Rosen said: "Seeing him patrolling the space station so actively, something big must certainly be taking place. I know what he is like." Rosen turned around and asked Ling Yu: "Are you going back to the underground base now?"
Ling Yu nodded, "En, I'll go see Berg."
Rosen said: "I'll go with you."
Ling Yu looked back at him: "You won't go back to the Glory Legion?"
Rosen smiled: "Now’s not the time for that. Kerriman will soon become the next head commander of the Glory Legion. This "Honorably and Gloriously Sacrificed" ex-commander will be making a comeback, how could I not prepare a congratulatory gift for him?"
Seeing the piercing glint flashing through Rosen’s eyes, Ling Yu knew that Kerriman was a dead man walking, he couldn’t help but say happily: "Bring my share of the present too."
Drew: "……"
It was just as if they were back to those college days. Once the two of them started talking, the people beside them were thrown off to the side, out of sight out of mind…
***
Lin Yuan, Caesar, and company were settled in the Hydra Legion encampment by Drew, Ling Yu and Rosen secretly returned to the underground base.
The moment the members of the Dark Night Legion saw Ling Yu, they stood neatly upright and saluted Ling Yu with a clean snapping sound: "General!"
These uniform movements as if they were conducted robotically, represented not only the essence of discipline etched into the legion’s very bones, but the reverence these officers held for their general deep in their hearts and feeling of joy at their general’s return.
This is the land upon which Ling Yu reigns.
Ling Yu gave a small smile and gave a military salute in return to these loyal subordinates of his before taking Rosen to see Berg.
Berg and Dave had finished the final touches of the Nine-Tailed Fox. Seeing Ling Yu, Dave wasted no time in bolting over to him and saying: "Ling Yu, you’ve come back? I just knew you were an "impossible to kill cockroach". You would never have kicked the bucket so easily."
Ling Yu was quite taken aback by that sort of analogy, seeing the birds nest of hair currently sitting upon Dave's head, he helplessly turned around and spoke to Berg: "Are you still touching up the mech? Is it malfunctioning?"
Berg smiled and said, "There haven’t been any malfunctions. It’s just that this SS-Class mech is the first-ever of its kind in the Empire. It cannot fail under any circumstances. If anything goes wrong with the mech’s system, it may result in the destruction of both the craft and its pilot.”
Ling Yu nodded in agreement, "What time can it be expected to be ready?"
Berg said: "It should be good to go by tonight."
Ling Yu and Rosen looked at each other, Rosen nodded at him.
The two didn't understand the art of mech manufacturing, so they just stood off to the side unable to offer a helping hand, they were forced to turn around and return to their lounge.
Rosen went back to the lounge with him. Just as Ling Yu sat down at the edge of the bed, Rosen suddenly stooped down to grab ahold of his foot.
Ling Yu nearly jumped out of his skin, "What are you doing…"
Rosen gingerly removed the military-grade boots off his feet, he looked up at Ling Yu and said softly: "You are pregnant, wearing boots for a long time will make your legs swollen. In any case, before you start getting ready for bed, bathe your feet in hot water and take a good rest."
Rosen turned around and prepared a basin of hot water, he slipped off Ling Yu's spotless white socks and soaked his feet in the water.
Seeing the Marshal, Rosen, crouched by the bed and gently helping wash his feet, Ling Yu sat there stiff as a statue, not knowing what to do. After a moment of silence, he spoke in embarrassment: "You… you don't need to do such things…"
Rosen did not release his hold on the delicate ankle he had in his hand, and carefully massaged the soles of his feet. He looked up at Ling Yu and smiled, saying, "Taking care of my Omega is something I’ve always wanted to do, do you want to deprive me of the right to do so?"
Ling Yu: "……"
The tender look in the man's eyes made Ling Yu's heart suddenly tremble, he simply couldn't bear to refuse.
His feet were lightly massaged in his hands. A warm feeling slowly spread from the bottom of his feet up to the rest of his body. The tenseness of his muscles gradually relaxed. The exhaustion of the past few days seemed to disappear and even the uncomfortable churning in his stomach was also stifled.
After a while had passed, Rosen let go of Ling Yu and helped him pat his feet dry. He turned around and dumped the water, he then returned to Ling Yu's side. He hugged him as if he were made of glass and asked: "Ling Yu, will this be hard on you?"
Ling Yu shook his head and said: "It'll be fine."
Rosen gently tightened his hold, stroked the man's soft black hair, and whispered: "This child shall be given your family name after they are born."
Ling Yu’s shot wide open as he looked at Rosen in disbelief— in an empire fraught with severe Alpha chauvinism, there has never been a precedent for a child with the surname of their Omega parent. Ling is the family surname of Ling Yu's generation, but because both he and his elder brother Ling Feng are Omegas, their nominal ancestral line was threatening to die out…
—As to be expected for the Alpha he had handpicked, Ling Yu was unable to speak a single word with how moved he was.
Looking at Rosen’s serious gaze, Ling Yu was silent for a long time before finally reaching out his hand and gently hugging him back. He nestled his face into his warm chest, listening to his resounding heartbeat, the corners of Ling Yu’s lips lifted ever so slightly in a place where Rosen couldn’t see it.
On the outside, Rosen put on a nonchalant face, but on the inside, he was so excited that his heart nearly burst out of his chest—
This was the first time Ling Yu hugged him back.
Chapter 109: Mutiny
That afternoon, every TV station in the Lacey Empire was broadcasting the funeral live at Capital Star, Cepheus all at once.
The soldiers of the Glory Legion while under the command of Lieutenant General Victor, escorted a carrier holding "Black Dragon’s" mech fragments, slowly proceeding along the streets of the Capital Star’s central residential districts, moving in unison toward the Imperial Cemetery of Revolutionary Martyrs. Moving forward, a black-and-white photo frame encircled by a floral wreath was placed between the two neat rows of military suspension vehicles, within was a portrait of Marshal Rosen.
The man in the portrait was handsome, his eyes were still, the photo of the Marshal looked so realistic, it looked like he could step right out of it at any moment.
Many people in the Capital Star remember the graceful bearing of the Marshal in his return as he led the Glory Legion through the central starfield victorious, time and time again. However, now, even with the same Glory Legion and the same view, there was no longer the joy of returning triumphant. In its place was the dreadful sight of what remained of a mech and a black-and-white photograph set into a frame. The soldiers carried solemn expressions on their faces, the left arms of their crisp and smooth black military uniforms were all wrapped with an ill-favored black armband.
The funeral music played by the military resonated across the sky, the funeral’s atmosphere was so heavy that for many people, they were unable to keep the tears welling in their eyes from pouring out.
Right at this moment, Ling Yu and Rosen were also among the many tuning into the live TV stream from within Naomi Star’s underground base.
Ling Yu’s gaze fell to the black-and-white portrait on the screen, then rose to meet with the seemingly calm and unperturbed man beside him. He gave a small smile and said: "Marshal, in the eyes of the people of the Empire, you are truly dead and gone."
Rosen paid no mind to his own funeral portrait being plastered on live TV, looking at that black and white photograph, he was even in the mood to make some light jokes: "If my corpse suddenly started moving around during the funeral, Auguste and the rest of their expressions would definitely be quite the sight to see."
Ling Yu spoke pensively: "Auguste Orlando, Head of the Thunder Legion— do you believe that he could be the military’s traitor?"
Rosen fell silent for a moment, then said: "He may not be alone."
Not long after the two had returned, Lin Yuan took the badge he had picked up in a forest on the Po Military Starfield and gave it over to his two fathers for inspection.
Rosen spoke with a steely determination: "If these three badges were indeed left behind nineteen years ago, then the metal material used in the badges won’t be the same as the ones in recent years."
Although they’ll look indistinguishable on a surface level, the badges from more than ten years ago would incorporate a special and rare metal during production.
Ling Yu asked his subordinates to take the badges for in-depth testing of the composition, and sure enough, the badges were dated back to nineteen years ago.
Tying in the scene where Suzaku was being pursued, those three badges were definitely left behind in the Po Military Star’s forest by the Thunder Legion soldiers who were in charge of hunting down Suzaku. The specific cause is still unknown as of now.
Thus leading Ling Yu and Rosen to feel that General Auguste of the Thunder Legion was the traitor who sought to eliminate Ling Yu.
As the commander of the Thunder Legion, Auguste is also the heir of the Orlando Family, the most powerful and influential family in the Empire. His authority is self-evident. Ling Yu wasn’t expecting the military’s traitor to be the highest-ranking figure at the general rank.
But Rosen still said: He’s not alone?
Ling Yu frowned and asked: "Do you mean to say that Auguste has some co-conspirators?"
Rosen nodded: "The Hydra Legion has been transferred to Naomi Star. There are now three legions in the vicinity of the Capital Star. With Auguste’s power alone, he wouldn’t have so much confidence… so from there I can ascertain that he must have a pair of extra helping hands.”
If Auguste, one of the five Imperial generalissimos, has an accomplice, it is highly probable that the other person would also be a big-name ranked at the head of a legion.
Taking Drew and Udir out of the equation,what remained in the realm of possibility was the Star Legion and Phantom Legion.
If two of the major legions joined forces to blockade the space fortress of Cepheus, then, even with the power of him, Rosen, and Drew, it would be extremely difficult to regain a solid hold on Cepheus — Cepheus is the most important political and economic hub in the Empire. It has an amazingly iron-tight defense from the military and the terrain is easy to defend and challenging to mount an attack. The pentagonal space fortress surrounding Cepheus is even more dangerous than a cosmic wormhole, it is impossible to enter without passing through multiple layers of inspection and verification.
The Capital Star in particular is like a tightly wrapped network of security and armed military forces all bundled up into a solid base of defense.
Ling Yu and Rosen shared a look with one another, and at the same time saw a deep concern weighing in each other's eyes.
***
Capital Star, Cemetery of Revolutionary Martyrs.
Lieutenant General Victor of the Glory Legion finally carried the Marshal's funeral portrait to the front of the tombstone. Because the Marshal's skeletal remains could not be found, only the uniforms and badges that represented the Marshal's status were buried in the tomb, as well as some mech fragments of the Black Dragon.
Placing the portrait before the tombstone, the funeral music played once more, the atmosphere of the scene grew all the more melancholy.
General Auguste, who despite his 180 years of age still carried a strength with him donned a dark, nearly black purple military uniform of the highest command. He turned to face the crowd. It was evident that he was to give a eulogy on behalf of the military—
"Today, we have a grand gathering here, and with a very heavy and sorrowful heart, mourn the seventh Marshal of the Empire, the head of the Glory Legion— Rosen Bessemer."
"Rosen on December 1, Cosmic Year 742 was born into an ordinary family on the Capital Star of Cepheus. In Cosmic Year 770, Rosen was admitted to St. Romia Military Academy with full marks in all three main subjects and an exceptional performance record, he then began his career as an imperial officer."
On July 1, Cosmic Year 773, Rosen sailed through graduation on top of his class. Because of his outstanding performance displayed in school, the military awarded him the rank of lieutenant commander, and was assigned to the 10th Division of the Glory Legion. Within short three years, Rosen demonstrated excellent innate skills and talents in commanding. After building up multiple instances of meritorious service on the battlefield with the former legion head, he was promoted to a senior colonel and transferred to the Vanguard Battalion of the Glory Legion as the vice-commander of said Vanguard Battalion…
Deafening silence blanketed the funeral. Only General Auguste’s low voice was carried through a wireless microphone and repeatedly reverberated over the skies above the silent cemetery…
This speech recounted every minuscule tidbit in the life of Rosen. In a mild-mannered and solemn tone, every single one of Rosen's experiences over the years was spoken of, one by one.
What’s strange was that he conveniently forwent noting records of battles that he had shared with Ling Yu and his Dark Night Legion after Rosen served as the commander to the Glory Legion in his speech. He even completely blotted the existence of the Dark Night Legion out of existence and gave all of the credit to Rosen—
Even in the famous battle where even with the numbers going against him, Ling Yu wiped the floor with the 7th Division of the Federation’s Greedy Wolves Legion in the Hylte’s No Man's Land, there wasn’t the slightest mention of the Dark Night Legion. Everything ended up being accredited to Rosen’s name.
Rosen couldn't help a small frown settling on his features—
It was only natural to speak highly while recounting the life of the deceased at a funeral, but even so, Auguste's speech was blown way out of proportion. It was like he was raising him to a status in line with that of a God. Hearing what he said, he was sounding like Rosen was a once in a lifetime genius at commanding. Nothing could make him stray off the path to victory, every move of his led to triumph, even to the point of becoming the moral pillar holding up the Empire?
The masses weren’t completely clear on many details from such events long past, and on top of that, Auguste held a grave expression on his face from start to finish, his tone carried weight with it. The people couldn’t help but take his words as gospel, their emotions were only kicked into high-gear from such a heartfelt speech. The Imperial Marshal's sacrifice brought deep grief and sorrow, some even shed tears on the TV.
Listening to this excessively exaggerated speech, Ling Yu couldn't help but say: "Why is Auguste praising you so much at your funeral?"
Rosen was also at a complete loss. He still remembered that he had been constantly opposed to him leading his legion on the campaign to Naomi Star. Then, out of nowhere Auguste voted in favor and said with a calm, still face: "I believe the Marshal can keep his undefeated record on the battlefield."
As a result, Rosen encountered an ambush from two of the Federation’s legions in the Isville Galaxy.
…the man's scheming truly runs terribly deep.
Rosen looked at the TV screen with a steady face. Auguste still carried the same calm expression from before. He had just finished talking about the battle of Naomi Star and praised the Marshal's glorious feat of winning Naomi Star at the cost of his life up to the heavens. It was obvious that this speech would soon be reaching its end.
Right then, Auguste suddenly paused for a few seconds, his sharp gaze shot directly towards the direction of the camera, he spoke with a mellow tone: "What Rosen valued the most in his entire life was that of the Empire’s people, and what he wanted nothing more than to see was for the Empire to be able to obtain true democracy and freedom! In today's technologically advanced day and age in this great universe, this Empire still adopts an outdated constitutional monarchy, which does nothing to further the development of the Empire."
Ling Yu turned to look back at Rosen, Rosen’s frown fell even heavier on his face, "They want what now?!"
Ling Yu frostily spoke: "I finally understand the whole reason behind the military holding a public funeral!"
Sure enough, Auguste raised his voice and spoke firmly: "The royal family has been nothing but sitting ducks, all the while the Marshal put life and limb on the line to fight on the military front, His Majesty and the Queen have been living their carefree days tucked safely away in the Imperial Palace. In just one day, the money spent in the lavish Imperial Palace exceeds what every single commoner earns in one year combined! Such a royal family is not fit to represent the aspirations and desires of the Empire’s people! At this moment, I hope that every soldier in this Empire can carry on the will of the Marshal, abolish the royal family, and fight for the realization of true democracy!"
Auguste swept his cold gaze across the audience and spoke with a clear voice: "—Salute!"
As the command fell, tens of thousands of the imperial servicemen put their white-gloved hands to the brim of their hats in one single motion.
In tune with the echos of funeral music playing, rounds of artillery were fired off in the midst of the formation!
Bang! Bang! Bang—
Hundreds of miniature artillery shells simultaneously rose to the sky, exploding into dazzling fireworks high up in the skies of the Capital Star!
***
On July 9, Cosmic Year 799, the fourth month following the Lacey Empire’s 600th-anniversary celebration, at the funeral of Marshal Rosen, General Auguste publicly announced the abolition of the royal family, the military and royal family came to arms in a complete civil war.
A new central government was established, the Empire had been renamed as the Republic, and Auguste assumed office as an interim president.
The Thunder Legion immediately surrounded the Lacey Imperial Palace. The Royal Guards suffered heavy casualties. His Majesty Trent and Queen Anna were locked away and unable to leave from inside the closed doors. Under the bombardment of artillery fire, what was once a gorgeous and exquisite palace turned to ruins in an instant.
***
Caesar had been watching the real-time broadcast right there with Lin Yuan and the others. As soon as General Auguste announced the abolition of the royal family, Lin Yuan and Brian’s eyes nearly popped out of their head, they couldn’t dare believe such a sudden change of events would be true!
—So this was what they were after all along!
The military held a public funeral to take advantage of Marshal Rosen's influence over the masses and use Marshal Rosen's dying wish as an excuse to declare war with the royal family!
The so-called will of the Marshal, the so-called for true democracy— it’s all pretty much just an excuse they made up!
However, who will be left to care about such things?
They just need an excuse, an excuse to justify their actions, that’s all!
After Auguste’s speech, the civil war officially started and the TV station stopped live broadcasting. As for the situation in the Imperial Palace, no one knew anything. Caesar repeatedly dialed the communicator in the interior of the palace, but there was no way to connect.
It wasn’t until this moment that he understood why his father asked him not to return to the Capital Star during vacation—
It was all because his father had long since anticipated the possibility of mutiny taking place in the military. As for His Majesty Trent, he had no valid reasons to leave the palace. So while he could sense the impending doom, he could only send away his son ahead of time, lest Caesar also found himself caught up in the whole mess…
Although the Royal Guard was comprised of elite troops devoted to the royal family, it could not be compared to the sheer military strength of the entire Thunder Legion. The two of them were just on such vastly different levels. The king and queen's current state of affairs must be at extreme odds and ends, they may even have been apprehended by the military…
Caesar's nails were tightly shoved into the hollow of his palm, the rims of his eyes burned with the threat of tears!
As His Majesty's dearest little prince, there wasn’t a single thing he could do about anything! He could only look on helplessly as his royal father and mother fell into a deathtrap!
Caesar turned and walked out of the room with a twisted face. Brian wanted to run out after him to give him some comforting words, but Snow gently pulled Brian back, pointed to Lin Yuan, and shook his head.
Brian’s brain short-circuited, when he turned his head, he saw Lin Yuan bolting after him too.
Brian kept silent for a moment before saying in a near whisper: "I never thought it would have come to this. Caesar must be in so much pain right now. Even with my dad, Dad is a prince too, His Majesty's younger brother, he mustn't be taking it well either…"
Snow spoke in a measured tone: “Don’t be so quick to worry, they have the Marshal on their side, he always thinks of a way. Let's go find your dad."
Brian nodded his head: "Alright."
***
By the time Lin Yuan made it out the door, Caesar was already long gone. Lin Yuan scoured the area in relentless worry for what felt like ages and finally found him tucked away in the corner of the observatory.
This observatory was used to detect movements on Naomi Star’s surface, so it was equipped with only the most advanced telescopes, reconnaissance equipment, and as well as a porthole through which a wide expanse of scenery could be surveyed through.
As it came time for the night to fall, Naomi Star would be bathed in natural light from its two moons. Through the porthole, the entirety of the planet's surface has turned into a golden hue under the fantastical glow, even the clouds in the sky were coated in shimmering gold.
Caesar stood there with his back to the door, his straightened back looked particularly rigid, his fingers were held in a tight grip, the veins on the back of his hand were raised, very clearly stifling his extreme sorrow and ire.
He must be worried to death about his mother and father…
The youngest prince, who has always been mild-mannered and calm, now from the view he saw standing behind him looked terribly lonely and helpless. His slightly trembling fingertips revealed the intense worry stirring in their owner’s heart. Seeing Caesar driven to this point, Lin Yuan’s heart felt as it was being crushed, the pain in his heart weighed his tongue down and kept the words stuck in his throat.
After a long while of silence, Lin Yuan took a deep breath, stepped forward, gently pried Caesar's clenched fist open, placed his hand in his palm, and threaded his fingers into his hold.
Caesar tensed and firmly squeezed Lin Yuan's hand.
Lin Yuan spoke softly: "Caesar, don't let this tear you down…"
Seeing that Caesar was still holding his silence, Lin Yuan took a step forward and pulled him into a tender hug, wrapping his fingers tightly around his hand and reassuringly stroking his Alpha’s stiff back with the other.
He never quite knew how to comfort people, he also had never comforted a guy that was both taller and had a steadier head on his shoulders than him. Lin Yuan fumbled a bit in his motions, but for Caesar, such a clumsy attempt at comforting was nevertheless exactly what he needed in this time of need, just that little bit of warmth.
Caesar took in a deep breath, hugged Lin Yuan back with a firm hold, set his chin on his shoulder, and said in a hoarse voice: "I’m so worried about Father and Mother. The Royal Guard just can’t hold their own against the Thunder Legion. Father and the rest may have already…"
Lin Yuan touched his hair in a fit of distress and said softly, "Don't think about everything that could go wrong, perhaps His Majesty has already thought of a way out? Besides… the two of us, no matter what others think, I will always stand by your side."
Caesar was startled, he looked down at Lin Yuan unable to believe his ears, and was nevertheless met with the steely and resilient gaze belonging to the little monster.
Within those clear black eyes was filled so densely with trust and firmness, Lin Yuan said with such an earnest look in his eyes, each word was spoken with careful enunciation: "No matter what others think, I will always stand by your side."
Every word spoken in that line carried thousands of pounds of weight, making him unable to formulate a response in the face of something so moving.
Right at this critical junction of time where life and death are drawn apart only by a hairsbreadth, anyone would be choosing their stance based on their own self-interest. Auguste mobilized a mutiny and the Empire’s royal family had no true power to their name and was simply unable to contend against the military. It was a real possibility that from here on out, the Empire’s royal family would die out completely.
As the heir to the Empire’s throne, Caesar, at the tender age of 18, had nothing to his name apart from his identity as a prince, he had nothing to fall back on.
In such straitened circumstances, Lin Yuan said without a second thought: I will stand by your side!
Although his little monster was a bit slow on the uptake, his words filled Caesar’s heart with strength when it really came down to it.
That's right, he’s not just a helpless prince against the world, he still has Lin Yuan.
Together from this day forward, through the good and the bad, for better, for worse—
His Omega, Lin Yuan.
After continuing to stare at each other face to face, Caesar finally settled his emotions. He lightly touched Lin Yuan’s hair and said in a low voice: "Thank you."
Thank you for being willing to stand beside me without hesitation and bestowing such great warmth and strength upon me when I needed it the most.
Lin Yuan smiled and met Caesar's gaze with the same earnesty, "Don't worry, Dad still owes a debt of life and death to His Majesty. My dad will definitely stand by His Majesty… That old fart Auguste really dares to self-proclaim himself as president, we’ll beat him right back down to the hellhole where he came from!"
Lin Yuan's words were simple and straightforward, but Caesar's mood couldn't help but lighten up.
Seeing how serious his little monster looked, the sorrow and despair that had originally occupied his heart gradually subsided, Caesar finally recovered his calm, he gently tugged Lin Yuan's hand and said: "Go back, your dad might be looking for you."
** *
At the moment, Ling Yu was indeed looking for Xiao Yuan, because he had something important to tell his son.
—The "Nine-Tailed Fox" SS-Class mech had finally reached the final stage of completion, it was only waiting on the first compatibility match between it and it’s master.
Chapter 110: The Nine-Tailed Fox
The news of the Nine-Tailed Fox being finished was passed down to Ling Yu from Berg. He hadn’t seen the live broadcast at that time and he wasn’t aware of General Auguste publicly announcing the abolition of the royal family at the Marshal’s funeral. When Berg gazed upon the TV screen in Ling Yu's room, the news had already begun to report the establishment of a new government and that General Auguste had assumed office as the interim president.
Berg dazedly stared at the screen, his face blanched to a sickly white in a flash, he found himself unable to speak a single word for what felt like ages.
Ling Yu walked up to him with unease coating his every step and spoke in a soft, even tone: "Berg. Rosen and I are trying to connect to His Majesty’s personal communicator. Unfortunately, the communication signal on the Capital Star seems to be under complete and total surveillance, it’s impossible to get through…"
In fact, they contacted His Majesty as soon as they returned to Naomi Star, but the signal wasn’t able to connect. At that time, they thought it was the defensive network that was cutting communication from the interior to the outside world. It was now apparent that the communication signals on the Capital Star were being closely monitored by the military— obviously, Auguste and the rest had everything all prepped and tied off with a neat little bow.
Ling Yu lightly frowned and said: "Do you not know how the King and Queen are doing either?"
Berg took a deep breath, looked back at Ling Yu, and spoke in the most leveled tone he could muster: "Wang Xiong had asked me to leave the Capital Star along with the Nine-Tailed Fox, he had also seen Slyvie off ahead of time. He had obviously anticipated that the military would stage a coup. With his personality being as it is, he should have already arranged a set of countermeasures…"
***
Meanwhile, on the Capital Star.
Auguste's face was weighed down by deep darkness, he slammed the file in his hand straight onto the table and ran his cold gaze over his subordinates: "What are you saying? You didn't find His Majesty and the Queen? The Imperial Palace isn’t that large, Trent and Anna couldn’t have just disappeared into thin air, now could they?!”
His underling spoke, each word choked out between their trembles of fear: "General, we-we’ve already searched the Imperial Palace up and down, we also figured out a way to open the defensive wall set in His Majesty's palace, but… inside that palace… there wasn’t a single soul in sight!”
Nobody was there?!
Auguste's face became even more difficult to look at!
Prior to the funeral preparations, he had promptly sent troops to surround the Imperial Palace. At that time, His Majesty Trent had activated the Imperial Palace’s internal self-isolation system. When this highest level mechanism was put into play, a spherical defensive shell was erected around the Imperial Palace’s perimeter. The defensive shell was manufactured with special materials and was able to withstand extreme artillery barrage and any ensuing bombardments, preventing everything from falling to ruin. It could temporarily ensure the safety of those in the palace.
Auguste hadn’t cared much if it all about it at the time, as he saw it, His Majesty was hidden away in the palace, no matter what it was a pretty solid case of catching a turtle in a jar, intercepting him was inevitable.
Yet past all expectations, when the funeral came to its end, the Thunder Legion’s Defense Unit finally figured out a way to crack the code and open the defensive cover, but they were nevertheless welcomed to a deserted palace— His Majesty and the Queen had just up and vanished!
Auguste looked at the real-time projection of the palace sent by his subordinates, his frown deepened and he said nothing.
A man in a navy blue military uniform beside him suddenly made his way over right then, he raised his head and scanned his eyes over the monitor screen, lightly stroking his chin, he whimsically contemplated: "It seems that old fox Trent is much more cunning than you an I gave him credit for. He might have caught on to something ages ago, there must be a secret passageway in this palace." After he finished speaking, he squinted his eyes and pointed to the magnificent palace, saying without a shred of emotion: “Search the whole palace, leave no stones unturned and take note of any mechanisms inside. If you can’t find anything, then blow up the entire palace and search the underground!”
The underling immediately saluted and replied: “Understood! General!”
After the subordinate withdrew, Auguste then turned around and looked over at the man with a smile stretched across his face, he spoke with a low hush: "Ivan, has the Star Legion not made any moves of their own?"
General Ivan Stork, the commander of the Phantom Legion, smiled slightly and said, "That old fellow Byron upon seeing that the Imperial Palace had been completely surrounded by us, received inspiration to keep his head down and look the other way. He holed himself up in his apartment like a turtle pulling its head into its shell."
"It seems he doesn’t have the guts to stand against us." Auguste paused before continuing on: "What about Udir and Drew? Have you heard anything back about them from those people you sent?"
The corners of Ivan’s lips pulled back and he spoke with a smile: "Drew is trapped in Naomi Star, there’s no way for him to escape. As for Udir, he has reportedly bought a few strange plants and has been placing his full attention in growing them on Po Military Star. Rest assured, all movements are under our surveillance."
Auguste nodded and said: "Then everything is going well within the parameters."
—They have been sowing the seeds for their plot for so long, discharging Ling Yu from the military registry, dissolving the great threat of that which the Dark Night Legion imposed upon them, then schemed to send Rosen to his death, transfer the Hydra Legion, cherry-picking each and every trustworthy force away from the throne… How could they not come out victorious?
The two looked at each other and smiled in synchronization to one another, seeming to see the golden dawn of a new era shining in each other's eyes.
***
Although Ling Yu and Rosen were worried that something had happened to His Majesty, Berg had a deeper insight into his Wang Xiong’s character. Since it had been said that His Majesty had become aware of it to some extent, with a person such as himself, he definitely wouldn’t sit and just wait for death to befall him. He may have planned an escape route from the Imperial Palace well in advance.
His Majesty and the Queen may just be hidden away somewhere safe…
Thinking along with this reasoning, the two people were able to ease their worries a smidge.
Rosen looked back at Ling Yu and said: "I will go back to reinstate my control over the Honor Legion tonight! Those in the Honor Legion who swore loyalty to me dwarfs whatever the number of lackeys Kerriman has on the inside. Kerriman wants to be the head of Honor Legion, what a joke!"
Ling Yu said: "I will bring the Dark Night Legion to back you."
Rosen light laid his arms on Ling Yu's shoulders and whispered: "You’re fine just where you are."
Ling Yu raised the corners of her lips. "Kerriman is essentially my ex-subordinate. And now he’s climbed to the rank of a commander of a legion. Naturally, I ought to give him a congratulatory gift."
Every time Ling Yu thought of killing a man, he would ever so slightly raise the corners of his lips and stretch them into a chilling smile.
Rosen looked at his cold smile and couldn't help drawing him towards himself, his mind a bit scrambled— He was pregnant and was still thinking of ways to kill someone at every turn in the road, would the little one inside him be affected?
Ling Yu was very confused by Rosen’s stare, he turned around and asked: "What's wrong?"
Rosen gave a quick smile, "Nothing."
He just felt that this pregnant general of his who was still actively leading his troops into battle was a bit too frightening.
Berg glanced at the two of them and said: "Kerriman will officially take over the position of the Glory Legion’s commander at 8 o'clock tonight. There are two hours to prepare. Wouldn’t it be better to take Xiao Yuan and Caesar over to the Nine-Tailed Fox to complete the compatibility matching? This mech will definitely come in handy moving forward."
Ling Yu spoke quickly: "Okay, I was thinking along the same lines, I hope Xiao Yuan can handle the Nine-Tailed Fox."
As soon as his voice fell, there was a burst of sudden knocks on the door. Rosen turned to open the door and was greeted with the sight of Lin Yuan and Caesar standing side by side outside the door.
Ling Yu went to the door, looked at his son, saying: "Xiao Yuan, what good timing, I'll take the two of you to see the mech."
***
Everyone under the guidance of Berg walked down together into the area designed to store the Nine-Tailed  Fox.
It was a fairly expansive space, stretching on for more than fifty meters in both length and width. A gigantic mech was placed in the center of the room. The orange metal seemed to be gilded in a warm sheen of gold under the illumination of the light, reflecting the dazzling luster. The smooth contours of its body made out to be the remarkably realistic shape of a fox. The fox-type mech was crouched in place like it was itching for battle. The large nine tails loosely hung behind it, the gigantic mech in it of itself was like a work of art built with painstaking precision and care.
Lin Yuan was struck dumb!
This mech was the most beautiful one he’d ever seen…
Its warm orange color, its fox likeness, and its nine big tails hanging behind him shone a whole new light on what Lin Yuan thought he’d understood about mechs. This was the first he’d realized that mechs could really be crafted like this…
Because of the light-footed and nimble characteristics of foxes, many mech makers in the Empire have tried to make fox-type mechs, but Lin Yuan has only seen a fox-type mech with one singular tail before, there has never been a fox with nine tails before!
To make a Nine-Tailed Fox, you must have superlative technology for parts assembly and installation. The intelligence center must exercise control over the nine tails, with the neural circuit connection along with that, it would be hundreds of times more complicated than ordinary mechs. This mech evidently stands as the Empire’s peak level of achievement!
It is really a next-level mech equal to none!
Looking at his son's excitement, Ling Yu couldn't help reaching out and pat his head, asking: "Do you like it?"
Lin Yuan nodded like a pestle pounding into a mortar: "I like it! This mech is so cool!"
Ling Yu smiled and said: "If you like it, try to pilot it and it’ll be yours."
Lin Yuan was stunned, he looked back at his dad in disbelief, "I… can?"
He is just an 18-year-old student, could it really be his?
Seeing his son's puzzled look, Ling Yu couldn't help but encourage him: "Believe in yourself, you can do it. Your mental threshold is not any lower than Dad’s."
Lin Yuan, receiving his dad’s encouragement, immediately became excited. He walked up to the Nine-Tailed-Fox and greeted it: "Hello, my name is Lin Yuan."
The receiving party paid him no mind, Lin Yuan was taken aback for a moment and turned to look back at his dad.
Ling Yu said: "The mech has not been matched yet, it has not been officially named either. It’ll ignore you if you talk to it now. If there isn’t anything else, you two can go to its control cabin to test your compatibility level first, and then after all of that you can name it as its masters."
Lin Yuan’s expression went blank, "Us two?"
Dave, who had been scratching his head explained with a soft chuckle: "This is an SS-Class mech. It’d be better to pilot it with two people. Since the response time of the mech is very quick and there are a whole bunch of piloting commands. A person on their own would be hard-pressed to operate on their own. The mech was originally set up with the condition of two pilots individually controlling the left and right sides of the mech."
Berg turned his head and looked at Caesar, saying: "Caesar, you and Xiao Yuan were the pilots chosen by His Majesty. You and Xiao Yuan are also the only ones that we have here fit to pilot this mech. However, for a two-person mech, when the compatibility matching is underway, your left and right brains will connect with each other, and exchanging a part of each other's memories will be required… Is there a problem with that?"
Caesar thought it over for a bit and said: "No problems here."
After speaking, he looked at Lin Yuan.
Lin Yuan was silent for a moment, then nodded and said, "No problems here either."
—He and Caesar have done even the most intimate things with one another, trusting each other, there was no secret that Lin Yuan couldn’t tell Caesar. There naturally wasn’t any issue in regard to exchanging parts of the other’s memories.
The two of them shared a look, seeing the trust filling in each other's eyes, and couldn't help but smile at each other.
Seeing the smile his son yielded to Caesar, Ling Yu felt something awry stirring in his mind… Why didn't Xiao Yuan hesitate to exchange memories? Does he really trust Caesar like that? Could it really be that this is just them being friends?
Ling Yu glanced at his son, his confusion growing discernable on his face. Lin Yuan didn’t notice his dad’s looks. He kept his gaze locked with Caesar’s: "Shall we give it a go now?"
Caesar nodded, "Sounds good to me."
Berg started up the mech compatibility matching system, the control cabin was lowered, and Lin Yuan and Caesar walked in side by side.
Inside the control cabin, the orange nerve wire lightly wound around the two of them, with a beautiful orange glow, as if it were a fine string of silk, the nerve wires came together and connected them at their wrist, the screen in front of them began to initialize its systems……
Caesar and Lin Yuan closed their eyes in the same beat.
The pilot of an S-Class mech must maintain a level of complete focus during the compatibility match, most of all in the case of an SS-Class mech the thoughts and feelings of the other person require careful consideration. If they couldn’t keep a clear head, the matching would definitely fail.
The percent of compatibility on the screen began to rise rapidly from 1%, then started to taper off, before coming to a sudden stop at 90%.
Countless strange and bizarre images appeared in Lin Yuan's mind—
In the scene of a gorgeous palace, a cute little boy was about to escape from the Imperial Palace, but slipped up along the way and tripped the alarm system at the Imperial Gates. He was caught and delivered before His Majesty. He hung his head aggrievedly, and whispered: "Father…"
His Majesty Trent said with a smile: "Caesar, you’ve got nothing to do, is that so? Then how about you transcribe the homework your teacher assigned a hundred times over. Oh, but of course, if you can say who was the one who instigated you, this Father of yours can lighten the punishment… and the child who speaks the truth will be rewarded."
Little Caesar spoke honestly without a second thought: "It was Elder Brother."
Sylvie: "…"
Sylvie turned the other way with the full intent of booking it, but Trent grabbed him by the collar and said: "To push your little brother into sneaking out of the palace, Sylvie, you are really getting more and more unmanageable by the day! Tonight, copy the royal etiquette manual a hundred times over and let me see it!"
That night, the Little Caesar, who sold his elder brother out, was given an ass-kicking by the raging elder prince and was then ordered by the eldest prince to help copy the manual.
A dour Little Caesar was laying down on a bed, helping his elder brother copy the manual, he made up his mind right there and then to never, ever listen to his brother’s words again.
Then, the scene changed to middle school. Caesar and Brian were taking a fighting training course together. The instructor's demands were far too high. Caesar, who was already a strapping young lad, studied fighting skills earnestly, his face beaten bloody by his master.
The corners of Caesar's mouth twitched: "Master, could you lighten your hits some…"
The master ruthlessly landed a strike on Caesar’s bruised arm, saying: "This boy still can’t handle this little taste of pain? As a prince, you must learn how to defend yourself, is that understood?"
Thus, in his teenage years, Caesar had developed an unparalleled level of fighting beaten into him by the master's hand…
The images in Caesar's memory made Lin Yuan’s lips spread into a smile, particularly the Little Caesar during his childhood. The young prince looked prim and proper as he was dressed in formal attire, attending a banquet. The chibi version of this young prince looked indescribably cute.
Of course, what appeared in Caesar's mind was also the little Yuanyuan during his childhood. The greedy little cat who pestered his big sister for cake, and the little one who would senselessly flip around on the bed, he had a face that was just begging to be firmly pinched.
The two were immersed in each other's memories, incapable of breaking out.
But the people waiting down below nevertheless looked at each other in dismay.
Dave, with his straightforward personality, ultimately couldn’t help but say: "Why did the compatibility matching stop at 90%? What's keeping it from rising up?"
Berg looked deeply at the red digits reading 90% on the monitor screen, saying after a pause: "Perhaps it’s the memories belonging to the two that’s affecting it, there’s not a way for them to be perfectly harmonized."
To operate a mech, there must be a complete harmonization. Although Lin Yuan and Caesar both trust each other and are willing to exchange each other’s memories, upon receiving another person’s memory in their mind, there would be an impact on their judgment with the degree of influence varying according to the content of said memory.
This is also the reason why Ling Yu refused to pilot with Rosen. Although their respective mental thresholds were both quite high, the higher the person’s mental threshold, the less they’d be able to accept another person’s invasion of their brain—
Piloting the Nine-Tailed Fox with Rosen, they may not even achieve an 80% compatibility rating.
The content of Lin Yuan and Caesar's memories are relatively mild, but even when such memories are exchanged into the other's mind, they will have a huge impact on each other's mental power.
90%… 90%…
The compatibility rating had come to a complete halt, it became clear that the two of them had reached their limit.
After a long silence, Dave scratched his head and said at a loss: "It seems that dual piloting was only a concept in theory. We would have to find two people in this world who are completely unaffected by each other and have high mental thresholds. It’s pretty much impossible."
Berg spoke suddenly: "Maybe only twins can do it, and only between twins would the rejection of each other be the weakest."
Dave said: "And just where could we find a pair of twins with a mental threshold over 300%?"
Berg wordlessly frowned.
Originally, they both thought that Caesar and Lin Yuan could pilot the Nine-Tailed Fox together, but they overlooked the fact that even people who trust each other can't share everything about themselves with one another no holds barred. Exchanging memories was just like having an entirely new person suddenly manifest in their brain, the feeling of their brain being overtaken was insufferable to many people.
No matter how high Lin Yuan and Caesar’s mental thresholds were, when they are matched together with the Nine-Tailed Fox the compatibility rating could only climb to 90%.
Berg finally opened his mouth to speak: "Forget it, it seems that it is a bit too far of a stretch to have them pilot the mech together… Moreover, Caesar already has White Feather, he and White Feather fully matched with one another a few years ago. A Master and an S-Class mech will be linked together, White Feather may also be playing a part in it."
Ling Yu nodded and said: "That it is indeed. Caesar's mental power will be affected by White Feather. Nine-Tailed Fox and White Feather's intelligence systems are different. It’d be very difficult for Caesar to control two mechs at the same time…" Ling Yu paused, then looked back at Dave and said, "This mech doesn't necessarily have to be piloted by two people, right? Have Xiao Yuan give a solo run, how about it?"
Dave said: "The inner workings of this mech are super complex. Of course, it can be piloted solo. However, it would be difficult for the pilot's reaction ability to keep up with the reaction speed of the mech… It can be likened to activating the right and left side of the brain at the same time, one person would have to carry the weight of two people.”
This is like simultaneously drawing a complicated diagram with the left and right hand. To be able to utilize the separate hemispheres of the brain in tandem would present an extreme challenge.
Dave pondered for a moment, before ultimately opening the cockpit with a press of the control button, saying with a smile: "Let’s give it a shot! There have indeed been some geniuses in history who could fully coordinate the left and right sides of the brain together!"
The cockpit was released, Lin Yuan and Caesar were still immersed in each other's memories, and the sudden severing of that connection left them momentarily lost in a memory fog.
Berg stepped forward and said: "The two of you can’t complete the matching with the mech at the same time. Let Xiao Yuan try it by himself."Volume 1: San Romia Military Academy
Chapter 1: Admission to Military School
Rennes planet on the edge of the Cigar Galaxy, this is a very barren and desolate planet, with a population of less than 100 million. Unlike other planets with four seasons and habitable spring-like atmosphere, Rennes was frosty, snowing all year round. The entire planet was a world of snow and ice, white as far as the eye can see.
Such a cold place was inhabited thanks to the huge amounts of energy reserves stored under the planet's surface—a mineral named blue crystal that is essential for making large warships. His Majesty even dispatched an army stationed to oversee the mining of this precious mineral.
Cosmic Calendar 798 winter, on December 24, Christmas Eve. RN1317 Rennes planet, a very ordinary civilian residential area. In an ordinary living room, a virtual Christmas tree with different colors of laser lights pulsing to the rhythm of some music. The music and constantly flashing lights filled the simple three bedroom house with a festive atmosphere.
There was a scent wafting from the kitchen.
A beautiful woman is cooking seriously, next to her is a young girl, her hair up in ponytail, decorating a colorful cake. The smell of the food and the sweetness of the cake mix together, creating a smell that's easy to open the appetite.
Out from the wind and snow a young juvenile enters the house, from the door he was immediately attracted by the rich aroma.
The teenager was apparently an Asian boy, with ink-black hair and bright eyes, his soft snowflake-light black hair was against his ear, in stark contrast to his fair complexion.
The boy held out his hand, breathed into his palms and gently rubbed them together, his ears were bitingly red. He quickly changed out of his shoes and took off his warm coat, walked into the kitchen and greeted the busy woman with a smile: “Mom, I’m home! ” - listening to the sound of his voice was like listening to a string of sweet musical notes.
The cooking woman turned to greet him, but when she saw the boy's red ears, she could not help but worriedly say: “Is it that cold outside? Xiao Yuan, quick go take a hot bath, the food will be done soon. ”
Lin Yuan said with a smile:” It’s all right, I'll help you guys! ”
He went to his sister’s side, curiously looked at the cake and rolled up his sleeves to help, but his sister frowned and pushed him away:” Go, go, go, the less people in the kitchen the less chaos, there's no need for your help, just wait to eat!" Lin Yao pushed her brother out the door, while rubbing his silky black hair until it was messed up to satisfaction.
Lin Yuan can't help but say, “Sis, I’m not Hobby, can you not rub my head like that?”
Hobby, the small white dog he picked up two years ago in front of the space station, his sister often rubbed it from head to toe, she’d even weave its long hair into a braid.
After hearing his master’s voice, a little braided Hobby happily ran in and rubbed up against Lin Yuan's leg, issued a little whine of grievance. Lin Yuan picked it up sympathetically.
Lin Yao stared at him: “You still haven't taken a shower?"
After saying this she gave Hobby a stern look, the little dog immediately fearfully shrunk his head into Lin Yuan's arms.
“……” Lin Yuan quickly held Hobby and turned away so it couldn't suffer from his sister’s gaze attack any longer.
When he came out of the shower the food was already spread out on the table. There was a round cake, delicately covered with a ring of fresh strawberries, written on it was “Happy 18th Birthday Lin Yuan”.
Although his sister has an aggressive personality, she has a hand for cooking, especially her delicious handmade cakes. The virtual candles on the cake in the dark room is like a burst of fireworks. Lin Yuan's heart can't help but fill with warmth. Although they're only virtual candles, blowing out candles has always been their family tradition.
He was born of Christmas Eve. Every year his mother and sister would use this ancient and solemn way to celebrate his birthday. Although he grew up without a father, and didn't know what type of personality his father had, he never lacked for warmth in his single parent family. His mother's cooking and his sister's personally baked cake, was the best birthday present he could have.
Lin Yuan started to cut into the cake, but was stopped by Lin Yao: “Hey, don’t forget to make a wish."
"Oh, yeah."
Lin Yuan smiled, gently close his eyes, clasped his hands, and made a wish– the same wish he's made every year since he knew what a wish was –To get out of here one day.
Lin Yuan always felt that he did not belong here. In his dreams, there would always appear a warm aqua blue planet with sunny skies, sea and sand, fresh air and green plants, a planet suitable for human life. He did not want to stay in this barren desert land of ice and snow all his life. Rennes had fewer and fewer residents each year, and seeing those people one by one moving to other galaxies, Lin Yuan could not help but think: "One day I'll leave here with my mother and sister." He wanted to take them out of this cold and desolate place, and live in his warm, spring filled dream planet.
–Fortunately, this desire will soon be achieved.
Because he just got an admission letter from the San Romia Military Academy.
After dinner ended, Lin Yuan returned to the bedroom, dug through his backpack and took out an exquisite dark blue envelope. The envelope paper was very high quality and felt thick in his hands. The right corner of the envelope had a beautiful insignia, similar to the wings of an Eagle, printed on it– the coat of arms of the Lacey Empire Army.
In this age of accelerating technology, connection between people was through e-mail and visual communication devices, this ancient letter sending is very rare, only the San Romia Military Academy would use such a grand way to contact students. Of course, an e-mail message was also sent out. This paper acceptance letter was sent to students as a souvenir.
–San Romia Military Academy, Lacey Empire's best military academy. Many of the empire's generals, the Marshals, and even the Empire's Majesty, Mark Strand, have studied there. For this reason, San Romia Military Academy's exquisite paper acceptance letter was carefully treasured by many students, it even became their crowning glory.
Lin Yuan touched the letter, his lips can't help but rise slightly higher, his black eyes filled with undisguised delight.
–I actually got in!
Soon, he'll be a San Romia Military Academy student, the wise generals and His Majesty himself will be his alumni!
His mother and sister were watching the news on the virtual optical screen in the living room, Lin Yuan sat down by his mother, handed her the envelope, hugged her shoulders, smiled and said, “Mom, take a look at this. ”
"What is it?"
A little doubtful, Mrs. Lin took the envelope, saw the lower-right corner of the envelope had an Eagle pattern, fingers shaking a little, took a deep breath, and opened the envelope to see the silver printed handwriting on the beautiful letter.
–San Romia Military Academy admission notice.
Student Lin Yuan, with outstanding results on the entrance examination, is admitted to San Romia Military Academy as student No. 598 of the military command section. Please report to the Academy on or before January 18, cosmic calendar 799. The woman suddenly closed the notice, face pale, and looked back at Lin Yuan: “You secretly attended the army’s public exam?!"
“……” Lin Yuan was shocked silent, he thought when his mother saw the letter she'd be happy for him, but his mom's shocked expression didn't have a hint of joy and she rarely spoke to him in such a shrill tone.
Lin Yuan paused, quizzically scratched his head and said: “Mom, I’m sorry, you were in hospital, the Military Academy was open for admissions and I didn't have time to tell you……”
“Yeah, Lin Yuan told me he was signing up!"
Lin Yao tried to clear her brother's name. She took the notice from her mother hands, reading the letter back and forth several times carefully, after confirming, Lin Yao rubbed her brother’s hair: “Good for you! I really didn't expect it'd be real! San Romia Military Academy! Wow, that’s the best school in this whole empire! ”
Lin Yuan felt embarrassed by her pet-like hair rubbing, quickly moved his head to avoid the clutches of his sister, and secretly sneaked the innocent dog relaxing in the corner of the sofa into his sister’s hand. Lin Yao shifted targets, held Hobby in her arms, rubbed his little fluffy head, and said with a proud expression: “My brother will certainly become an excellent warship Commander! No, forget being a commander, my brother will be a five-star General! I was a General’s sister, hahaha! "
Little Hobby: “Woo wowo…..”
Lin Yuan: “cough cough … …”
The two siblings were joking around, turned around only to find that their mother’s face was paler, her fingers were even slightly trembling.
Lin Yuan worriedly asked, “Mom, what’s wrong?"
Lin Yao also put down the dying from excessive rubbing Hobby, said:” Mom, don’t get angry, you were sick in the hospital, Xiao Yuan just didn't want to worry you so he didn’t say anything. ”
Mrs. Lin was silent for a moment, looked at her son:” Well, do you have to go to military school? Isn't it better to test to another school? After all, military … …Military schools are very strict…… ”
Lin Yuan waved her concerns away with a smile: “I’m a boy, that type of hard work is nothing, plus being a soldier has always been my dream, I always wanted to grow up and go to a Military Academy."
Lin Yuan paused, finally puzzled at his mom's reaction, "Mom, you don’t want me to go to San Romia Military Academy?"
"Of course…of course not……” Mrs. Lin just laughed, “that's our Empire’s best school, the entrance examinations are very strict, only a small amount of students are admitted each year, you passed by your skill alone, Mom is very happy for you. ”
Mrs. Lin stood up from the couch and gently rubbed his head,” You guys talk, I'm going to bed early.”
The siblings watched her leave, both eyes looked at each other quizzically. They could not perceive their mother's abnormalities, Mrs. Lin personality has always been gentle, they thought she looked pale because she was too excited and because of her poor health.
After she left, Lin Yao once again entered into “My brother's been admitted to the top school in the Empire” Ecstasy, she told her brother a variety of things to pay attention to, while gallantly leading him to his bedroom to quickly pack his luggage.
–Only a short two weeks before San Romia Academy opens its gates.
***
At 11 o’clock in the evening.
Raging winds, heavy snow, a beautiful woman wrapped in a thick coat appeared at the doorway of a Villa, she rang the bell, and was soon invited inside.
The woman's pale fingers were trembling, her voice rose at the sight of the person who appeared in front of her: “Professor Fornt, you have to help me think of something……”
The professor was already more than 50 years old, slightly portly figure, and as a doctor, he was very gentle towards people. He saw Mrs. Lin's pale face, quickly brought her to the living room, and poured her a cup of hot water. He softly whispered, “Mrs. Lin, don't worry, please speak slowly."
Mrs. Lin clutched the cup in her hands, her lips quivering, and said:” Ahhh, Xiao Yuan…he enrolled in the San Romia Military Academy, and was accepted …Oh my God, he kept telling me he's joining the military…. ”
Fornt was shocked silly: “You mean, the directly governed by the military San Romia Academy?"
Mrs Lin nodded, her face tense. Fornt's face also changed, “As far as I know, San Romia Military Academy's rules are very strict."
"I know, if a student is admitted to the academy, they're required by the military to report on time, otherwise they will be considered a deserter…." Mrs. Lin paused:” But, but how can I let him go to military school? He's an Omega … …Oh my God, he's already 18 years old what if in school he….. ”
Mrs. Lin was afraid to continue. At 18 years old, an Omega will enter their first season of their life. An Omega will completely lose control during estrus, dominated by their nature, they'll only aspire to be embraced, be occupied, be marked. In the military there are countless Alpha, a single Omega who can enter estrus at any time, aren't they no different than a sheep thrown into a den of wolves?
Chapter 2: New Omega Inhibitor
As the family doctor, Fornt is very familiar with the Lin family next door. Lin and her husband are descendants of the ancient earth era of humans in Asia,
Asia in the Earth era was a very great country, with nearly 5,000 years of civilization, and there were hundreds of legendary surnames - compared to a complex name like Fornt Venetier? Having an only two or three syllable name was simple.
Mrs Lin and her husband are Beta, their daughter Lin Yao is also a Beta. Her husband was a soldier of the Empire who died in battle many years ago, therefore, the Government paid them a yearly stipend to maintain their daily livelihood. The war between the Lacey Empire and Strandian Federation has stretched over hundreds of years and has claimed the lives of thousands of young soldiers. This single mother Beta family circumstance is increasingly becoming more common. Mrs. Lin and her daughter Lin Yao are a very ordinary, not notable family….but she also has a son.
-Lin Yuan.
Fornt remembered the boy’s name and even remembered the first time he saw him.
That was ten years ago, Fornt had just moved to a civilian residential area on this planet. That day, he saw a boy about eight years old, an Asian boy with yellow skin, black hair and a pair of big obsidian black clear eyes. Rennes is a cold planet, with regular snowfall, when Fornt met Lin Yuan he was playing in the snow. The boy molded the snow into a variety of interesting shapes, a spherical jellyfish, and hexagonal starfish, there were flat crabs and a variety of strange marine life.
He was oozing out a layer of sweat from his brow, his ears were slightly red, but the cold didn't stop his fun of piling up art snow sculptures one after another.
Fornt stood in the distance, sitting idly watching the boy play, the little boy spotted him, smiled back at him–the boy’s smile was bright, his grinning mouth showing white teeth, his little baby fat jiggled as he laughed, he was lively and lovely.
–At that moment, Fornt thought he saw the long absent Sun.
The second time he saw the boy was on a cold, snowy night. Mrs. Lin came looking for him in the middle of night in tears, begging him to save her child. He took a medical kit over to look at the child, and inadvertently discovered that the boy was an Omega–and a very pureblooded Omega at that!
Descendants of a Beta and Beta pairing can only be Beta! Only a combination of an Alpha and an Omega can give birth to a pureblooded Omega! The pureblooded Omega ratio in humans is only 5%, and less than 1% of Omega are men!
According to the law of the Empire, Omega, who are treated as a rare "cherished species", are required to be registered to the “Empire Omega Protection Association” at birth and placed under direct control of the government. Before the age of 13, the Government will provide living allowances for the Omega's family.
At the age of 13, all Omega will be shipped to the Cepheus Galaxy star to attend an Omega School for a 5 year education period. The serious imbalance in the gender ratio of Alpha and Omega, plus the extremely low birth rate and high mortality rate of Betas, has put the human population in a negative state of growth.
For the sake of humanity's continuation, Omega, who have the highest fertility rate, become the Empire's “protected” species at the age of 18. The society will immediately arrange a genetically compatible Alpha for their marriage, bearing only the most outstanding offspring! It was strange that the Omega child called Lin Yuan would be lost in this desolate, barren planet. It was immediately clear that he was not registered in the Omega Protection Association, but was living as an ordinary Beta in the most desolate planet in the universe, and had lived there for eight years.
–Fornt was in disbelief.
Mrs. Lin reluctantly told him the whole truth. There's a secret experiment to change a human's physiology. The experiment's promoter was a very ambitious Omega genius doctor, he hoped that Omega would finally be able to leave the government's control. Then they'll be free to direct their own life, instead of being forced to become some Alpha's plaything, year after year treated as a tool for human reproduction!
The doctor developed an “Omega pheromone inhibitor" which quickly became an open secret between Omega. Many Omega men and women with a strong sense of autonomy secretly used this inhibitor to become no different from ordinary Beta. They could go to school, make friends, attend social events, rather than be like a machine trapped at home for childbirth, childbirth, childbirth.
Among these Omega, the most famous was Ling Yu, a major-general. After using the Omega pheromone inhibitor, he mixed into the military Academy, and became the youngest General in the history of the Empire, with excellent military command. He even had his own independent corps!
However, his Omega inhibitor unexpectedly failed during a military operation, in the middle of the battlefield he was forced to enter into heat. Fortunately he managed to gain control of his Alpha subordinates and successfully evacuated his regiment from the front lines, but he was ultimately expelled from the military.
It attracted the attention of His Majesty, and since then the Omega pheromone inhibitors were seized and disabled. The young major General Ling Yu was unaccounted for ever since. Some say that he was secretly executed by the military, some say that he was brought home to have children. Some have even said that he was too humiliated to appear in public and committed suicide.
In any case, the legendary Omega General never appeared again, and no one knows the truth of his whereabouts, That battle became the army’s top secret, which no one dared to openly discuss.
Fornt was shocked that the child Lin Yuan was also injected with the Omega pheromone inhibitor! In that year the inhibitors had become prohibited in the Empire. He'd been injected with the drug from birth, so even as a strong pureblooded Omega, his Omega scent was very light.
He was sick because his inhibitor's effect was running out, and at eight years old he could not enter heat like an adult Omega, so his body’s hormone imbalance caused his immune system to collapse. Mrs. Lin told Fornt that according to the Omega doctor's deduction, if the inhibitors were injected long term till the age of 20, through an Omega's most intense heat from age 18-20, Lin Yuan could completely become a Beta. Although a private sex change was obviously violating the laws of the Empire, but when faced with Mrs. Lin’s tear stained face and the tightly held body of the constantly trembling young boy, Fornt relented.
Yes, he really liked that lovely boy. He wanted the child to grow up happily, rather than die at the early age of eight. Thus, Professor Fornt promised to help Lin Yuan. He took the list of medical ingredients from Mrs. Lin and after intense research he successfully made a new Omega inhibitor–this inhibitor not only adjusts the Omega's hormone imbalance, but also let their physique be no different than ordinary Beta, more importantly this inhibitor could change the human blood factor to avoid high-end screening checks–even routine blood tests!
The only test that must be avoided is genetic testing.
Human genetics cannot be changed with pharmaceuticals, once Lin Yuan's Omega gene was detected his identity would be exposed! Ten years ago, a decision in a moment of weakness, caused Fornt to embark on a journey of no return. He has watched Lin Yuan grow up, he loves that little Asian boy. Now, that lovely little boy has grown up and became an 18 years old teenager, if he could hold out for two years, he could completely turn into an ordinary, happy Beta, and have the freedom of control of his own life.
However, why did he suddenly apply to that damn military school? And he actually got accepted? God dammit!
The Empire places great importance on the observance of military rules and regulations, an institute controlled directly by the military like San Romia Military Academy, where annual enrollment is limited, if Lin Yuan is admitted to the academy but doesn't report on time, the army will certainly hold him accountable—to register for the San Romia Military Academy yet inexplicably not show up, it's not strange to be treated as a deserters from the battlefield, he might even be wanted by the military!
If Lin Yuan goes to military school, he cannot guarantee that his Omega identity would not be detected. Once his identity is exposed, he would be sent to the Omega Association, and given to an Alpha for marking, possession, and childbirth! For Lin Yuan who has always thought himself a Beta, it'd be a devastating blow!
Fornt frowned in thought for a long time, eventually he took a deep breath, and tried to connect to a friend's communicator. Soon on the holographic projection screen, a middle-aged steel faced man appeared.
The man glanced at Fornt, asked in a deep voice: “Fornt, why are you looking for me so late?"
Fornt smiled and said:” Oh, my dear Lieutenant-Colonel Knox, there’s something I’d like to ask you. What types of test does the San Romia Military Academy perform on school freshmen? My nephew plans to register for San Romia Military Academy, I want to know the situation in advance. ”
"Physical examination, physical fitness tests and serological tests." The stern-faced officers frowned slightly, he then said,” Your nephew? Claude who plays games all day? He has no hope of getting into San Romia Military Academy, you’d better let him give up. ”
"Cough, he's always stubborn." Fornt dragged his nephew out as a shield, then immediately changed the subject,” So you say, the school doesn't do genetic testing? ”
Knox nodded:” Only in cases of suspected bloodline problems do we do genetic testing, generally it's not done. ”
Fornt smiled,” Oh, thank you, I'll take you out to dinner when I get back. ”
Knox deadpan, "That's what you’ve been saying for the past decade."
When the communication ended, Fornt awkwardly touched his nose. Yes, it had been ten years since he came to this planet, and every time he called he'd invite his friend to dinner “when he returned”, he didn't even know how many dinners he owed his friend now. Fortunately, he picked up some very valuable news.
Lieutenant-Colonel Knox was one of San Romia Military Academy's instructors, he manages the testing period, every year the freshman experience a month-long hell under his reign.
"Since he said so, the serum would go undetected." Fornt sighed, and said to Mrs. Lin: “Mrs. Lin, don’t be impatient, I've thought of a way." Mrs. Lin looked up immediately,” Professor, do you have a good idea? ”
Fornt said:” Let Lin Yuan report to the military school, I'll give him a batch of inhibitor pills, made by dispersing the bi-monthly injection into several tablets, so that it could escape the intelligent detection ability of the interstellar gateway. As long as he takes the medicine on time, after two years, he will completely turn into a Beta. ”
Mrs. Lin was in shock:” Send him to the Military Academy? This …What if he… in school…. ”
Fornt smiled: “Don’t worry, this inhibitor's performance is more stable than before, it won't suddenly fail. As long as he takes the medicine on time, his Omega pheromone will be comprehensively suppressed, there'll be no unexpected heat.” Fornt paused,” but you’ve got to find a way to get him to keep taking his medicine. Each pill's inhibitor concentration is very low, taking it every day is best, if there are unexpected disruptions, make sure it lasts no more than a week. ”
Mrs. Lin is conflicted for a moment, sending Lin Yuan away to the Military Academy seems to be the only choice, adventuring to school with drugs seems to be much better than being wanted by the army … … Even if the worst case scenario occurs and his Omega identity is exposed, being a pureblooded Omega, he'll at least be immediately protected by the Government.
–As long as there's no unexpected estrus. For inexperienced Alpha cadets, an Omega's estrus pheromone would definitely make the Alpha lose their minds like animals …Mrs. Lin doesn't dare to think about the horrible possibilities. She can only tightly clutch her necklace to her chest, and whisper again and again in the bottom of her heart a prayer: God, please bless this child! Please bless him!
*****
Next door in the Lin house, Lin Yuan was resting in his bedroom.
The 18 year old teenager stretched his body, comfortably sleeping in his bed, dreaming of a warm and wonderful landscape. Although he was sure he'd never been to that place, he always dreamed of that scenery. The blue planet, where there was sunshine, green plants, with soft golden sandy beaches and an endless blue sea, the waves on the beach make a sweet rushing noise. He could even smell the salt in the warm sea breeze gently brushing his cheek.
He dreamed that he was living in a simple cottage by the sea, a soft melody always drifting through the room. There's a soft hand stroking his head, a man’s voice repeatedly ringing in his ears: “Son, you’ll be a Beta, an ordinary, joyful Beta … … All right?" Lin Yuan heard words coming out of his mouth:” Okay Papa! I am a Beta!”
-Is that…father?
That gentle voice who's calling him son, is that his papa?? In the dream, a wave suddenly engulfed all the good scenes in front, replacing them with endless despair and darkness.
-His 18th birthday has passed, today, he's really a grown up.
Deep in his body there seems to be a fierce beast slowly awakening. That beast was controlled, repressed for a long long time, now it's finally woken up- lonely, screaming, and yelling. It seems to want to break through, layer by layer, it peels back its prison walls. A strange thrill rises slowly from his spine, his pale skin oozing out a thin layer of sweat, rapidly flowing blood in his blood vessels. His heart began to fiercely beat out of control. There's a strange sense of emptiness, Lin Yuan shivers from the cold. From the deep places of his body, he felt a sudden desire to be hugged.
Why is it so cold …Is it snowing outside? Lin Yuan vaguely thought, a little uneasy, he wrapped himself deeper into his quilts, and fell into a strange nightmare.
Chapter 3: Two Conditions
When he woke up the next day, there was a delicious breakfast on the table. Lin Yuan washed up and joined his family in the kitchen. He saw his mother’s pale face, walked to her side and gently hugged her shoulder, smiled and said, “Mom, are you still mad about me not telling you?"
Mrs. Lin looked at the young man's bright smile and her heart couldn't help but feel a little bitter. How can I tell him? You're not a Beta, you're an Omega, your dad is also an Omega, I'm just your foster mother, and we don’t have any blood relation? You received a so-called “gender transformation test" at birth, and was forced to be injected with an Omega pheromone inhibitor. You must eat Dr. Fornt's new inhibitor pills every day for two years until you thoroughly become a Beta? If you do not take this medicine, you'll likely entire into estrus, and an Omega's estrus causes loss of reason, only left with instinct, longing to be embraced, possessed, and give birth?
Mrs. Lin's fingertips trembled slightly, to face the young man with clear black eyes and an innocent smile and say such a cruel truth…She really couldn't say a word! Oh, my God! This boy has always thought he was an ordinary Beta, in his mind, he's going to marry a Beta girl in the future and have children! Instead he could be forcibly taken by a strange Alpha, forced to have a child! This subversion of his whole world would simply make Lin Yuan crash! In the end it was better to continue to deceive him, as long as he turns 20 and becomes a Beta everything will be okay….
“Mom, don’t get angry. Sis packed my luggage for me yesterday, school is opening soon I have to report to it as soon as possible.” The young man who knows nothing walked behind his mother's back and laughed, giving his mom a shoulder massage,” Three years will pass quickly and when I graduate, I can become a soldier. Each soldier of the Empire can be assigned to a House of their own in the primary planet constellation Cepheus. Then I can take Sis and you to live there…… ”
The young man's wishes caused the beautiful lady's nose to sour. Three years … I wish you could spend those three years in peace.
Mrs. Lin took a deep breath, looked back at Lin Yuan and said: “Well, I have no objection to you studying in military school, but you have to promise me two conditions." Seeing his mom finally relent, Lin Yuan immediately returned his hand, turned and sat in front of his mom and seriously asked "What conditions?"
Mrs. Lin said in a low voice: “After you enter the military Academy …… Stay as far away from those Alpha as possible." Lin Yuan was surprised for a moment, he thought his mother’s condition would be to earnestly, carefully study, don't get distracted by Beta girls or something, he didn’t think it would be such an inexplicable condition.
–Stay away from Alpha?
Lin Yuan scratched his head quizzically, “Why?”
Mrs. Lin was silent for a moment, then she said,” San Romia Military Academy, do you know how it is? ”
Lin Yuan looked at her in bewilderment: "I know it's the best military academy in our Empire." Mrs. Lin’s expression became more serious:” Not only that, Xiao Yuan…… Alpha are the best species of human, San Romia Military Academy is the best military academy of the empire, especially if you apply for the military section…… Many of our marshals and military commanders, even our current Majesty are San Romia Military Academy graduates, you know that?" Lin Yuan nodded.
Mrs. Lin said: “The people who are in the military command section, even the Beta are all powerful, not to mention the pureblooded Alpha. Many of them are the sons of Generals, descendants of the Royal family may even become your classmates. These types of people, you can't offend them….Do you know what I mean? ”
His mother rarely talked so seriously, so Lin Yuan listened carefully and quickly understood her concerns. Yes, he was just an ordinary child of a single parent family in a remote, barren planet. Being admitted to the military department of San Romia Military Academy was a great honor, so in school he must be low-key, so he can't offend anybody and cause trouble for himself!
Low-key life, understated work! Right! Lin Yuan smiled and earnestly said: “Mom, you can rest assured, I won't provoke them." Seeing her son make a firm commitment slightly relieved Mrs. Lin. She hesitated, took out a bottle and handed it to him. She whispered, “There’s this too, this is medicine Dr. Fornt made for you, take one every day. This is the second condition." Lin Yuan took the bottle and looked at it curiously, "What is it?"
Mrs. Lin cautiously said, “This medicine can help improve your physique, it's good for you. This bottle has a total of 365 pills, eat one every day, when you come back for the holidays I want to check. ”
-They're good? Improve my physique? Are they vitamins? Lin Yuan was puzzled, but still smiled, put away the bottle and said, “Ok, I know."
Mrs. Lin said gravely: “Xiao Yuan, I’m not joking with you! Dr. Fornt has taken care of you since you were young, he knows your body. Do you remember when you was eight years old and almost died? Your body is special, maybe a similar situation will happen again, this drug is good for you, you have to eat it every day, promise me again, don’t forget!”
Seeing his mom be so careful and thoughtful of the things that happened when he was eight, Lin Yuan put away his smile and nodded seriously,” Yes, I know, mom you can rest assured that I'll take it every day, it'll be just as important as lessons before bed. ”
Mrs. Lin's heart felt more relieved. Lin Yuan has always been an obedient boy, even from an early age. Since he made such a promise, of course he'll keep it. But still……her heart had a hint of unease.
Mrs. Lin took a deep breath, removed the confusion from her mind, and handed a platinum crystal card to Lin Yuan, “Take this card, the password is your birthday. This is a sum of money your father left behind, when you need money in school just brush this card. ”
Lin Yuan quickly shook his head:” No, give it to sis instead. San Romia has free tuition, room and board, and each month they give out living allowances…. ”
Mrs. Lin frowned and interrupted him: “Take it, this is something your dad left for you, you're away from home, you need money. I have a card for your sister, don’t worry." When faced with his mother's resolute attitude Lin Yuan had to accept it.
But he doesn't know, the father he had in mind, and the father Mrs. Lin talked about were not the same person.
***
As the first day of military school drew closer, Lin Yuan booked a spaceship ticket on the interstellar network. The large interstellar passenger ship Pearl No. 731, will be in Cigar galaxy's planet Oman on January 5th for an hour, the distance from Cigar galaxy's planet Rennes to planet Oman is 100 light-years. He needs to take a small spacecraft to planet Oman, a 10 hour trip.
Lin Yuan booked ticket was for January 4th, at 5 o’clock in the afternoon for a one way trip to Planet Oman. Mrs. Lin and Lin Yao personally dropped him off at Rennes' space station. Farewell atmospheres have always made people sad. Seeing his mom's red eyes, Lin Yuan also could not bear to leave her, he tightly hugged her and pretended to smile care freely.
“Mom, I will be back on the first holiday at the end of the school year! Also, I'll video call you often. I promise I won't forget you! Trust me, please! ”
Mrs. Lin was assured a bit. She gently held her son and sobbed:” Please take care of yourself. ”
Lin Yuan smiled and nodded "I will!"
He went to his sister's side,” Sis, please remember to feed Hobby on time! ”
Lin Yao forthrightly waved: “Don’t worry, I won’t starve it!”
"Then I leaving, goodbye guys!"
Looking at the time, Lin Yuan waved the two people goodbye and entered the security checkpoint. Interstellar voyages have very strict security, even within the same galaxy, all passengers and carry-on luggage must be carried along on an electronic conveyor belt, and scanned by a 360-degree omi-directional laser sweep. Each passenger and their pets must also undergo serological tests before boarding, so they don't spread infectious viruses. Lin Yuan’s luggage is very simple, only a few clothes, so he quickly passed the first hurdle. When the belt turned on to the second monitoring station, a serious, middle-aged man pricked Lin Yuan's finger with a needle. When he finished taking a blood sample, he gave Lin Yuan a cold look and said: “Take your pet out."
"Ha?” Lin Yuan stumbled, scratched his head,” Uncle…. Are you joking around? What pet? ”
The middle-aged man was expressionless, and presented a life like computer scan diagram of the inside of his luggage box for Lin Yuan to see—He saw several simple clothes and a snow-white small dog shrunk into the corner. The puppy was asleep and seemed to be having a sweet dream, his long fur was also twisted into a braid.
Lin Yuan: “……”
The middle-aged men urged: “Please take your pet out for the blood examinations, also, pets should not be placed inside of luggage, before boarding there needs to be a unified registration, go to the front to check the registration procedures."
"…… Oh. “Lin Yuan quickly opened his luggage and pulled the sleeping Hobby out. Hobby woke up in a daze, and cried out at the sudden prick of a needle, watched his master in tears. Lin Yuan felt helpless, he doesn't know how this little guy got into his box. He clearly remembers locking his luggage the day he packed it! Does he have to take the puppy to school now?
Lin Yuan immediately felt an approaching headache. There's no way the school allowed students to keep pets! However, his mother and sister had already left, the spacecraft was about to take off, and Lin Yuan couldn't leave small Hobby in the space station……
There was no other alternative. If the school didn't allow pets, he'd have to find someone to adopt it.
***
At 3 o’clock in the morning, the spacecraft arrived on planet Oman. Unlike the snow covered, barren, desolate planet Rennes, as the main star of Cigar Galaxy, Oman's environment was clearly much better, and the population was larger by several times, but it was still cold. The entire Cigar Galaxy is currently the coldest galaxy in the universe. It's not very suitable for human inhabitation, but because the galaxy had vast energy reserves that needed to be mined, it was gradually being populated.
This is Lin Yuan's first time on Oman planet, although he was curious, the Pearl interstellar spacecraft will arrive at 7 o’clock and it was 3 o'clock. It was not a good idea to roam around in a strange planet, so Lin Yuan just found a quiet corner to sit down, held Hobby in his arms and closed his eyes. Drowsiness hit, he had just fallen asleep when suddenly he heard a loud piercing scream, a terrible sound, like someone being choked. It immediately made people's heart feel a chill.
Lin Yuan was startled awake, he saw a group of guards quickly rush into a corner. Moments later, the guards walked back, they seemed to be carrying a person. Lin Yuan looked at them curiously, unexpectedly, in a gap between the security guards, he met a man’s eyes.
–It was a very good-looking man. The man was blond, skin white and his mouth was bitten and bloody. His body was quavering, he did not seem to have the strength to stand, and was half-dragged, half walking with the guards. His beautiful eyes were slightly red, filled with panic and helplessness. Faced with those eyes obviously seeking help, Lin Yuan's heart felt tight, like it was being squeezed.
“……” Lin Yuan wanted to stand up, only to see the group of guards marching the man aboard a station vehicle.
“That Omega was crazy! Instead of staying at home, he had the gall to sneak out then entered estrus in the middle of this space station! Shit! I was almost affected! ”
"Yes, it's good that the guards found him in a timely manner, or he’d be miserable! Whose family does that insensitive Omega belong to?”
Some adults were talking with evident mocking tones. Lin Yuan looked at the direction where the guards disappeared, gently shook his fingers with uneasiness.
Omega……Is that an Omega?
Lin Yuan only learned about Omega from the network, but he's never seen an Omega. Because all Omega are sent to a specially created Omega school at age 13, forced into marriage at 18, after marriage they almost never leave the house, only responsible for childbirth, so most people are rarely able to see Omega.
That Omega was really good-looking. Lin Yuan was a little confused, the smell of an Omega in estrus was very strange, it made him feel uneasy, there seemed to be something secretly budding in his heart. His body even had a subtle rising impulse.
When he became aware of his body’s response, Lin Yuan's ears redden little, and he tried to find a bathroom to wash his face with some cold water. But when he stood up, he found something even more shocking-Hobby? Oh, my God! Where did Hobby go?!
Chapter 4: The journey of the jumping chicken dog
Lin Yuan remembered holding Hobby to take a nap. He fell asleep for no longer than a minute then Hobby was gone, that little guy, where has he run off to?
Lin Yuan hurriedly looked around. Oman planet, after all, is the main star of Cigar galaxy, the space station is almost five times larger than his home planet Rennes' small space station. Just the passenger rest area alone is divided into eight regions, and each region is divided into smaller sections. There's a large constant flow of people in the space station, finding a lost puppy is easier said than done!
Lin Yuan walked from A District to H District, hoping to see a shadow of the missing Hobby in the vast sea of ​​people. All he found were domesticated pets at least four or five times larger than Hobby, not only large canine animals, there were wolves, tigers and even a big bear, the owner of which had a specific control rope held tightly in his hand.
While human evolution was progressing towards the separation of physiological sex into ABO, many animals were also producing variation, some ancient earth era mammals gradually became more docile, and were able to become friends and pets for humanity. Of course, some of the alien mammals in the outer galaxies became more ferocious and cruel after evolution, some even treat humans as food.
Hobby was only a small foolish dog running around in the space station, if he encountered his natural enemies, wouldn't he get really hurt?
Lin Yuan anxiously spun round and round. In desperation, he went to the space station help center to register Hobby’s appearance and characteristics in detail, and left its photos and his contact information. He could only hope that some good person could pick it up and send it there.
After registering the information, he returned to the C District, but what he found made him not know whether to laugh or cry- Little Hobby was sitting in the position where Lin Yuan previously sat, a pair of hairy claws clutching tightly to the handle of the trunk, very neatly helping to guard his owner's luggage. Its pair of bright eyes were watery like it was about to cry, as if his owner had abandoned him.
Lin Yuan: “… …”
When Lin Yuan approached the seat, the dog looked at him a moment, then immediately started wagging his tail, rushed over and bit Lin Yuan’s trousers, whining and crying.
Lin Yuan really wanted to give it a smack!
But one look at its grieving expression made him lose the heart to beat it.
He called the help center to cancel the search for the missing pet, turned back to his seat, picked up Hobby and gently touched it.
The little guy had just walked a little away, but he was too nervous and actually searched the entire rest area.
A passing little girl seemed to like the look of Hobby, couldn't help but approach and touch his head, curiously said: “Brother, is this your pet? What its name?
Lin Yuan said with a smile: “This is Hobby.”
The girl’s mother came over and whispered: “Sorry, my daughter is not very sensible. Honey, Gera hate it when people touch their heads. I hope you do not mind.” She said, then touched Hobby's ear, who was happy to rub her hand.
The woman smiled slightly and turned away with her daughter.
The little girl asked curiously: “Mom that was a Gera? How cute, I want one too!”
The woman said, “Well, Gera are a very expensive pet, just wanting one doesn't necessarily mean you can get one. Plus, their IQ can be compared to human beings, they can understand a lot of languages. I'll take you to the animal protection base to see one if you like. In the future when you see someone else's pet don't touch it without permission okay?
The girl was somewhat at a lost: “Oh, okay …..”
Lin Yuan was listening to their talk as it gradually faded away, finally he gave Hobby a complex look.
Hobby raised his chin and looked at Lin Yuan as if to say …
Stupid master, do you finally realize that I'm not a puppy?
Lin Yuan carefully looked at Hobby- two pure white paws, a pair of wide, long ears, it really looks like a lovely puppy. Lin Yuan starred at it, after a long while he asked: “Are you really some legendary species that can understand many biological languages …. a Gera?
Hobby silently turned his head, it seemed to be ignoring him.
“Little guy, can you understand me?” Lin Yuan excitedly twisted Hobby's head back, touched its ears, looked into its eyes and said, “If you can understand nod your head or else I'll drop you."
Hobby immediately nodded obediently.
“Do you hate it when people touch your head?” Lin Yuan asked curiosity, deliberately touching its soft head.
Hobby barked tearfully.
Lin Yuan laughed: “No wonder! My sister rubbed your head all day long, also twisted your hair into braids, it must've been very painful so you hid in my suitcase so you could go to school with me, right?”
Hobby immediately nodded its head, then rubbed up against Lin Yuan's palm.
Lin Yuan held it, suddenly feeling in a happy mood.
This high IQ pet is pretty good, while I was anxious to find it, it cleverly stayed in place to guard my luggage.
Two years ago, Lin Yuan picked up the little guy in front of the space station, it was shrunk into the snow, almost blending in. Lin Yuan who was passing by in the snow found it, afraid it would die of frostbite he took it home with him. He thought it was just an ordinary puppy, he did not expect it actually was a Gera: a highly evolved species from the Ophiuchus galaxy.
This creature was discovered five hundred years ago.
At that time the human species was only under the Lacey Empire, the humans traveled to Barnard planet in the Ophiuchus galaxy, there they accidentally discovered this small, cute looking species. It was shocking that this creature was able to understand the language of a large number of cosmic creatures – and that they were very friendly toward mankind.
Humans officially named this creature Gera, brought it back and studied it carefully. The first successfully developed batch of intelligent armor had partly taken inspiration from the advanced biological brain structure of the Gera.
However, since the establishment of the Strandian Federation regime, and the Federation and Lacey Empire officially entered into war, because the Ophiuchus galaxies were occupied by the Strandian Federation, the Ophiuchus galaxy’s highly intelligent Gera became less and less common in the Lacey Empire.
His Majesty, the Emperor of the Empire had really liked this clever pet. On one of the administrative stars of the Empire, located in the Cepheid galaxy, there is a scientific research institution dedicated to cultivating Gera. This rare pet was not often seen by regular civilians, so Lin Yuan had thought it was just an ordinary dog.
I don't know how awesome the past owner had to be to actually lose such a valuable pet in a space station…..
The thought of this made Lin Yuan worry, looking back at Hobby he asked: “Hobby, your previous master? Who was it? Do you want me to put your information in the Empire's Pet Networking center to find them?"
Hobby immediately shrunk his body in fear, desperately shook his head, his pair of long ears shaking enough to almost fall off.
Lin Yuan could not help laughing, touched its ear and said: “Well, Okay! I won't help you find your owner, it seems that they weren't so good to you, so you can follow me!"
Hobby happily rubbed itself against his palm.
Lin Yuan heart softened, couldn't help but pick up Hobby, and intimately touched his forehead to its face.
He suddenly felt that it wouldn't be so bad to have the smart guy around. In case the military school does not allow students to bring pets, Hobby was not an ordinary dog, maybe he could find a way to muddle through?
– Then if that fails…
They could only reluctantly part, hoping to find a good person to temporarily foster it.
***
At seven o’clock in the morning, the Pearl No. 731 interstellar passenger starship arrived at the Oman planet space station. Lin Yuan passed through the inspection, boarded a small airship to transport to the Pearl's boarding passengers compartment.
The size of the interstellar spacecraft is quite large, with a total of 20 passenger compartments, each compartment can accommodate nearly a thousand people, and the total carrying capacity was more than twenty thousand. The route was from the Cigar galaxy to the Milky Way Galaxy, then to the Big Bear Galaxy, stopping temporarily at ten different human inhabited stars.
Because it has to cross three large galaxies, there will be many space jumps and cosmic wormhole shuttles along the way, a full 13* days' worth of travel.
Lin Yuan found their cabin by following the writing on the magnetic boarding pass.
The small cabin in the spacecraft generally seats four, with four comfortable beds and four corresponding safety chairs. Usually people can lie in bed and rest, but during the space jumps, wormhole shuttles, takeoff and landing, you must sit in the safety chair as a security measure.
Lin Yuan walked into the cabin and saw a juvenile storing his luggage.
The juvenile was around his age, with naturally curly supple platinum blond hair, white skin, ruddy red lips, long and thick eyelashes which cast a faint shadow on his cheeks. Such facial features made him look particularly handsome and gentle, but his face had a very indifferent expression.
The other two beds were empty, since Oman planet was the starting point, obviously the two other seats had not been booked yet and could pick up passengers in other galaxies.
After tidying up his luggage, the cabin was quiet for a while, till Lin Yuan took the initiative to greet each other: “Hello, I'm Lin Yuan.
The teenager looked back at him, faintly replied: “Snow.”
Lin Yuan silently looked at him, quizzically asked: “Snow as in…Snow?
Snow nodded his head.
“Cool, that's a nice name!” It was an appropriate match for his cold and cheerless appearance.
Lin Yuan turned and sat down on the bed, graciously smiled at him and said: “I'm going to Bear Galaxy's Broken Military star to study, you?
Snow: “Me too.”
Lin Yuan was instantly happier: “You're also going to study there? I'm going to San Romia Military Academy, you?
Snow replied: “I am also.”
Lin Yuan was very excited, “What a coincidences ah! I didn't expect to meet an alumni! I'm a freshman, I'm starting this year!
Snow: “I am also.”
Lin Yuan: “… …”
Ok, I don't have to ask, you're also an ordinary Beta and live in Cigar galaxy.
– How odd, such a good-looking guy but he had obvious resistance to strangers.
Lin Yuan felt that his attitude was friendly enough, but this guy always looked stiff, as if he was not a Beta human, but a beast that could attack at any second.
You're not an Omega, I'm not an Alpha … … do you need to be so afraid of me?
Lin Yuan scratched his head and felt very confused.
Since Snow took out a small light computer and started watching a movie, Lin Yuan had to stop bothering him, instead, he teased little Hobby who was burrowed in his bosom.
Hobby who was probably sleepy, lying in Lin Yuan arms, let out a quiet yawn.
After an indeterminable amount of time, the cabin's photoelectric screen suddenly lit up. On it was a man who looked mild-tempered, he touched his long beard, smiled and said: “Dear travelers, I am Gill, captain of the Pearl No. 731 interstellar passenger spacecraft, the time is cosmic calendar year 799, January 5th, 11 am. Our spacecraft will soon take off, please sit down in the safety chair as soon as possible, passengers please also take care of your pets!”
Lin Yu quickly sat down in the safety chair, little Hobby tightly held in his arms. Soon, after the captain’s head on the screen disappeared, he felt a violent shock- apparently the Pearl spacecraft was taking off.
The shaking lasted for more than 10 minutes before the spacecraft finally stabilized.
The cabin's portholes tentatively opened fully, through the portholes the outside universe landscape could be seen.
Oman Planet – the planet that looked like a pure white snowball, was gradually turning into a small spot, slowly disappearing. The entire Cigar galaxy is like a white nebula cotton thread, rapidly retreating. The vast universe of twinkling stars, some distant unknown constellation was experiencing a meteor shower, becoming a piece of a silver thread, dotted with a brilliant cosmic canopy.
Lin Yuan could not help but exclaim: “So beautiful!"
Lin Yuan, who has never been out of his galaxy, accepts everything with curiosity. The young boy called Snow sitting opposite Lin Yuan, his face still very cold, slightly frowned when he heard him speak.
A moment later, the captain’s face appeared again on the screen. “Passengers, I’m glad to tell you that our spacecraft has left the Cigar galaxy and has successfully entered the cosmic waterway,” said Captain Gill, smiling, “We will arrive at Milky Way galaxy's Pluto at 8 pm tomorrow.”
“In the course of this voyage through the universe, wherever you need help, please do not hesitate to press the corresponding button by your bedside. Our intelligent robots will be responsible for your service! I hope you have a pleasant journey!"
The captain’s voice faded, then a messy gray ripple suddenly emerged on the photoelectric screen.
After a while, the screen's signal finally stabilized but there was a strange man’s face on the screen.
The man had long platinum blond hair, a very handsome neutral appearance, and a pure white uniform that set off his tall and slender stature. He bowed to the passengers politely, smiled and said: “Dear people of the Lacey Empire, I am very pleased to meet you … oh, of course, you should not be glad to see me."
The man paused, the curvature of his lips rose gently, then he said with regret: “Because I am Admiral Vladimir of the Strandian Federation. Seeing me at this moment, means that you have been hijacked.”
Lin Yuan: “………………”
====================================
Chapter 5: Hijacked Spacecraft
Following the end of the man’s sentence, the entire spacecraft suddenly plunged into a riot! Many small cabin doors flung open, as people panicked out of their cabins, and packed into the spacecraft’s public hall, nervously looking around and whispering. Lin Yuan's face also changed, he immediately held on to the fearfully shaking Hobby and went out into the main hall.
The spacecraft's hall was a mess and the passengers’ faces were filled with unrest.
The public hall had a large projection screen, the handsome looking young officer's smiling face was enlarged, at the moment to the eyes of everyone, he looked like the most terrible demon from the depths of hell!
Watching the man's gentle smile, Lin Yuan’s heart could not help fill with cold aversion.
– Vladimir!
– This pervert!
In order to apply for San Romia military academy, Lin Yuan could recite the entire empire's modern history from the heart.
In the hundreds of years of history of war between the Empire and Federation, there have been many well-known generals, Vladimir is the number one most hated enemy of the imperial armies!
As the youngest military strategist of the Strandian Federation, the one who the President of the Federation calls “My Devil General”, he is the best at these kinds of surprise attacks. His Legion of Wolves attack ability and perverted guerrilla warfare have caused heavy blows to the Imperial Corps again and again!
In history, he has only miscalculated once.
That was nineteen years ago, the great battle in which the general Ling Yu led the Imperial Night Corps to attack Nami star.
That year, following news from a mysterious source, Vladimir advanced with a full three legions of forces to the Issyville galaxy in order to surround and ambush the Night Corps, to annihilate them in one fell swoop… Fortunately, the ever cautious General Ling Yu arranged a stealth reconnaissance ship 10 light years outside of the star's domain, discovered his intention in time, and lead the Night Corps out of harm's way in a successful evacuation!
Vladimir, with a full three legions of troops stayed for a whole day, not to mention the annihilation of the Night Corps, not a hair of theirs was touched! Instead, Imperial reinforcements arrived to give them a surprise and disgraced them!
Lin Yuan watched the arrogant man smile through the big screen- he really wanted to drill into the screen and give him a punch!
This bastard! He actually took advantage of the defense loopholes near Cigar galaxy and hijacked the Empire's interstellar passenger spacecraft … … This despicable action is something only he can do!
Vladimir shrugged his shoulders, smiled and said, “You do not have to panic. I just want to talk to your Emperor about a few small conditions. I hope that His Majesty will see eye to eye or else I cannot guarantee your safety. ”
A white gloved hand gently waved, the entire spacecraft suddenly fell into darkness, under a strong electromagnetic interference, the spacecraft’s communications and power had been completely cut off!
Through the front porthole of the Pearl spacecraft, several clearly visible thin silver warships remained peacefully floating, all printed with clear wolf totems- A sign of the Wolf Legion. As long as Vladimir commands it, those warships would quickly breach the military defense network and reduce the vulnerable passenger spacecraft to debris!
The hall plunged into a brief silence, and then a variety of messy noises sounded.
There were curses at Vladimir, there were cries out of fear, there were some loved ones whispering trembling sounds of comfort.
Lin Yuan, face ugly, turned back into the cabin.
Standing by the side of the window to the outside stars, Snow’s face had become very pale, the gentle looking boy was tightly frowning, his cold face almost covered by a layer of ice!
…They've actually become hostages!
An entire passenger spacecraft, filled with thousands of Lacey Empire's innocent people, actually became the Federation General Vladimir's hostages!
Lin Yuan’s heart could not help but fill with a strong anger!
The man who was hated by thousands of people in the Empire, was in a place where his eyes could see, arrogantly prancing around in a sliver-white wolf command ship!
And he was powerless, only able to anxiously wait, like a lamb waiting for the imperial army to rescue him. He is only a not capable of resistance military school student, in this case he can only do nothing!
Lin Yuan tightly clenched his fist, his heart suddenly began to beat violently as he looked at the smiling man on the screen. His mind rose an inexplicably strong desire to defeat him! To kill him!
If at the moment he was the general of his own army, he'd use any means to kill the bastard!
Some kind of extreme hatred that seems to be inherited from blood, caused Lin Yuan to suddenly lose control for a moment.
Snow looked surprised at Lin Yuan, the sunny bright smiling juvenile, at the moment, was like erected barbs, claws out like a small tiger, eyes wide open staring at the front of the screen, as if he was ready to rush in and attack.
… This guy is a bit too excited.
This screen was just a realistic projection, wanting to kill the man in the screen was simply impossible.
The spacecraft’s communication line had obviously been forcibly interfered with, they simply cannot send any help signals to the empire. Vladimir may be currently negotiating with His Majesty, the outcome of the negotiations related to the survival of the tens of thousands of people on the spacecraft.
They waited for a long time, losing track of time to the point where time seemed to become static, every second had become increasingly long.
For many people on the spacecraft, this is their first time so close to the face of death, the initial loud curses and cries of fear, as time went on, gradually subsided down.
Lin Yuan finally restored his reason, frustrated, he sat back on the bed, stroking the trembling Hobby over and over again.
After a moment of quiet, Lin Yuan suddenly looked to Snow, smiled and said: “Cough, Snow, we should chat about something. In case the Pearl becomes cannon fodder, and we die, it seems a bit self-fulling to be as quiet as the dead."
…… Yes, so silently waiting, maybe the general's threat really will come true and they'll die here. If that's the case, before dying it's better to make a friend, wouldn't that make being buried in the universe slightly better?
But … there are so many things waiting for him to do…
Snow tightly clenched his fist, took a deep breath to adjust his mood, and looked at the pair of big black eyes belonging to the juvenile, softly said: “What do you want to talk about?
Lin Yuan scratched his head and said, “Which section did you apply for in San Romia?"
“The Medical section."
“Oh, you have a gentle look to you… it's suitable for being a doctor.”
“My father is a doctor,” Snow said.
Lin Yuan was silent for a second, somewhat lost in his mind: “My father …… I don't know who he is, I've never seen him. My mother said that when I was born he died on the battlefield. There are no photos at home, I don't even know what he looked like."
Snow looked at the lost look on the face of the lively young boy, his heart softened, he could not help but softly comfort him, “Don't be sad."
Lin Yuan scratched his head, at a loss for words.
Father……
For him, it was a very unfamiliar word. Since he could remember, his family only had a mother and a sister, those two people. Although his mother always told him that his dad died in a battle, Lin Yuan constantly felt it wasn't quite right. In his dream at the blue sea planet, that man always gently touched his head and called him son, the sound of his voice was very gentle.
“Son, you will be a normal, happy, Beta … …”
– Was it just a dream? Or real memories from his youth?
– Who was that man? What does being a Beta mean? Wasn't dad a Beta?
Lin Yuan felt a little cranky, he still couldn't understand.
Snow suddenly said: “It’s been an hour.”
Lin Yuan recovered, looked at the time: “Ah, I don't know what that pervert is talking to His Majesty about for so long…”
Regardless of the content of the negotiations, this provocative hostage situation will cause His Majesty to not directly agree so easily. From Lin Yuan’s perspective, His Majesty would think of ways to hold Vladimir, and then send a nearby Imperial Army for emergency rescue.
However, the Cigar galaxy is the most desolate galaxy, only the legions responsible for overseeing the mining of minerals are close enough, and those corps' combat capabilities are not on the level of Vladimir's Wolf Legion, a rescue mission would be equal to a suicide mission.
Vladimir would not have the patience to wait while other large forces arrive, if he gets impatient, directly destroying the Pearl was very likely….. Seeing the time drag on longer and longer, with no movement from the Empire, Lin Yuan cannot help but become anxious: What's going on in the Empire? Is it alright to sit so still?
– Suddenly, a dazzling light flashed in the window!
The Wolf Legion's left rear position unexpectedly showed some signs of space tearing!
With a wave of powerful fluctuations, enough force to shake the entire universe, three pure black micro-warships suddenly appeared at the rear of the Wolf Legion, unhesitatingly directly opened fire!
Boom boom!!
Three light bombs shot out at the same time, a dazzling tail of photoelasticity exceeding the speed of light, shot across the dark sky, and directly destroyed the Wolf army's left wing warships!
–boom!
A barrage of explosions, three small warships of the Wolf Legion exploded, large tracts of fireballs soaring up into the sky, in the silence of the universe, bursts of lights like bright and dazzling fireworks suddenly appeared!
With the explosion as a welcoming gift, thousands of pure black warships neatly arrived from the torn universe wormhole, surrounding the Wolf Legion in the fastest speed.
Pure black warships suspended in the universe, almost blending in to the vast universe, only the red lights dotting the warships can be seen, like predators staring at prey in the darkness!
A black warship, like a cool hunter, slowly approaches the Wolf Legion!
In the center of numerous red lights, a huge pure black galactic army warship calmly steadied in place. The appearance of the mother ship in the distribution of dark red lights, in that moment, almost overshadowed all the starlight in the universe!
– The Glory Corps!
– The Empire's Glory Legion!
– The undefeated Rosen Marshal's personal Glory Corps!
The spacecraft almost simultaneously erupted into cheers!
“Oh my God, it's Marshal Rosen!”
“Marshal Rosen! He came to the rescue! We have hope … no, we're definitely saved!”
“Marshal Rosen … it's really him! He really came …”
Some passenger excitedly cried out, clutching the cross on his neck, and whispered Rosen's name over and over again.
Rosen Bessemer.
The youngest army commander in the history of the empire.
A 573th San Romia Military Academy, Military Command Department graduate with excellent grades in all courses. He rose to Colonel in three years, within six years became supreme General, then fifteen years later, he took over as Marshal from the hands of the former. The most powerful commander in the entire armed forces!
As long as he was here, he would never give up an inch of the empire's territory, or any of the empire's people!
If it's said that General Vladimir is the military genius of the Strandian federation, then Marshal Rosen is the proud Lacey Empire's undefeated God of War!
Chapter 6: The Undefeated God of War
“… It's Marshal Rosen!”
When Lin Yuan saw the warship come to rescue, he immediately excitedly jumped up from the bed, “Snow, fast look! It's the Glory regiment! The Empire's Glory Corps! Marshal Rosen has always been my most admired idol! He's actually here! “
Seeing Lin Yuan's excited, bright-eyed look, Snow couldn't help but turn to look out the window, the black warship's sparkling sun sign, it really is the unique symbol of the Empire's Glory Corps.
Snow's pale face slightly eased a bit, he gently unclasped his tightly held fists and whispered: “Sure enough, it's him!"
The appearance of the Legion of Glory meant that the stalemate situation almost instantaneously changed!
Troops jumped out from the universe wormhole, as soon as they arrived they directly bombarded the three warships of the Wolf Army. Such a grand meeting ceremony, Vladimir couldn't help but slightly narrow his eyes.
The Wolf Army's communication device in the command cabin suddenly issued a mechanized tone: “General, the front has received a communication request from an unknown source, the password is RAWSON, with a request to connect to the conductor for a video call, do you agree?"
Vladimir's lips slightly rose, “Agreed, turn it on.
– RAWSON, Rosen Bessemer, it really is that annoying guy!
The video call connected the command cabins of the two corps, simultaneously, the two corps appeared on each other's holographic projection screen. They saw each other's close to realistic and delicate faces.
Rosen’s appearance is undoubtedly handsome, unlike Vladimir who had soft facial lines, Rosen’s face was a clear angle, facial features as if carved be a knife, the righteousness of the military reflected vividly in his body's posture!
A pure black dress uniform, a glittering gold Venus symbol on the shoulder, representing his noble identity in Lacey Empire's military that no one can replace!
He still looked young, although he has been on the battlefield for many years, a calm expression like a frozen winter lake, a cold without temperature appearance, he was looking ahead, and giving off a feeling cold enough to freeze. Vladimir looked at the familiar face, couldn't help but smile a bit, calmly said: “Oh…my dear Rosen, we met again … … although, the last person I wanted to see was you."
Rosen faintly replied: “We're in sync.”
The two men looked at each other for a moment, Rosen finally said: “Vladimir, please take your Wolf Army and immediately retreat, I don't want a war with you here!"
Vladimir smiled and said: “But the Pearl is in my control, I can blow it to pieces any time I want?”
Rosen said coldly: “I can blow you to pieces anytime I want!”
Vladimir helplessly shrugged: “This really is a difficult situation for me.”
Rosen looked at him again, calmly said: “I have sent people to the Issyville cosmic wormhole exit on standby, your reinforcements simply cannot get here, you only have one choice- retreat!"
Vladimir was silenced, no wonder updates from the back-up force suddenly stooped, the reason was because Rosen sent troops to the wormhole exit, but … … that exit was a closely guarded secret, how did he know?
Their strengths are not that far from each other, if there's a direct war that is, but to also make sure that the passenger spacecraft doesn't escape…. Vladimir quickly calmed down, then he simply raised his hand toward his deputy commander and made a retreat gesture.
The Wolf Army received the retreat command, the scattered formation quickly assembled, then, with the fastest speed, gathered to the opposite direction for withdrawal, decisively leaving like a white whirlwind!
“Rosen, we haven't seen each other for more than a decade, right?”
In the command cabin, Vladimir still looked leisurely toward Rosen, smiled and said, “That battle nineteen years ago was really unforgettable. That wise Ling Yu generals, it's so difficult to imagine, was actually an Omega … …"
“As his old enemy, please leave a quick hello from me to his tombstone."
Vladimir gave a gentleman's bow to Rosen, smiled and cut off the call. The moment the call ended, Rosen's previously calm face immediately distorted in pain.
Ah……
Vladimir smiled happily.
Undefeated God.
Unfortunately, the so-called invincible God of War, since nineteen years ago, had a weakness.
A weak man is actually very pitiful, one day, his Achilles heel will be his death!
Vladimir looked at the direction of the Glory Corps, his smiling eyes suddenly flashed a trace of a cold, sharp light.
****
With the end of the call, from outside of the porthole, the entire Wolf Army could be seen disappearing into space, like being sucked into a huge whirlpool. It is clear that they had directly carried out a space jump, the retreat was decisively clean, leaving without a trace.
An adjutant suddenly whispered: “Marshal … … should we pursue?"
“…No.”
Rosen just waved, took a deep breath to stable his mood, and then whispered a command toward the communicator port: “Help me connect to the Pearl No. 731 spacecraft."
“Marshal!” The shaped like a pale golden sun intelligent communication device began to quickly rotate, a moment later, a pleasant voice issued, “Report Marshal, communication connection was successful!"
– In the Pearl No. 731 spacecraft, in all the small cabins, public halls, and even in the bathrooms and the restaurants a handsome calm and silent face appeared on the video screens.
The man was calm and composed, as if he had no concerns on his chest, as if the whole universe was in his control!
The man's eyes stared quietly into the screen, then he whispered: “Ladies and gentlemen, I am Rosen."
“Marshal Rosen!”
“God! Marshal!”
“The Strandian bastards finally left!”
“Marshal Rosen, I knew we would be saved!”
The hour of waiting for a possible death sentence finally ended, as if they were students at a football game, the entire spacecraft erupted in crazy cheers, some relatives and friends even hugged each other and wept with joy!
Rosen’s expression was still calm, there was no trace of waves, he slightly nodded towards the Empire's people and said: “Please rest assured. I will send the troops from the Glory Corps to escort you until you reach your destination. Today, Vladimir took advantage of a loophole and intercepted this interstellar passenger spacecraft. This happened because of a dereliction of the Imperial Army's duties- I promise that this kind of thing will never happen again!"The sound of the man’s low-pitched voice is clearly heard around the spacecraft, it was a resounding voice and every word was convincing.
The stone in the hearts of the passengers finally fell, their uneasiness finally dispersed, their faces even exposed relieved smiles- Marshal Rosen's troops will escort us, there will be no more problems for sure!
Rosen paused, continued, “The spacecraft's electromagnetic wave interference has been cleared and can now sail normally. I will return control to Captain Gill."
Gill who was called by name clamored with excitement, he gave a standard salute to Rosen: “Yes! Marshal!”
The screens gently flickered, and the man’s image finally disappeared completely. The people on the spacecraft were still immersed in excitement from meeting Rosen Marshal!
Marshal Rosen looked really young.
What the passengers did not know was that the calm and composed nature of the man was born from years of countless battles, and for him, the past nineteen years felt like a lifetime.
Nineteen years…
Ling Yu
The thought of his name made his heart feel like it was forcefully grabbed and squeezed, the pain almost made his spasm!
****
Nineteen years ago, the outer rim of Issyville Galaxy.
A regiment of large command ships and hundreds of small warships were quietly approaching the direction of Issyville galaxy. The dark blue warships were printed with silver-white crescent shaped markings, which in the Lacey Empire was the symbol of the most powerful corps- the Night Corps.
In the command cabin, a handsome young officer was sitting stiffly in the command chair, his dark blue uniform, a symbol of the Night Corp's, was torn apart by slender fingers, his undershirt was sweat soaked, exposing a white chest that was slightly red from growing lust.
“Ah……”
In the depths of his heart, a beast driven by lust was clawing out of its cage, releasing waves of desire through every pore of his body. His skin was tight with anticipation of being touched, his body felt empty to the extreme, he wanted to be hugged, be occupied, be mercilessly entered into … … this crazy desire almost made him collapse!
Damn! Why does the inhibitor have to fail at this time?
Ling Yu forced himself to endure the trembling, he shoved his fist into his mouth in a vain attempt to block all sound from coming out.
“Generals reporting, this is the A31 reconnaissance ship, the Strandian federal enemy are 9.9 light years away from our army, the number of enemy troops is equal to three regiments! Please give us instructions!"
Ling Yu's fingers stiffly open the dedicated command call channel, his voice slight trembling: “All the warship prepare….for retreat….within three minutes!"
After he issued the shaky instructions, the man’s body finally lost all ability to support itself and slipped onto the cold ground.
Forcefully biting his fist, his teeth cut into the flesh of his hands, the flowing blood and the sharp pain finally brought back a trace of reason. He took a deep breath, then opened the necklace worn around his neck, whispered: “Suzaku ……”
From the space hub, the intelligent armor Suzaku immediately scanned the physical condition of Ling Yu again, softly said: “Master, your body's Omega pheromone has reached the peak, the inhibitor has failed, and you must now … …”
“… Don't say it.” Ling Yu frowned, “Immediately change the sailing route, let the Night Corps go directly to the Issyville cosmic wormhole, and call in Adjutant Knox.”
Suzaku was silent for a moment, hung his head and said, “Yes, master."
After a moment, a puzzled Adjutant Knox opened the cabin to see such a messy picture - The man was lying on the ground, the original neat and majestic uniforms was torn open, revealing a white chest. The man was fiercely biting his fist, his eyes were red, and his chest was moving up and down with heavy breaths.
Knox’s face suddenly stiffened.
The entire command capsule was filled with a rich, sweet, atmosphere that regularly drived people crazy. It was the atmosphere of an Omega - an Omega's physiological unique flavor!
“General, you …”
“Knox, I don't have time to explain to you …” Ling Yu interrupted his question, whispered, “Listen, we are likely to suffer an ambush from the federal enemy, you must immediately contact Admiral Rosen in headquarters, ask for support … I now give you command over the Night Corps. Lead our brothers towards escape, do not let me down."
Ling Yu's slightly trembling voice revealed a touch of attractive huskiness, but Knox is a Beta and cannot be affected by Omega pheromones, in an emergency he can keep his military trained reason.
When Knox heard Ling Yu's commands, he immediately respectfully replied: “Yes! General!”
There were many Alpha gathering outside the command cabin after smelling an Omega's unique pheromone. Knox quickly turned and locked the command cabin, then, with the fastest speed, he connected to the Empire's online headquarters.
“… General, this is the vanguard of the Night Corps! Our army located outside the Issyville galaxy suffered an ambush from the Strandian enemy! We send an urgent request to headquarters for support!"
Rosen frowned: “Ling Yu?”
“…” Knox couldn't react, he had no choice but to transfer the video communicator's lens to the inside of the command cabin.
In a corner shrunk into a ball, Ling Yu's constantly trembling figure was projected to Rosen on the holographic projection screen. The man’s lower lip was bitten by a row of bright teeth, the edge of his lips were soaked with clear blood, his white skin was infected with a layer of flush, his black hair was soaked in sweat.
Rosen’s heartbeat stagnated!
… This is … … Omega … … estrus?
The man who was with him for years in San Romia Military Academy, who stayed in the same dormitory with him, his close friend, and the man he secretly had a crush on … … was actually……
That moment of shock almost made Rosen lose his mind!
Rosen forced himself to return his thoughts, immediately frowned and ordered: “Knox, listen! I will send the Glory Corps to intercept the Strandian enemy from the rear to give you more time! You must replace Ling Yu and command the entire vanguard, guide all warships into the cosmic wormhole immediately and land on the nearest planet in Cigar galaxy, Rennes!"
Knox respectfully gave a standard military salute: “Yes! General!”
“And,” Rosen looked deeply at the man curled up in the corner, trembling with the onset of estrus, calmly said, “Knock him out."
“…” Knox froze in place.
Rosen snapped: “This a military order! Stun him!"
“Yes! General!”
Rosen still remembered when he led the Glory Corps to confront Vladimir, then quickly traveled to planet Rennes with three consecutive space jumps. The scene when he arrived at the military command headquarters of Rennes was unforgettable.
Because an Omega's pheromone in estrus was too strong, Ling Yu was afraid his pheromone spreading throughout the command center would lead the Alpha to irrationality, so as soon as he woke up he'd ordered Knox to put himself into the interrogation cells for the military's top- criminals!
This top-secret cell was almost completely sealed, only a small vent to provide oxygen was present, even if the smell of the pheromone was strong, it would never spread to the outside world.
In the dark closed cell, nothing could be seen, no sound could be heard, no smell could come in … …in the frightening silence, the passage of time could not be felt, the mental torture could made people easily collapse. Destroying a human's psychological defense then interrogating them can achieve unexpected results!
– Ling Yu actually put himself into the military's secret criminal interrogation cell?!
Rosen looked at the cell monitor. The man had trapped himself into a corner, he apparently had reached the brink of collapse.
He was like a mad beast, forcefully tearing off his clothes, his dark blue uniform had been torn into rags-his shirt messily torn, his military issued trousers hanging off his body, his slender legs partly exposed. The half-naked man was using his fingers to crazily scratch himself, his once white skin was being stained with glaring blood!
“No, you cannot leave him alone!”
Rosen finally couldn't take anymore, he started towards the cell.
Knox hastened to keep up with him, “General! General Ling Yu told me not to let any Alpha near him! He said he could hold on, I beg you to follow his wishes!”
Knox’s eyes were very firm, this was the last command before the General put himself into prison!
Unlike Knox, who was not influenced by pheromones, Rosen was a pureblooded Alpha. Once he went into the cell, he would definitely be affected by Ling Yu's Omega essence! This is the nature between Alphas and Omegas, the powerful attraction is impossible to control!
The serious-faced Knox stubbornly stood in front of Rosen.
Rosen stopped, calmly looked at Knox, whispered: “If an Omega is allowed to face estrus alone, he will go crazy enough to hurt himself, estrus lasts a minimum of three days, do you think he can hold on for that long?"
“…”
“After three days, you will not see Ling Yu Generals, but a completely broken madman!”
Knox froze a moment, apprehensively said: “But, but the general told me to stop anyone from entering, including, including you … …”
“Major Knox, I am Ling Yu's superior, I have the right to change his orders! Now, I order you to let me into the cell, I will take responsibility for all consequences,” snapped Rosen.
“… Yes, General!”
In the darkness of the military underground prison, the cell door was slowly opened.
Rosen walked into the cell and immediately closed the door behind him.
Ling Yu who was shrunk into the corner, smelled the strong scent of an Alpha, alertly erected his ears, tightly folded his fist and stiffly asked: “Who's there?”
Rosen took a step forward, gently held onto Ling Yu's bloody palm, whispered: “It's me.
The lights hanging on the wall suddenly lit up, the warm yellow light illuminated the entire cell, and a handsome face gradually became clearer in the new light.
Ling Yu froze a moment, “… … Rosen?”
The strong atmosphere of an Alpha quickly surrounded him, the warm feeling made people feel like indulging. The smell of the man's body caused Ling Yu to instinctively want to get closer……
Ling Yu's body suddenly stiffed, he stretched out his hand to push Rosen away. However an Omega's nature is to desire an Alpha, while the man was holding his wrist, Ling Yu almost instantly lost the ability to resist!
“… … Rosen … … you should not be here … …” Ling Yu's trembling voice revealed a trace of deep uneasiness, “You, you should quickly leave … … do not, don't care about me … …”
“How can I ignore you?” Rosen whispered, gently touching Ling Yu's sweat soaked black hair, “Estrus is natural for an Omega, strongly resisting it will only drive you crazy. You won't survive intact."
Watching the violently trembling Ling Yu, smelling his strong Omega pheromone, the always strongly self-controlled Rosen could no longer control his physical and psychological desire for the man in front of him.
Rosen breathlessly unbuttoned his uniform, revealing a large slice of a honey-colored vigorous chest.
Ling Yu placed his hand on the man’s chest to push him away, but the touch of the other’s warm chest, and his body's deep clamor for desire, made Ling Yu no longer have to heart to push him away, instead he slightly looked forward to his touch. The other's close proximity caused a thrill to run down his spine, he moved his hand to tightly clutch at Rosen's collar.
The two stalled for a moment, Rosen finally stretched out his powerful arms, gently picked up the shivering man, and said in a low calm voice, even showing a rare trace of gentleness –
“I’ll help you, Ling Yu.”
Chapter 7: Nineteen years ago in the top secret cell
Ling Yu shrunk into Rosen's arms violently trembling, his warm breath spread on his neck like a powerful aphrodisiac.
I want to embrace him, occupy him, completely mark him, fully occupy his thoughts!
The natural strong possessiveness of an Alpha, plus ten years' worth of a strong crush, when they finally had a chance to vent, the walls of reason came crashing down.
Rosen's deep eyes suddenly filled with frantic flames.
He quickly tore of their clothes, sat down with his back to the wall and sat Ling Yu on his body. Rosen did not hesitate to cover his mouth with a kiss.
"Ah…."
Ling Yu's bloody bitten lips swelled slightly, the smell of the sweet blood made Rosen more excited.
Holding him, feeling his slightly trembling figure, his heart suddenly filled with an intense satisfaction. Rosen's kiss became more feverish!
He kissed Ling Yu's neck all the way down, inch by inch licking the drying bloodstains. Ling Yu's blood seemed to have a kind of addictive taste, Rosen felt distressed just thinking about Ling Yu torturing and beating his own body.
Ling Yu trembled and gripped Rosen's shoulder.
Having his body kissed frantically, his bloodstains being gently licked, this feeling was slightly disturbing-like his whole body was about to be consumed.
However, the psychological uneasiness and resistance, was soon replaced by instinctive physical desire.
Every inch of his skin had become sensitive, under Rosen's intense licking and kissing, a strong pleasure had crawled along his nerves, like a current traveling all over his body. It entered his mind and quickly wiped out the last remnants of reason.
"Ah…ah…"
A broken moan escaped his lips.
He couldn't believe such a dull and seduction sound could come out of his mouth!
Since the sudden failure of the inhibitor in Issyville galaxy, to the retreat to Cigar galaxy, Ling Yu had been forced to endure the on slot of estrus for too long. When Rosen appeared, Ling Yu's psychological defenses finally collapsed, his body was purely driven by instinct!
The taste of his body, his heavy breathing, his crazy kisses….at that moment Ling Yu was like a man lost in a desert who finally found a clear oasis. He was eager to be kissed, be hugged, be occupied and fiercely forced into! He was eager to complete the perfect combination between Alphas and Omegas.
Ling Yu had long lost reason, eyes slightly red, his mouth loudly breathing. Sitting on Rosen's body, he stretched out his arms and tightly clung to the man's strong back….
Rosen suddenly stiffened - to finally get a welcoming response, he was about to lose his mind!
Ling Yu's legs separated and wrapped around Rosen's waist. Rosen did not hesitate to insert his fingers into that little hole- as if it was long awaiting the intrusion, his walls almost instantly wrapped around his fingers.
Because of the rise in temperature during estrus, the inside was warm enough to melt!
Rosen was afraid to injure him, so he patiently paid close attention to expansion, then he took out his fingers and quickly aimed his painfully aching member to the entrance and pushed in!
"Whaa?!"
Ling Yu let out a short scream, a tempting, seductive sound. The result of extreme pain mixed with the most intense pleasure. His hands forcefully clenched on Rosen's muscles, the strong pain brought back a trace of reason, but the more intense pleasure sucked him in.
“Ah … … Rosen … … ah … … ah … …”
The in-depth confrontation between body members gave Ling Yu the feeling of having his internal organs broken. His mouth issued constant moans, the strong pleasure made Ling Yu could not help but stretch out his neck, his mouth emitting big gasps for breath.
His neck was white and slender, in the warm yellow light it was almost beautiful enough to be a crime.
Rosen suddenly stretched his head towards Ling Yu's neck, leaving a bunch of ambiguous red marks on it, leaving hot kisses on his collarbone then travelling up towards his neck.
“…”
A strange sense of uneasiness let the Ling Yu could not help but curl up his body, at this time, Rosen’s teeth suddenly bit into the soft skin on his neck!
The bitten neck let out a trace of sweet blood. Rosen increase the force of the bite, his teeth directly biting in the blood vessels, until the skin was marked with a deep scar that could not be erased.
–Alpha mark!
When an Alpha punctures the blood vessels of an Omega's neck, combining their teeth, blood and body fluids- this was the ceremony for an Alpha to mark their Omega. Afterwards, the Omega’s body would be marked with the breath of the marker, so that other Alpha could tell that that was someone they could not get close too.
Rosen's crazy eyes float a touch of satisfaction, his fiercely pumping waist still did not pause. He clung to to Ling Yu, constantly kissing Ling Yu's bitten lips.
“… …” Ling Yu was speechless.
His body felt full, so it instinctively relaxed and clung to the man in front of him. Clamped onto Rosen's waist, Ling Yu took the initiative to kiss him.
Such a move immediately got a warm and enthusiastic response from Rosen.
“Ah … ahn … well …”
The constant in and out pumping, the mixed rapid breathing- in the closed cell the sounds were continually echoing up……
After an unknown amount of time, in a round of impact, the hard object buried in his body suddenly rose. When Ling Yu became aware of what was happening, he immediately open his shocked eyes.
“… No … … Rosen … … not inside … …”
In a brief restoration of sanity, Ling Yu suddenly began to restlessly struggle, however, an Alpha knot hooks itself deep into the body, it was impossible to escape!
The knot stuck in his body suddenly twitched, hot liquid poured straight into the deepest parts of his body! There was a secret passage that seemed to completely open, the sudden pleasure caused his toes to curl up!
“Rosen!” Ling Yu flushed in anger, he did not like this kind of "caught fish" situation.
“Don't be afraid, don't move around too much… …” Rosen kissed his face over and over again, stretched out his hand and gently stroked the mark on his neck. While he comforted him, he twisted his tightly controlled waist, and continued the lasting period of ejaculation.
That’s … an Alpha’s knot…
Ling Yu closed his eyes, his eyelashes began to tremble fiercely.
An Alpha’s knot has a chance to rise during climax, when stuck in an Omega's body, there will be a long period of continuous ejaculation, and hot sperm will fill the depths of the Omega's body, increasing the chances of conception.
– That's a full mark.
Biting the blood vessels in the neck was just a formal mark.
Ejaculating deep into the passage of their Omega's body, that was the complete mark.
When an Omega was completely marked by his Alpha, they would develop a strong sense of dependence on their Alpha, and the Alpha will also have a strong desire to protect their Omega.
They would be bound together – they belonged to each other, loyal to each other until death!
During the long ejaculation, the body would be completely filled with semen, the abdomen would even slightly drum up. That kind of hot filled feeling caused Ling Yu's body to continuously spasm.
Rosen clasped him tightly and kissed him over and over again. Eyelids, nose, lips, neck, collarbone … … light feather like kisses, like a declaration of possession, constantly printing on Ling Yu's body.
Until the ejaculation was completely over, Rosen withdrew from Ling Yu's body, a lot of liquid flowed out with his exit, slowly flowing out along his thigh, the whole cell was completely filled with this smell.
With the end of the Alpha's ejaculation, the Omega’s first round of estrus finally comes to an end. Ling Yu gradually restored some of his the sanity, his eyes flashed a trace of imperceptible anger.
“Rosen, how did you come here? Didn't I tell Knox to stop you?”
His voice was very calm, just as he had been on that day when he looked at him calmly and said “Hello, my name is Ling Yu. After today we're roommates, I hope that we can get along well for the next three years.”
The ordinary Beta boy from a poor galaxy, with such a serious tone, caused Rosen to feel a little mirthful, he'd looked at him lightly and said: “Oh, hello, I'm Rosen."
At the moment, that same man was wrapped in his arms, looking at himself, the after climax flush still lingering on his face, his mouth swollen from kisses, yet his pair of dark, bright eyes, were calm to the degree of unfeeling.
– This arrogant guy, after so many years, his temper has not change.
Rosen’s lips raised into a smile, his low voice had a deep indulgent taste: “Did you forget? I'm your boss, I can change your military orders at any time. This is your first estrus, it's impossible for you to survive it by will alone ……"
Rosen paused, leaned over to Ling Yu's ear, kissed his ear gently and whispered: “I will not let you hurt yourself.”
“… …” Ling Yu turned his head to ignore him.
This simple movement outlined his proud jaw line.
That defiant expression was more stimulating to Rosen, his heart rose a strong desire to possess. Rosen restrained his overwhelming impulse, whispered: "The first round of your estrus is over, but we still have three more days. We'll discuss things later, the most important thing is your body … … we need to add more strength."
Rosen opened a nutrient solution pack, drank it, then kissed Ling Yu- lifted his chin, pried open his teeth and fed the nutrient solution to him.
After feeding him, he also wrapped his tongue around Ling Yu's soft tongue, gently sucking it.
“Ah … um…”
Rosen’s kiss was very gentle, the deep kiss lasted for a long time. When he was satisfied he backed out from Ling Yu's mouth, whispered: “First take a break, you tortured yourself before, consuming too much energy. When you've recovered, we can continue."
“…"
Aware of the strong reaction of his body, Ling Yu finally helplessly hugged the man in front of him, gently closed his eyes.
*****
Rosen could never forget those three days.
In that closed prison room, he spent three sweet intense days with Ling Yu.
Ling Yu's instinct was suppressed by the drugs for too long, when it suddenly broke out, the onset of estrus was particularly violent. Rosen did not know how many times held him, or the countless times he entered his body … … how many times. Ling Yu was in a trance clinging to Rosen's shoulder, peaceful in his arms, his face affixed to his chest, directly falling asleep whenever he was tired.
– That gesture was the warmest part of Rosen's memory for many years.
His favorite man was asleep in his arms, his slender and beautiful body full of traces of love.
In that absolutely closed cell, they hugged tightly and completed the complete mark between Alphas and Omegas. Their body, their souls, at that moment finally completely belonged to each other.
Rosen felt that it was the happiest moment of his life.
Three days later, Rosen took Ling Yu out from the secret cell.
Because he was completely marked, Ling Yu's Omega smell was unable to affect the Alpha in his army. The Night Corps' subordinates stood in place with complex looks, watching their most respected general who was unable to hold up his own body, and was held up by Admiral Rosen into the military hospital.
Ling Yu, because of long-term injection of inhibitors, developed a high fever. The high fever repeated for a whole week, Rosen was unable to stay by his side.
A month later, the military court ruled over the “military accident”.
An Omega injected themselves with inhibitors for years, not only did he mix into the San Romia Military Academy for three years, after graduation he achieved high ranks of success, and even had their own independent army.
In the battle in which the Night Corps attacked Nami star, the Omega's illegally injected inhibitors actually failed and he suddenly entered estrus on the battlefield. This was simply a display of contempt and insult for the military's rules!
Ling Yu's various practices were contrary to countless imperial laws and regulations!
Military court decision -
Ling Yu was expelled from the military, the Night Corps were dissolved, and Ling Yu's dedicated machine armor, Suzaku, was sealed!
Ling Yu was also sentenced to life imprisonment!
The result of this judgment was sealed by the military and became one of the highest guarded secrets of the military.
That year, many people involved in the trial could not forget- the young officer was escorted from the military court, his back thin, and his lips cold with a proud smile.
– Life imprisonment.
This was the result of his bloodshed for the army for so many years.
Just because he was an Omega.
Because he was an Omega, he had the ability to have high fertility, from when he was born he had to be registered to the so-called “Omega Conservation Association”. From small to large he had to be monitored by the government. Under direct house control, when he turned 18 years old he'd be given in marriage to an Alpha, then go home to a lifetime of birthing children for that person……
Because of the gender imbalance between the ABO, in order to facilitate the so-called excellent breeding, the population with the strongest fertility, the 5% population of Omega, became the government's possession.
In this ridiculous world, Omega were deprived of even the most basic human rights…
Ling Yu sneered away from the military court, at the door of the courtroom he met Rosen's deep eyes.
Rosen slightly opened his mouth and mouthed out: “It'll be okay, I'll save you.”
Ling Yu was escorted to the darkest underground prison of the empire.
However, he was only in prison for less than three days, then Rosen went directly to the prison to bring him out.
Because of new information brought by His Majesty, the military court suddenly declared a revision.
– Ling Yu was released from military prison, and put into house arrest in Rosen's apartment. For life he could not leave half a step out of Rosen's apartment!
Ling Yu was brought back to Rosen's apartment filled with doubts, the correction was inexplicable, from life imprisonment in the military prison to life-long house arrest in Rosen's apartment, in the end what was the difference?
After being routed to Rosen's apartment, Ling Yu looked at the man and said quietly: “It's just another place to be bound to Rosen, you did not have to go through the trouble. Please call his Majesty to change back the verdict."
Rosen touched Ling Yu's hair gently, whispered: “Ling Yu, you cannot stay in prison … … you are pregnant."
Ling Yu eyes suddenly opened, shocked: “What did you say?!”
“Every prisoner has to be tested, and your serum test results proved that you are pregnant, so our majesty came forward to ask the military court to recall the verdict. The empire will not let a pregnant person go to prison.”
“… …” Ling Yu clenched his fist, face stiff.
Rosen stood in front of Ling Yu, gently held on to his shoulder, whispered: “It was changed to house arrest, but that was just to satisfy the old group of ancients. I will not trap you, wherever you want to go, I can take you there. ”
Ling Yu suddenly pushed Rosen away, looked up at him and said, “Rosen, you did this deliberately, right?”
“What?”
“The last time in the cell, you deliberately marked me … was it because you already anticipated what would happen today?”
Rosen said calmly: “Yes.”
Ling Yu; “…”
Rosen quieted his voice: “Injecting inhibitors and entering into the military, you are the first Omega to do that, the military would've definitely made an example of you, and give you a harsh sentence! I did not want you to suffer all your life in a disgusting military prison, next to outlaws and lunatics! You're an Omega trapped in a jail cell, what do you think will happen to you?"
Ling Yu; “…”
Rosen took a step forward but Ling Yu backed up a step in response.
The two stalemated for a moment, Ling Yu finally took a deep breath, then calmly looked at the man in front of him, “Anyway, that was your one-sided decision. This child is too sudden, I … …”
Rosen frowned at him, “Don't think about it, stay by my side, and wait for our baby to be born.”
“… … and what about other children?” Ling Yu suddenly took a step forward, one hand gently rested on the man's face, softly said, “Rosen I am an Omega, I can give birth, so I should obediently stay with you, give birth to your children, and follow you around all the time, like your damn slave … is that right?"
Ling Yu's active approach, as well touching his face, caused Rosen’s breathing to slightly lag.
Before he had time to react, Rosen’s cheek suddenly felt a strange sense of paralysis, his vision blurred, his body suddenly lost all strength and fell straight down to the ground.
“… …” Rosen looked astonished at Ling Yu, “You actually dare … …”
“Dare to defy his own Alpha?” Ling Yu dropped the mini needle in his hands, smiled and said, “Rosen, you forgot, I was never afraid of you even in military school… … I respect you, only because your rank was higher than mines, you are my superiors, but since I have been expelled from the military, those rules no longer apply."
Ling Yu took out the magnetic identity card from Rosen's pocket, “I'm borrowing your black dragon, I won't say goodbye, Rosen."
Rosen was left lying on the floor, forced to watched the man turning away holding his dedicated identity card.
– He left without nostalgia, did not look back even once.
Ling Yu secretly drove Rosen’s armor Black Dragon and left the Cepheid galaxy, but while he was flying out of Cepheid galaxy he encountered a rare, once in two decades universe sandstorm.
The next day, Rosen’s wreck of machine armor was found in the interstellar ruins near Cepheid.
The black armor was shattered by the mighty universe sandstorm, a piece of broken wreckage floating in the universe, there were pieces of debris with traces of Ling Yu's blood.
“…”
Looking out the window to the floating armor wreckage, the always calm and hard man finally collapsed.
He stood at the side of the window, his back strained, his nails clenched into the palm his hand. Tears dropped from his eyes, a silent suppressed cry, that caused all the subordinates to be shocked speechless.
“Ling Yu …”
“Did you know?”
“I love you……”
Rosen said it over and over again, but the man was never able to hear it.
It was the first time the Glory Legion's subordinates that followed Rosen for so many years saw the General lose control.
They silently watched General Rosen’s back, no one dared to come forward to comfort, no one dared to speak.
Until a long time later, Rosen adjusted his mood, face once again expressionless: “Clean up this piece of armor wreckage, take it back to Ling Yu General's monument."
He left the side of the window, his face finally restored his usual calm look.
– His heart was calm.
That night, a tombstone for Ling Yu was secretly set up by Rosen in the back garden of his apartment.
The tombstone was engraved with a row of vigorous and powerful characters: Lacey Empire Night Army Chief, Ling Yu Major General.
Those were the words Rosen himself engraved.
Because Rosen knew that Ling Yu gave all his blood and youth to his regiment, his favorite identity was the Empire's Night Corps General.
– Ling Yu, the military expelled you, they'll no longer recognize your identity.
– But in my heart, you will always be my favorite General.
***
In the Glory Legion command cabin, two dignified looking adjutants were whispering.
“We're approaching the headquarters. Marshal has been in the command cabin for so long, should we go in and see?”
“Do not disturb him. This piece of interstellar ruins was where General Ling Yu was buried. Marshal just met Vladimir, he's certainly thinking of past things. Let him alone for a while Ok. ”
Rosen kept himself locked in the command cabin.
Through the porthole he saw the endless space, saw that familiar interstellar ruins, the universe sandstorms regularly left many warship wreckages there, large tracts of wreckage floated freely in the universe, like a horrible grave yard.
Rosen's always calm face, finally emerge a trace of a twisted painful look.
Ling Yu
These years … I've missed you…
Wearing a black uniform, he was the Lacey Empire's military headquarters highest commander, except for His Majesty, he was the most popular person- The Undefeated God of War.
However, this man has never laughed.
In the people's impression, he always wore a calm expression, a pair of deep eyes like frozen winter ice.
At that moment, Rosen Bessemer, standing alone in the command cabin facing the vast universe, his tall and stiff back, seemed to be engraved in loneliness.
==========================================
Chapter 8: Military Academy on Broken Army star
The Pearl No. 731 has a total of 20 large cabins, each cabin can accommodate nearly a thousand people. Lin Yuan was located in cabin B, the lively noise in the hall made him curiously come out from his cabin.
Marshal Rosen's short video call turned the atmosphere of the entire spacecraft into excitement. Even if the news was old by now, the people in the hall were still talking about him, their faces full of excitement.
“Marshal Rosen is more handsome than the photos! I didn’t expect him to be so young!"
“Yes, but Marshal Rosen seems to still be a bachelor?"
“Did the Omega Association not pick the right Omega for him?"
“Shouldn't he pick his own?”
“I heard that he's always on the front lines, rarely returns home and the whole day he's busy cleaning up the federation groups. He probably has no time so he just ignores it!"
“Yes, if it were not for him, the people of the Empire would not have had this rare peacefulness for the past 18 years!"
Lin Yuan listened to the crowd talking about his idol and suddenly felt a strange feeling in his heart.
– Marshal is not married yet?
How is that possible? He's the grand Marshal of the Empire, his power and prestige in the Empire did not lose to His Majesty. The Omega Association should have sent a lot of pure and good-looking Omega for his casual selection. Does he have such picky tastes that he can’t pick one?
Lin Yuan scratched his head with some confusion.
Probably because the exam required him to review the Empire's modern military history, looking at the legendary god-like man’s deep eyes, listening to his low-pitched voice- although his eyes were cold and his face had no expression, Lin Yuan felt that he should be a very gentle person.
He loves the people of the empire. When the pearl was kidnapped he was the first to rush to the scene and forced Vladimir to flee. He also personally connected to the crowd with a video call, and sent troops to escort the frightened people … … obviously such a gentle person, why does everyone think he is very proud and cold?
The airship successfully entered into the cosmic waterway under the escort of the Glory Legion and the excited masses finally gradually dispersed, Lin Yuan also turned back into his cabin.
Snow was drinking, and when he saw Lin Yuan coming in, he easily handed him a bottle of water.
Lin said with a smile: “Thank you.”
Maybe because in that moment of life and death they chatted to relax their nerves, the cold teenager's attitude significantly improved a lot, his guarded eyes had become softer, and occasionally he exposed a faint smile.
– Snow actually has a very nice smile!
If he didn't have a similar beta smell, Lin Yuan might've mistook him for Omega!
Lin Yuan took the water from Snow and sat down on his bed.
There were some black warships outside the porthole, the vanguard of the Glory Legion, which was sent by the marshal to escort Pearl No. 731. The golden sun symbols on the warships seemed particularly cordial, the feeling of being escorted by the troops made Lin Yuan feel at ease.
Lin Yuan couldn't help saying: "By the way, Marshal Rosen seems to have graduated from the San Romia 573th military command division?"
Snow looked up at him, faintly said: “Ah"
Lin Yuan excitedly said: “And His Majesty Strand, General Bayh, General Udir, General Warrick, also all graduated from San Romia!”
As a freshman at San Romia Military Academy, Lin Yuan suddenly had a feeling of pride.
Hobby seemed to feel the excitement of his master, his pair of black eyes shining, so he scratched his palm with a hairy paw. Lin Yuan held on to its claws, while the other hand touch its ears, smiled and said: “I had to deceive my mother to take the exam, but it was the correct choice."
Hobby immediately nodded to agree.
Snow: “…”
They say to find out the personality of owner just look at their pet. The boy with the pair of black and bright eyes, and the small hairy beast with black eyes were really starting to look more and more alike.
Snow could not help but cough, lowered his head, and continued to watch the movie from where he left off.
Lin looked around in the cabin, bored. He saw a row of bedside buttons, the different colored buttons had simple words of the universal language. He thought of when the ship captain said, “If you need help please don't be polite”. Lin Yuan, out of curiosity, pressed the “food” button.
Soon, a more than half a head taller than him silver-white robot appeared in the doorway, its gentle voice said: “Hello, No. 7158 in your service, what do you need?"
Lin Yuan smiled and said: “What's delicious?”
7158 gently said: “Please look at the food list on my chest, select the items you want, pay with a crystal card, then remove the food. Thank you.”
With that said, he opened his chest with outstretched arms. The blue screen on his chest listed a lot of pictures and pricing of food, as well as a detailed classification and introduction. The food included a lot of things that he has never eaten, and there seemed to be specialties of other galaxies.
Lin Yuan curiously gave a closer look, and chose a cheap and delicious looking spicy cookies. He gently pressed the picture, and sure enough, the screen icon become a “selected” red. He selected 2 of them, took out the platinum crystal card, brushed it and entered the password.
A beep sound was heard- the card was approved- and 7158 immediately opened its belly. Two beautifully packaged boxes rolled out of its stomach. Lin Yuan took out the food, smiled and said: “Um, thank you."
7158 said: “Thank you, goodbye. I wish you a pleasant journey!
“…”
Looking at 7158 turning to leave, Lin Yuan couldn't help but think: What an advanced robot!
Rennes planet was relatively backward, his home robot was the cheapest version, it could only sweep and clean plates, its voice capabilities were basic. 7158 spoke fluently and walked quickly, plus his body was filled with all kinds of food! It's simply a mobile snack house!
Hehe, if only I could sneak him away…
Lin Yuan took the biscuits, smiled and handed snow a box, “Snow, here for you.”
“I’m not hungry” Snow said.
“… … Oh.” Lin Yuan bowed his head to eat.
Seeing Lin Yuan beam, as if eating something delicacies, Hobby couldn't help but drool. He energetically rubbed his master’s arm, his black eyes looked helpless.
Lin Yu laughed and handed him a box. Hobby immediately tore open the box and curiously pulled a piece into his mouth. It was delicious! He happily rubbed Lin Yuan’s arm, Lin Yuan responded by touching its ears.
So, Lin Yuan and Hobby were buried together eating snacks. They ate with relish and look pleased.
Snow: “…”
The big and the small, the owner and the pet. This eating biscuits together scene is simply too funny to look at directly……
***
The sailing lasted a full 13 days. In the four-man cabin, there were a beta-male couple who stayed for four days after getting on in Milky Way. The Betas looked very loving, but Lin Yuan felt that a beta-male couple was a bit odd!
In this low reproduction time, isn't it a bit strange for beta men and beta men to get together?
Although the imperial law allows this marriage, Lin Yuan felt that Beta male and Beta women were more fitting. It felt weird for two big gentlemen to hold hands!
However, for the rest of the travels Snow was his only roommate.
After being together for 13 days they became more familiar with each other.
Snow said he was an only child, and his parents worked in a private hospital on planet Oman. He was also interested in medicine since he was young.
Of course, the cheerful Lin Yuan also shared all his family background with Snow.
Lin Yuan’s family was not very fortunate, his mother is ill, and his sister basically took care of the family although she was only 20. She opened a cake shop in Rennes Planet, the cake shop was relatively popular locally. Every month the subsidy from the government for his father's sacrifice in battle helped maintain the daily expenses.
The reason Lin Yuan chose to apply for San Romia military academy, in addition to it being his dream academy from childhood, there was another reason. San Romia Military Academy had free tuition, free meals and accommodation. His family is poor, they couldn't afford to pay high tuition fees.
Snow listened to Lin Yuan as he talked about his family situation, tone very calm. Snow’s expression was still cold, but he was obviously warming up to Lin Yuan. This guy was very cheerful, and also had a good heart, having him as a friend might be pretty good…
And as for Lin Yuan, he'd already decide that Snow was his good friend!
***
On the afternoon of January 18th, Pearl 731 spacecraft finally reached the terminal in Bear galaxy.
The Broken planet was chosen by mankind to become the military base of the Lacey Empire.
There are large deserts, plains and rivers staggered in Broken Army star. The vast expanse of land was very suitable for large warships and space armor training. The empire's military exercises were also often carried out there.
The planet has lots of military academies, military research institutes and mech research centers. Such an important planet, the defense levels where naturally several degrees higher than in Cigar galaxy. Three light years away there was a laser Interception network, if a foreign spacecraft wanted to enter they had to go through layer after layer of verification and inspection.
Because it was a military base there were not many residents. When the pearl arrived, out of the nearly 20,000 passengers less than 1000 people got off, and most of these people were strong imperial soldiers.
Lin Yuan and Snow came out of the space station, this is the first time the two have traveled to Broken planet. Unlike the cold Cigar galaxy this climate was hot. The two from the cold climates found it hard to adapt.
After they passed the security check, the two took a suspension car together to San Romia Military Academy.
Along the way, Lin Yuan excitedly looked out at the scenery.
The time was evening, in the endless vast desert the wind was blowing dust into sky. A star similar to the Milky Way’s sun shone, sprinkling a golden glow on the surface. Flying in the air under the dust and the sunlight, with the wind constantly shaking the sparse trees, the whole world seemed to sparkle. In the nearly million kilometers enormous desert, people couldn't help but feel like a hero in a western movie.
The speed of the air suspension was very fast, they fast forwarded through the desert, reached a wide river, and flew alongside it for half an hour. They finally reached a large expanse of green.
The endless vast plains was divided into many areas, some had tall buildings and endless streets…… Obviously, here was a military base, and San Romia Military Academy was located here.
At the base, the speed of the suspension car slowed down significantly.
A suspended vehicle will not cause traffic jams, the reason why they slowed down was because all vehicles entering the base must undergo a security check, so the wait took some time. After waiting for about three minutes, they passed the check and the driver of the suspension car drove directly along the air way to the entrance of San Romia Military Academy.
At the gate of the school there was a silver statue of an eagle, which was the symbol of the Lacey Empire. Behind the statue the school gate read “San Romia Military Academy” in a row of gold writing. From the school gate you could see dozens of buildings standing in the campus, as orderly as a military parade.
Every building, every scene, even every little detail showed that it was the number one military academy in the Empire!
Lin Yuan excitedly came down from the suspension car and dragged Snow to the entrance. Just as they were going to register, they suddenly heard a burst of noisiness behind then.
Lin Yuan looked back and saw that not far in the air more than 100 silver-white suspension cars were neatly arranged in two rows, escorting a super large-scale suspension car to the San Romia Military Academy! All of the uniform suspension cars were engraved with the dazzling platinum gold Pentagon Immortal Throne Galaxy Flag!
The convoy did not stay at the school gate for inspection, but passed through the air defense network and directly entered the school!
The spectacular fleet soon flew overhead and disappeared out of sight!
“… …” The new students were stunned by the scene.
After a long silence, finally someone curiously asked: "What kind of person was that? His showiness is too big! "
"Which planet are you from? You don’t know? That was the Imperial Royal Guard, the Golden Galaxy Flag is the Imperial Royal Guard symbol! "
“The royal escort?” The freshman was visibly shocked. “Isn't the Imperial Palace in Cepheus? How can the Royal Guard be here?”
“His Majesty is an alumni, all the generals and royal descendants must go to San Romia Military Academy to study. The Royal Guard will naturally escort the princes to school."
"Oh, is that so." The curious classmate paused then asked, "Is there a prince in freshman year?"
“……how could I know?”
Listening to the voices not far away, Lin Yuan's heart could not help but ask: Was that the Royal Guard?
He only read some of the records on the royal escorts on the Internet. They were said to be an elite team composed entirely of Alpha, responsible for the protection of royal family members. They were not subject to military control, only listened to His Majesty and the prince, and in special circumstances their command was even above the military.
San Romia Military Academy was really a
Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon
. Maybe while walking in campus he could casually meet a general’s son or a royal descendant. If the pure bloodline Alpha are all this super it really is better to stay away from them.
But……Is there really a prince in this year’s freshman class? This novel chance made Lin Yuan feel very curious!
======================================
Chapter 9: Roommates are Alpha
Lin Yuan and Snow went together to the freshman arrivals section. They placed their luggage on the conveyor belt, and turned to the freshman check-in. Freshmen were scattered around the white school building. Because the military section and the medical section students were not together Lin Yuan hurried to get Snow's phone number, smiled and said: “Snow, contact me often ah!"
“Ah.” Snow nodded his head, turned to the medical school entrance line, Lin Yuan also turned to the military department.
The freshman of the military department had to pass through five checks, including registration and checking student data, they also had basic physical examination, data measurement, serological testing, psychological testing, as well as the most troublesome physical tests- one test was as tiring as running a marathon.
It took one hour to finish the freshman report. Lin Yuan, panting, walked to the luggage storage office to receive his luggage. His heart couldn't help but feel apprehension, after all, Hobby was hidden in his trunk. If it was found, he didn't know how to deal with it……
He reported his school number to the luggage distribution robot, and a familiar luggage was quickly transported on the conveyor belt. The trunk was still sealed, apparently the previous scan did not find a problem.
Lin Yuan was relieved, he quickly dragged the suitcase to the dormitory.
After he used his card to enter the dormitory, Lin Yuan couldn't help but stop in wonder -this housing condition is too good!
The large apartment-style dormitory consisted of four separate large bedrooms, a common living room and a dining room with a dining table and four stools. The living room was also decorated with soft sofas and the rooms were very clean. The large floor-to-ceiling window showed the military school landscape, the room lighting was also very suitable.
There were no people in the room and the four bedroom doors were open.
The four bedroom patterns were the same, so Lin Yuan casually selected the leftmost one.
In the middle of the bedroom was a two meter wide bed. Enough space to do somersaults…. Next to it was an automatic wardrobe and a wide desk with a school issued computer……
Such housing conditions was simply a luxury five-star treatment!
Lin Yuan quickly opened the trunk to find Hobby, after looking for a long time, he found that small Hobby had shrunk himself into a small ball, hidden in the Lin Yuan's white sweater. He's disguised himself as part of the white sweater.
No wonder the luggage was not searched after the laser scan! Apparently, the smart laser robot thought it was just a furry sweater after the rough scan!
Hobby seemed to be aware of his owner’s breath, he immediately stuck his head out from the sweater, and excitedly flew into Lin Yuan’s arms, rubbing his face against his cheek.
Lin Yu laughed and embraced it, “Hobby, you’re so smart! You didn’t get caught, did you? ”
Hobby shook his head proudly.
Lin Yuan whispered: “I secretly brought you in, I don't know if it's a violation of school rules. You have to stay hidden in my room, if someone comes you have to hide in the closet. I'll give you food every day ok?
Hobby nodded excitedly.
Lin Yuan touched its long ears, put it on the bed and said, “I'm taking a bath, that physical examination made me sweaty, you stay here, don't run!”
Hobby nodded again and again.
Until Lin Yuan went into the bathroom, Hobby happily turned around, curiously walking around the house.
Lin Yuan walked into the bedroom bathroom. The bathroom was separated into two parts, the outside was the sink and toilet, and there was a shower and wide bathtub. The shelves even had brand new towels, toothbrushes and a variety of unopened shampoo, shower gel and other things. The equipment was very complete.
Lin Yuan pulled the device for hot water, placed himself into the big bathtub, and comfortably took a bath.
In the bath he suddenly heard a sound outside the door, as if it was Hobby’s voice……
Lin Yuan washed off the bubbles, stood up from the bathtub and took a towel to clean up, when suddenly the door of the toilet was opened and his eyes met someone else's.
Lin Yuan: “… …”
The boy had a pair of brown eyes, his aquiline nose made his eyes look particularly deep. His handsome facial features were as if personally carved out by the Creator, he almost couldn't find a trace of flaws.
The boy's tall figure was suitable for a soldier, and his body seemed to have innate arrogance, like a king visiting his territory. The strong oppression made people dare not look directly into his eyes!
– He's an Alpha!
The moment he appeared, Lin Yuan smelt his body's strong Alpha atmosphere!
Somehow, Lin Yuan’s spine suddenly stiffened!
Like a threatened animal, Lin Yuan self- protection instinct made him immediately jump out of the bathtub. He quickly grabbed a bathrobe to wear, his looked alertly at the incomer, and asked with a cold face: “Who are you?”
The boy looked at him thoughtfully, after a moment, his lips slightly curved. He whispered: “This question should be asked by me, why are you in my bathroom?”
Lin Yuan froze a moment, “… … ah?”
“Are you a new student in San Romia?”
“……Yes.”
“Your room card has a bedroom number. This is my bedroom, the school expressly states that we cannot privately change bedrooms.” The boy looked at Lin Yuan, calmly said, “Since you're done, can you come out? I’m not used to sharing a bathroom with people."
“… …” Lin Yuan’s face suddenly turned red. He quickly rushed out from the bathroom.
Passing around the boy, his strong Alpha essence and his pair of deep eyes, made Lin Yuan’s body feel tense.
This is his roommate, he had to ask his name and say hello, but strangely, the usually friendly Lin Yuan when the boy looked at him he just felt a need to put some distance between them.
– Leave his gaze, the farther better, the sooner the better!
Once his brain commanded him, Lin Yuan did not even glance in his direction, he almost instantly turned and left the bedroom. Wrapped in a towel he looked like a white whirlwind!
“… …” The boy's mouth, still standing in the bathroom door, twitched involuntarily.
But Lin Yuan felt even more depressed. Just after he left the room he ran straight into another Alpha.
The Alpha boy was tall and straight, with dazzling pure gold hair, blue eyes like a mysterious ocean. He was handsome, his lips were raised in a frivolous smile.
“What's going on?” The boy looked at Lin Yuan, then looked into the bedroom, “Caesar, why is someone running out from your bedroom in a panic?"
The boy named Caesar also came out from the bedroom, standing behind Lin Yuan, he looked down at the shorter Asian teenager, and said: “He should be our roommate, he accidentally entered the wrong bedroom."
“Roommates?" the blond boy looked at Lin Yuan. Smiling he said, “Hey, roommate. You're a freshman too? ……Oh my God, why are you so short?”
He stretched out his hand and placed it on top of Lin Yuan's head, patting it gently like a pet.
Lin Yuan’s head just reached his chin so his patting was very natural.
“…….”
Lin Yuan's body stiffened, he tightly clenched his fist and did not hesitate to directly throw a punch!Unexpectedly, the boy behind him caught his arm!
Lin Yuan's attack was without warning, to catch it, Caesar's reaction speed had to be amazing!
His hand had great strength, his slender fingers almost clenched into Lin Yuan’s bones!
Lin Yuan's arm was gripped tightly by his fingers, so it was his body's first direct contact with an Alpha. Lin Yuan’s scalp suddenly tingled, his body even began to inexplicably heat up.
They confronted for a moment, then Lin Yuan stiffly said: “Let go!”
Caesar frowned, he let Lin Yuan go, and asked: “You have a habit of beating people when you're unhappy?”
“… …” Lin Yuan ignored him.
The blond, blue eyed boy was still smiling, as if watching a small animal. The deep eyed boy behind was giving out a suffocating sense of oppression. Surrounded by two Alpha, Lin Yuan's blood inexplicably grew cold!
There seems to be some sleeping beast waking up, and the strange trembling sensation in his body made Lin Yuan very uncomfortable!
No longer wanting to be near them, Lin Yuan directly pushed the blocking blond boy to the side, turned into his bedroom, and banged shut the door!
“……”
The two Alphas looked at the door.
Caesar was silent for a moment before he said calmly: “Brian, you provoked him.”
Brian smiled and stroked his chin, looking back at Lin Yuan's door, he meaningfully said: “I did not expect our little roommate would be so violent…….I wanna see how much he can do.”
Brian said as he turned towards Lin Yuan's bedroom. But Caesar frowned: “Hey, you just started school. Do you want the principal and General Bayh to find out?"
Brian stopped, wiped his forehead and said, “Oh, shit. I’m afraid of my old man and his three-hour "How to be a respectable person" lecture. I'll be a good student like you.”
Brian shrugged his shoulders, gently placed his right hand over his heart, bowed to Caesar, and said solemnly, "My dear Prince, I'm off to take a bath, you do you."
Then he turned, humming a song, into his bedroom. He smiled back at Caesar as he closed the door.
Caesar turned to look at Lin Yuan's bedroom, his brown eyes gradually deepened.
– Why did, at the moment I saw that boy in the bathroom, he oddly smelled like an Omega?
The smell was so faint that the average person would never notice.
However, Caesar was different.
He has the most acute senses and the best insights in the entire empire, and it stems from the various intensive training courses he had received since childhood, including a top-secret course.
Omega Pheromone Resistance training course!
=========================================
Chapter 10: Prince Caesar
Each prince of the empire shall begin reading from the age of six, and as a prince, he must keep his mind calm even when he was in the face of an Omega’s estrus.
Since then, when General Lin Yuan happened, His Majesty and Rosen paid special attention to the resistance of the military. Afterwards, all Alpha took “Omega Estrus Resistance training”, so as to avoid future interference from Omega pheromone and becoming irrational.
As a soldier, it was vital to keep reason at all times.
As a prince, it was not only necessary, but also instinctive, to stay sane at all times.
His Majesty had Caesar carry out Omega Pheromone resistance training from an early age. The various experts in the Imperial Academy were using chemical drugs to synthesize the various Omega scents and these were around him each day.
To use reason to overcome instinct, it was a very painful process.
Fortunately, Caesar at that time was still small, his body couldn't directly respond to that kind of pheromone. The first time he smelled it he only felt very excited and uncomfortable, but after smelling it every day the feeling will naturally slowly fade.
After adulthood, although his body would still generate a strong reaction, his mind can still remain sober, and his reason will not be completely lost.
Caesar was accustomed to the smell of various kinds of pheromone, his sense of smell was naturally quite sensitive to the taste. He almost never missed, so he was more confused.
After seeing the bare Lin Yuan, he actually felt a pure, no impurities aura of Omega. It was a never marked, recently turned adult Omega aura.
But that breath was very, very weak, faint like a flash of illusion.
How can military academies have Omega?
All the blood of students enrolled would be tested and the information in the blood was extracted. Empire law also expressly states that all Omega should be registered at the time of birth and from the age of 13 sent to a school set up specifically for Omega. Omega who injected inhibitors to get into the military courted death.
So ……. it was probably a moment of illusion?
Caesar gently touched his nose. His nose may have a little bit of a bug.
*
Back in the bedroom, he suddenly heard a slight burst of sound coming from the closet.
In addition to his sensitive sense of smell, his hearing was naturally the most sensitive in the whole empire, he can even hear a mosquito’s voice a few meters outside the room.
Caesar, puzzled, placed his finger on the automatic closet's sensor.
Whoosh, the closet was opened, in the corner of the wardrobe a pure white “dog” was fearfully shrinking into a small hair ball, trembling.
“…….” Caesar’s face was slightly stiff.
That hairball saw him, shook some more, shrunk into a ball tighter, it also pulled down his wide and long ears with two claws to cover its face, as if the person in front could not notice it if it did so.
Caesar looked at it and quietly said, “Wayne, what are you doing here?”
“Woo hoo…….” he recognize it, human beings are really too annoying!
Wayne suddenly ran out from the closet and crazily rushed into the bedroom door.
Caesar whispered: “Stop.”
Wayne stiffly stopped and tightened his guard.
Impasse for a moment, his hairy claws tentatively moved forward a bit, but Caesar said coldly: “Come back.”
“Ooo woo …….” Caesar His Majesty’s face is terribly cold!
Wayne bowed his head, frustrated, and turned back to Caesar’s side. He rubbed Caesar’s trousers to please him.
Caesar leaned over and looked at it, whispered: “Tell me, why are you here?”
“…” Wayne bowed his head and didn't speak.
Caesar took out a palm-sized photoelectric screen from his suitcase, opened it, from the inside he pulled out the special sensor software and placed it in front of Wayne, whispered, “Write to me, or I will send you back to the palace!"
Wayne immediately shook his head, put his two claws on the screen and quickly laid out a line of words: “No no! Prince His Royal Highness you cannot send me back to the palace, do not tell the Queen. Tell her I am dead!!!"
Caesar was puzzled, “Why?”
Wayne looked at him tearfully then typed, “The Queen wants me to mate and give her a little nest.”
Followed by a crying expression.
Caesar: “…”
Wayne continued with enthusiasm and wrote: “The people of the Institute are so terrible! They gave me a Gera to let me have a little nest with it, but I hate that guy, so I ran away …”
Caesar looked at it and whispered: “And then where did you go?”
“Once again, His Majesty sent troops to Cigar galaxy to mine minerals, I secretly hid in the spacecraft inside a robot's stomach, and passed the interstellar check mark. When they landed, I sneaked out, but didn't expect to faint in the snow……. Rennes planet is really too cold!"
Wayne seemed to remember the cold there, trembled a bit, then went on to write: “Fortunately, there was a good person who picked me up, he is my new owner. He is called Lin Yuan!
– Lin Yuan?
Caesar slightly frowned. He finally understood why the Empire's Queen Anna lost her pet, Wayne, two years ago, and why he suddenly appeared in San Romia Military Academy's student dormitory.
– Cigar Galaxy, Rennes Planet, Lin Yuan.
This year’s new student list has such a person, same as himself, he was admitted to San Romia Military Academy with full marks in all three courses. He was said to be born in a civilian family, to have such results he was indeed someone to look at.
That boy who used the wrong bathroom, who he almost thought was an Omega, is Lin Yuan?
Caesar thought in silence for a moment, then whispered: “Wayne, do you like this new master? He tested into San Romia Military Academy, so you followed him?”
Wayne nodded earnestly.
“You’re really clever, but you didn't expect to meet me here,” he said.
Wayne lowered his head in frustration: “Your Highness, please don't tell Queen Anna, okay?”
Caesar gently touched Wayne’s ears, he whispered: “Rest assured, I won't tell mother. She was going to match you, and I don’t agree with that. You have your own consciousness, humans shouldn't have taken you as a pet and we're even less qualified to force you to mate."
Wayne's eyes were bright, he enthusiastically nodded, happy to rub his cheek against Caesar's palms.
– This was how they expressed their love.
Caesar smiled, “Since you like Lin Yuan, then follow Lin Yuan. I won't tell your whereabouts to my mother, and you should not tell my identity to anyone."
Wayne quickly nodded his head, and also seriously raised his hairy claws, as if swearing.
Caesar shook his claws lightly, held it up and lifted the white suitcase left behind by Lin Yuan, he
whispered
, “Let's go and see your new master."
*****
Lin Yuan was sitting in his bedroom in a daze. Somehow, his heart felt strangely uneasy.
Rennes planet was a barren and desolate place, the children were mostly Beta. Most of the people he had seen from a young age were Beta, even if there were Alpha they weren't pure blooded.
He knows that Alpha are the strongest of all the races, and the more pure the blood of the Alpha was, the stronger his breath was. But this knowledge was only theoretical, only today did he finally realize the difference.
The two roommates who lived with him were undoubtedly the most pure, capable and powerful Alpha. The great oppression they gave was difficult to breathe through.
Especially that guy named Caesar……
His deep eyes seemed to have the power to sink, his attention made Lin Yuan's back hair stand up, his heart seemed to be in a struggle to break free. His back inexplicably trembled, so Lin Yuan gave in to the instinct to flee.
He was Beta, he shouldn't have such a strong reaction to the Alpha just because he got close, was it because he had never previously seen an Alpha, so a sudden encounter with such a worthy Alpha gave him a sense of oppression? After all, compared to Alpha, Beta were weaker in height and physical ability. It’s very stressful to face such an excellent Alpha.
Lin Yuan finally figured out an explanation for his weird behavior, so his heart was relieved.
Later he wants to avoid them. Anyway, the four bedrooms were independent, as long as he stayed in his bedroom as much as possible, he couldn't provoke them.
However, Lin choosing not to provoke them, does not mean they wouldn't come to provoke Lin Yuan……
Suddenly a knock was heard, Lin Yuan alertly erected his ears. It was quiet outside for a moment, then the knock sounded again, and Caesar's deep voice asked: “Are you in?"
Lin Yuan adjusted his expression, took a deep breath, went to the door and asked: “Something wrong?
“Is this white pet yours?”
“…….” Bad, Hobby was still in that bedroom!
Lin Yuan had to open the door, he saw a white hair ball was being held in Caesar's arms. When he saw Lin Yuan his eyes brightened and he raised his hairy claws and waved toward Lin Yuan.
Lin Yuan stretched out his hand and took Hobby. Hobby was very happy to fly into Lin Yuan’s arms, he rubbed Lin Yuan’s face with his head.
It was kept by Caesar for a long time, so it carried Caesar's scent. The moment Hobby rubbed him, a strong Alpha aura spread out, it even made Lin Yuan momentarily dizzy.
“…….” Lin Yuan immediately held his breath, adjusted the bitterness of his heart, put Hobby on the desk, and softly said: “Thank you, it's mine."
Lin Yuan said what was necessary before closing the door, but Caesar's hand blocked it.
Caesar whispered: “What’s his name?”
“… It's called Hobby.”
Caesar looked at Hobby, and Hobby proudly looked up at him, as if to say "Isn't my new name nice?"
Caesar smiled and handed the white suitcase to Lin Yuan, “Is this your luggage?”
“Yes, leave it there, thank you.”
Lin Yuan said what was necessary to close the door, but Caesar again reached out.
“…….” This person is simply annoying! He obviously didn't want to chat with him, why did he always block the door?
The strong discomfort of being surround by an Alpha's aura made Lin unhappily wrinkle his brow.
Caesar looked at Lin Yuan and whispered: “I think we should exchange things from our bathrooms. You just used a bath towel, so I'll take yours, is that okay?"
“…”
He really did use his bathroom towel, he even opened his shampoo and shower gel.
Lin Yuan was embarrassed. He backed up a step and opened the bedroom door to let him in.
Caesar took Lin Yuan’s suitcase into the bedroom, put the suitcase away, then took the new toiletries out of the bathroom. Then he turned back to his bedroom and took the towel, shampoo and shower gel that Lin Yuan used from his bathroom.
In his back and forth process, Lin Yuan was alertly standing at the door watching him. His body was in a defensive state, like a barbed up small hedgehog.
After exchanging the bathroom appliances, Caesar politely reached out his hand to Lin Yuan and whispered: “I'm Caesar, a military command department freshman. You are?"
“………I'm Lin Yuan.” Lin Yuan stretched out his hand and gently shook his hand, then immediately took back his hand. Dropping his head to avoid Caesar's eyes, he gently petted Hobby, still lying on the table.
Caesar looked at Hobby, then took out the palm-sized photoelectric screen and handed it to Lin Yuan: “Take this.”
“……what is this?”
“It's a Microlight computer. It can sense the consciousness of various biological brains. Use it to communicate with Hobby, I gave it to Hobby as a gift."
Caesar handed the computer to Hobby, and Hobby gladly clutched it tightly with his claws.
……. Since Hobby received the gift his master was embarrassed to reject it.
Lin Yuan had to say: “Thank you.”
“It's nothing.” Caesar gently touched Hobby’s ear, seemingly to complement its sensibility. Hobby obediently nodded, as if to say: remember our agreement!
Caesar raised his lips slightly, took back his hand and looked at Lin Yuan, “Well, I won't disturb you again. Good night."
“……Good night.”
Until Caesar turned away, Lin Yuan was still in a state of alert.
Lying on the table, Hobby looked at Caesar's back and secretly raised a claw thumb!
– Prince, you are so good at pretending! Pretending not to know me, pretending not to know my name, even using me as an excuse to give a gift. Your acting is too awesome!
– In the words of mankind, His Royal Highness Prince was simply a universe class actor!
– But why did the master stiffen when he saw the prince?
Hobby looked up at Lin Yuan, and found that the always lively and cheerful teenager, was currently uneasy and strangely pale.
======================================
Chapter 011: A Buggy Nose
Yes, Lin Yuan was really very distraught.
Caesar's strength, Caesar's gaze, as well as his body's strong Alpha aura, caused Lin Yuan’s heart to inexplicably beat out of control. His blood seemed to have suddenly accelerated the speed of flow, his body even had a slight fever. His body's restlessness caused Lin Yuan to feel very uncomfortable.
After going to the bathroom to wash his face with cold water, Lin Yuan turned back to his bed, picked up the communication device and called his mother’s number.
A woman's nervous face soon appeared, Lin Mom anxiously asked: “God! Xiao Yuan! I saw on the news that the pearl was hijacked, are you all right?!”
Lin Yuan smiled: “Rest assured, Marshal Rosen arrived in time to save us!” He also rotated the communication device so that his mother could look at his bedroom, “I'm at school. The school dormitory is very good, and we live in a large apartment, everyone has a separate bedroom."
Mrs. Lin was relieved and said, “Having a separate bedroom is good.”
Lin Yao suddenly came over and said: “Xiao Yuan, your Hobby has vanished, I can't find it anywhere!”
Lin Yuan waved, Hobby quickly ran over, watching Lin sister's shocked face, Hobby proudly waved his claws toward her, as if in greeting.
Lin Yao: “…….”
Lin caught Hobby's waving claws, smiled and said: “Sister, it secretly hid in my box. I took it to school, you can relax."
Lin Yao looked complexly at Hobby, “Well, there it is. Take good care of yourself in school! If anyone bullies you, tell your old sister, I'll come beat them up!"
Lin Yuan laughed: “Rest assured, no one will bully me. Don't forget, I practiced Kung Fu."
Lin Yao thumbs up: “Awesome! Keep up that momentum, if anyone bullies you, don't hesitate to beat them directly!” Lin heard a ding, “My cake is done, I'll go look, you and mom talk!"
“Bye Sis.”
Lin Yao walked away, Mrs. Lin was silent a moment, then pretended to ask casually: “Xiao Yuan, what kind of people are your roommates? Have you seen any Alpha yet?”
Lin Yuan scratched his head and said: “My roommates ……. cough, they're the same as me, Beta……. They're nice."
Mrs. Lin was relieved, “And the medicine, you've been taking it right?”
Lin Yuan: “…….”
Oops! He'd completely forgotten to take them on the spacecraft!
It was no wonder, the pearl spacecraft was hijacked, in a life and death situation who would still remember a “good for the body" pill. And later on because Rosen Marshal appeared he'd gotten too excited, then along the way he was chatting with Snow, so the drug was completely forgotten.
Seeing his mother's dignified expression, Lin Yuan didn't want her worry, so he laughed and said: “Don't worry, I eat it every day."
Mrs. Lin said: “Well, be sure to remember, or your body will have problems!"
Lin Yuan said earnestly: “I know.”
After hanging up the call, Lin Yuan suddenly thought of his unusual reactions these days….is it related to the drug?
At the age of eight, he had such a weird heartbeat and his body also heat up. Today’s reaction was very similar to that time. Over the years he regularly got injections. Dr. Fornt had said his body had no serious illness, but it was special and had regular imbalance in the immune system, so he needed drugs to adjust.
Since this bottle of medicine was given to him by Dr. Fornt and his mother repeatedly told him to eat it every day, it was certainly the same regulation of the immune system medicine ……. right?
Lin Yuan would like to test this guess, so he immediately took out the bottle of medicine and ate a piece.
His body's agitation actually reduced a lot, and the heat filling his body was slowly pressed back. His breathing and heartbeat gradually became regular.
– Forgetting to take the medicine was really the reason.
It seems that these abnormal reactions were his own physical problems, it was not directly related to Caesar's Alpha aura. Lin Yuan was finally relieved. He calmed down, and carefully locked the bottle of medicine in the drawer.
***
When Brian finished his bath it was already seven o’clock, Caesar apparently also took a bath and was finishing his food in the cafeteria.
Caesar was away from home so Queen Anna was not at ease. Afraid he could not get used to things there, she gave him a lot of Cepheus's specialties. Fruit, barbecue, and snacks stuffed a full car that the Royal Guard sent all the way over.
In Caesar's mind, food was only a way to fill his stomach, as long as it wasn't unpalatable there was no need for it to be so extravagant.
However, Queen Anna sent it for him. As her son it wasn't a good idea to refuse, so he could only endure as the royal escort sent the food from Cepheus to Army star, and also watch as the captain of the guard team personally delivered it to his dorm room.
Caesar was impatient to finish the food, seeing Brian out of the bath, he pushed over a big box and said: "Your favorite five star fruit, take it."
Five Star fruit were the specialties in Cepheus's Starfield Star. It was a year-round spring planet that had many wild plants and fruits that can be eaten by humans, one of the most famous was the five-star fruit.
The shape of this fruit was like a five-pointed star, hence the name. Its shell was silvery white, in the moonlight it will emit a touch of fluorescence, and looked just like silver stars hanging on a tree. After stripping the hard shell, it had a sour and sweet taste that was popular with people.
Brian likes to eat it, after he saw the food filled cafeteria he could not help but exclaim: “The Queen is really too much, this is enough to eat for a year!"
He sat down on a stool and bluntly picked up a five-star fruit, peeled it and narrowed his eyes in enjoyment, he looked up at Caesar and said: “But of course she'd worry about you, who let you be her only Alpha son."
His Majesty and Queen Anna were very loving. They gave birth to a lot of royal descendants, but only Caesar was an Alpha, the others were all Omega. Caesar was the fourth prince, he had an Omega brother and two Omega sisters.
Caesar frowned. Brian couldn't help but gossip: “Yes, I heard that your Omega
Wang Xiong
has not been marked yet? What does His Majesty think ah, the big prince is already twenty-four right? You’re not going to get him a date yet?"
Caesar lightly glanced at him, “What, you want to hit him up?”
Brian immediately raised his hand to express his innocence: “No no no, the great prince is waaay too violent, I'm not a masochist I don't like abuse!” Brian paused, smiling he said, “I still like handsome and refined Omega, especially a cold and usually very serious person. They must give off a special feeling in that season!"
Brian’s voice faded when the door opened. A young man dragged in some luggage.
The man's skin was white, his slightly curled
platinum
hair hung by his ear. He had a pair of blue eyes like the washed sky after the rain, long and thick eyelashes gently covered in his eyelids. His white face looked particularly exquisite, but his expression was quite indifferent, revealing that he was hard to approach.
“…” Brian’s eyes brightened!
That’s him! A cold but gentle looking person, someone people couldn't help but want to bully!
Brian immediately stood up and walked in front of the boy. Smiling, he stretched out his hand, gently hugged his shoulder, and said: “Hello classmate, I'm your roommate, my name is Brian. I'm a freshman in the Military Engineering Department, I like to study about all kinds of smart mechs. What is your name? What is your department?"
“…….” The teenager looked at him coldly, “Let go.”
“Whaa?”
Brian did not have time to hear him when the boy suddenly clenched his fist, swing and a punch!
Bang, Brian was directly laid down.
Brian: “…”
Caesar: “…”
Lin Yuan who was opening his computer in his room, suddenly heard a burst of sound from the cafeteria, as if someone was in a fight? Lin doubtfully opened the door and saw Snow standing coldly, frowning, with a fist, and that handsome blonde boy, with a startled face, was climbing up from the ground.
The thick black rim of his eye proved everything.
“You ……. why did you hit me?” Brian put away his smile, clutching his eyes, his tone seemed a little aggrieved.
Snow calmly pulled back his hand and whispered: “I’m sorry, I'm severely obsessed with cleanliness, and I hate human body contact. Please stay away from me, classmate Brian."
“…” Brian was shocked.
Cleanliness? Stay away? Am I something dirty?
Brian had not had time to rebut before the stiff young man pulled the luggage directly around him, and walked to his bedroom. Seeing Lin Yuan, he paused in astonishment.
Lin Yuan's face immediately opened in a bright smile, “Snow, what a coincidence! We actually became roommates!"
Snow's stiff face was a little gentler, he nodded toward Lin and said, “I’ll take a shower first, then I’ll come see you in your bedroom."
Lin excitedly nodded: “Good! We’ll talk later!"
Snow went into his bedroom, turned around and closed the door.
Lin Yuan glanced at the two Alpha roommates in the cafeteria, and also immediately closed the door.
Brian: “…”
Caesar: “…”
What is this feeling of being hated, rejected, and snubbed?
One was the noble prince, one was Bayh General’s only baby son. The two from small to large were pampered by people and were followed by a lot of escorts. This was the first time they suffered this "Despised” treatment.
Caesar and Brian gave each other a complicated look.
After a moment of silence, Brian smiled and touched his nose, “Cough, our two roommates seem to have violent tendencies huh? Three years of military school won't be easy!"
Although the words came out of his mouth, Brian’s eyes were obviously excited, watching Snow’s door, he whispered: “Did you hear? His name is Snow, such a nice name. He really has a face that people just want to bully……. Oh, it's a pity he's a Beta. If he was Omega, estrus sure would be really special……. ”
“I'd shut up if I were you.” Caesar interrupted him, “If Snow hears you, he'll definitely give you another punch.” Then he pointed to Brian’s vibrant black eye.
“…….” Brian rubbed his swollen eyes, shut his mouth, and obediently bowed to eat his five-star fruit.
Caesar looked back at Snow’s door and gently frowned.
– Strange, why, when Snow walked past him, did he once again sense the atmosphere of Omega? Almost the same atmosphere as Lin Yuan?
What is going on with my nose today, I actually had a bug twice in a row? I definitely smelled Omega from both roommates.
Is the new climate too hot, and my body isn't used to it?
Caesar touched his nose with some doubts and decided to give his nose a thorough and comprehensive examination.
==============================
Chapter 012: The Reappearance of the Mysterious Crystal Card
Meanwhile, Cepheus Galaxy, Starfield Planet, the Lacey Empire palace.
The buildings were similar to the ancient Earth era's European churches. There was a staggered arrangement of pure white buildings. A tall building had a carving of the magnificent pentagonal Cepheus galaxy flag, the flag was a space chart of all of Cepheus' stars, flashing and glowing bright. The man-made stars merged with the real distant stars, blending into a vast galaxy.
In the silence of the night the palace stood solemn, from time to time Royal Guards wearing pure white uniforms walked about. In the largest fortress in the depths of the palace a red carpet was extended from the entrance to the depths of the building, leading to an exquisitely carved tall throne. A middle-aged man with deep facial features was sitting on it, holding a miniature light computer, he was looking at the computer with a serious expression.
–
Trent Watson
, Lacey Empire's seventh king.
At this time, a platinum ball suddenly flew in front of Trent, a soft voice jumped out: “Your Majesty, the Royal Bank's President Mr. Lexington sent a confidential video request, do you receive?"
Lexington?
Trent put down the miniature light tablet in his hand, placed his hand gently on the ball and softly said, “Connect online.”
After the fingerprint password verification went through, a virtual projection screen was immediately projected out.
On the screen an old man with a white beard soon appeared, he was the president of the Royal Bank. The man placed his right hand gently over the position of his heart and deeply bowed to His Majesty Trent. He respectfully said: “Your Majesty.”
On the highly realistic projection screen, it was as if the other man was really present in the room.
Trent nodded to him, "What happened?”
Lexington replied cautiously: “Your majesty, you wanted the banking system to fully monitor for appearance of the crystal card. Because the connection was interrupted during the sailing of the spacecraft, the bank only recently received a report on this crystal card.”
The always calm Trent raised his brow, he stood up from the throne and said: “Tell me the details."
Lexington immediately reported the detailed information: “January 5 at 3:11 pm, this crystal card was used in the Pearl 731 spacecraft B cabin, the amount spent was eight crystal coins, the purchase was two boxes of cookies.
“…” Trent was silent for a moment, “Is there a trade video?”
"Yes" Lexington used the network to transmit the video footage. “The crystal card was used in the terminal for the interstellar spacecraft, in the No. 7158 intelligent robot. This is the video of the time, please check, His Majesty."
The video was quickly sent over, Trent opened the video files.
On the spacecraft in a cabin, a black short haired and clear eyed young man was looking at the food list on the robot's chest, scratching his head he asked: “What's delicious?
The voice of the young man sounded very clear. His pair of black eyes looked curiously at the list again, then he put his fingers on the spicy cookies, "I want this.” Then he paid with the card, took out the two boxes of cookies, and smiled toward the robot, “Thank you!”
7158 said: “Thank you, goodbye, I wish you a pleasant journey!"
After the short video was finished Trent was silent for a moment, then he said softly: “Track the details of this person immediately.”
“Yes, sire.”
All those who boarded the spacecraft would be registered with detailed information during the security checks, their respective cabin and seat directly corresponded. The process of trading on the spacecraft was also recorded by the infrared camera installed in the eyes of the intelligent robot, it was one of the means to ensure secure transactions.
It was quite easy to check the information of a passenger on a spacecraft in this era of advanced communications.
Lexington soon found the information and sent it to Trent.
– Lin Yuan, 18 years old, male Beta, from Cigar Galaxy's Rennes Planet.
On January 5th he boarded the pearl 731 spacecraft, on the afternoon of January 18th he exited in Bear Galaxy's Broken Army Planet. Then he reported to San Romia Military Academy for admittance. He is a military department freshmen, tested in with 300 points, full marks.
Trent looked at the information and slightly frowned.
Lexington nervously asked: “His Majesty, this infinite capacity Crystal Card has been missing for 19 years, should the Royal Bank remove its jurisdiction?"
“No.” Trent looked up from the projection at Lexington and softly said, “This has my permission, you don't need to log it out. Continue to monitor this crystal card's consumption records, be ready to report it to me at my request.”
Lexington once again put his right hand on his heart and respectfully bowed towards Trent: “Yes, Your Majesty!”
The communication ended. Trent had just sat back on the throne when the silver ball flashed again.
“Your Majesty, Marshal Rosen has requested a call!”
Trent didn't respond, he just put his hand directly on the fingerprint sensor area.
On the projection screen a portrait of Rosen soon appeared. As usual, his handsome face had no expression, his eyes were calm with no waves. Even when facing the Emperor he was neither overbearing nor humble.
The uniformed man was like a hard rock that had weathered many storms.
Rosen wore a white glove on his right hand. He placed it on the brim of his hat and gave a respectful standard salute to Trent.
– He always gave a military salute to His Majesty, not the expected royal ceremony.
Many years ago, when Trent was still a prince, they studied at San Romia Military Academy. Trent was the most respected senior of Rosen and Ling Yu.
This was the etiquette between soldiers.
Trent’s face slightly warmed, he returned a salute and softly said: “Rosen, are you back?”
“Yes, sire,” replied Rosen "I received the emergency recall order and returned."
This was why the Glory Corps happened to appear near Cigar galaxy. Trent had just given an emergency recall order to the Glory Corps, but he didn't expect Rosen would meet the, in the middle of a hijacking, Vlad on the way back. So he could easily rescue the people on the interstellar spacecraft.
Rosen paused, then asked: “Your Majesty's emergency recall of the Glory Corps, does it pertain to the celebration for the 700th anniversary of the establishment of the Empire?"
Trent nodded and said: “This celebration includes a grand parade. I was afraid the federation would take the opportunity to play in our boarders. With you here I am naturally more assured. Let Bayh supervise the military exercises and armor races. Stay in the capital, after the end of the celebration you can go back."
Rosen nodded, "Yes.”
Silent for a moment, Trent finally said: “It's late, first go home to rest. After three days I'll summon you to the palace with the other generals. We'll have a detailed discussion of the military exercises."
Rosen gave a salute and whispered: “Yes, sire.”
The man was handsome and indifferent, his saluting posture was so meticulous it could be used as the military students' teaching material. His eyes were cold and lifeless since the year Ling Yu left. He became like this, face expressionless, like a mobile robot.
Trent deeply looked at him, retracted his hand and cut off the video call.
*****
Outside the window was the stars in the night sky, and an occasional falling star. They dotted the dark night.
In the long cosmic migration, shooting stars have become one of the most common occurrences. Even common people were very clear on the conditions for the formation of meteor showers. Scientists could even create meteor showers, but there were still some old people who remembered the ancient legends about meteors.
Like Ling Yu. He always believed that a meteor fall was the symbol of a person’s passing. Human life was like a meteor, bright one moment then quickly disappearing in the vast universe.
Rosen had explained to him in detail: “A meteor fall is the result of cosmic dust and meteors burning up in the atmosphere because of intense friction, resulting in a streak.”
Ling Yu had waved his hand in disdain and said: “That's just how it is formed. You're too much of a mechanical and scientific person. You won't understand the meaning of the legend."
Rosen: “…”
At that time, they were studying together in the military academy, their constant quarreling gradually turned into a strong friendship.
As their senior, Trent saw the two men as little brothers.
If Ling Yu wasn't an Omega, if the army hadn't sent the Night Corps to attack the Nami Star, if Ling Yu's inhibitor didn't suddenly fail on the battlefield ……. that wouldn't have happened, Rosen wouldn't have become an imitation of an emotionless zombie.
For many years he repeatedly suggested marriage to Rosen, but every time he refused on the grounds of being busy with the war. Trent knew that Rosen had set up a tombstone in his garden, and that his heart was buried underneath it.
Trent frowned when he remembered the boy in the video.
That young boy's hair was black as ink, he had a pair of big clear eyes, and the smile on his face was sunny. He gave off a lively and warm feeling.
– Lin Yuan.
He meditated on the name a bit, then turned to the smart communicator. He put his hand on the sensor and commanded: “Immediately connect to Prince Caesar's communication device. I have something to say to him."
“Yes, your Majesty!” The communicator began to spin, waiting for connection.
San Romia Military Academy, student dormitory A13.
Caesar, who was finishing his dinner, suddenly received a communication request from the royal palace. There was a familiar fifteen character alphanumeric request code… that was the special communication code belonging to His Majesty.
Caesar immediately put down the plate and returned to his bedroom. He locked the door, pulled the thick shade curtains, and opened the communicator.
A familiar man appeared on the projection screen, Caesar respectfully asked: “Father? You want to see me?”
Trent calmly replied: "This is your first time out of the palace. How's military school, are you used to it?"
Caesar said, “It's Okay.”
Trent was silent for a moment, then he asked: “Caesar, your classmates, is there a man named Lin Yuan?"
Caesar nodded: “Yes, he is my roommate.”
“His grades were the same as yours. It must not have been easy for him as a child from a civilian family. It's clear that he is a very talented and hard-working person,” Trent paused, then softly said, “Get along with him, I think there's a lot you can learn from him."
“…….” Although his heart was very puzzled Caesar still nodded earnestly.
Trent continued: “Also, don't use your prince identity to bully your classmates. I don't want to hear any negative news from the principal. You're my Alpha son, so study seriously and come up with the best results. Don't make me disappointed."
Caesar immediately placed his right hand over his heart and respectfully saluted: “Yes, father.”
After the call ended, Caesar still had some doubts.
Father specifically mentioned Lin Yuan, was Lin Yuan’s potential so great that even his father was impressed? Did he want to recruit him for the empire in the future, or for a personal guard, so he specially instructed him to keep a good relationship with Lin Yuan?
Of course, even if his father didn't instruct it, Caesar would still try to be friendly with his roommate. After all, they'll live in the dormitory for three years, if their relationship was bad no one would benefit.
The problem was not that he wanted to rely on his identity to bully Lin Yuan, but that Lin Yuan was dodging him.
Thinking of the boy's full bodied small hedgehog look and alert eyes, Caesar always felt very puzzled – he doesn't remember doing anything to offend Lin Yuan? So why did he always look at him like he could attack him at any moment?
Whatever the reason, this rigid relationship should definitely be improved.
Lin Yuan, Snow ……. two hostile guys living in the dormitory wouldn't be enjoyable.
Thinking of this, Caesar turned back to the cafeteria, took a few five-star fruits and walked to Lin Yuan's bedroom door. He gently knocked and probed: “Lin Yuan, you in?"
Lin Yuan was holding Hobby while watching a movie, when he heard the familiar voice he couldn't help but frown again.
– Why is this guy knocking on my door again?
– What an annoying roommate! I haven't provoked you, why do you always come to provoke me?!
Lin Yu paused the video, got up and slightly opened the door: “What’s the matter?”
The handsome boy showed a friendly smile, "Want some fruit?”
“…….” Lin Yuan glanced at the five-pointed star shaped things in his hands. He stiffly asked, “This is ……. what is it?"
Caesar smiled and explained: “This is called a five-star fruit, it's the specialty of Starfield Planet. I brought a lot with me, try some.” Caesar looked at Hobby cuddled in Lin Yuan's arms and added, "Hobby should also like this fruit."
Hobby immediately nodded his head, grabbed one from Caesar's hands and tightly gripped it in his paws.
“…”
Hobby the betrayer once again succeeded in inviting the prince to his master’s bedroom.
=====================================
Chapter 013: Plan To Get Along With Your Roommates
Lin Yuan doesn't particularly hate Caesar.
On the contrary, Caesar was very handsome, had an elegant smile, he doesn't look down on others, he's a peacemaker, and brought food. Even if Lin Yuan felt uncomfortable, it's not good to slam the door on people.
Lin Yuan's initial resistance to Caesar was completely because of his strange body reaction making him feel very uncomfortable. But after eating the tablet, his body has returned to normal, Caesar's strong Alpha aura shouldn't cause too much Impact. It's just… looking at his deep eyes made Lin Yuan feel uncomfortable again.
Lin Yuan invited Caesar into his bedroom, pointed to the stool and said: "Sit here."
Caesar sat down on the stool, placed the five-star fruit on the table, and looked at Lin Yuan: "Wanna try some?"
Lin Yuan scratched his head: "Ah …….”
He's always had a big appetite since childhood, as a child, he habitually stole Lin Yao's cakes, and got beaten to a pulp whenever she caught him. Looking at this strange fruit, Lin Yuan was naturally very curious, he cautiously walked to Caesar, picked up a five-star fruit and asked: "How do you eat it?"
Caesar smiled and took the fruit from his hand. “I'll teach you.”
The boy's slender fingers moved to the middle of the five-star fruit and he pulled gently, the hard silver shell immediately spilt with a small hole, Caesar gave the fruit back to Lin Yuan: "Peel the shell from here, then eat the flesh inside."
“Oh.” Lin Yuan took over, carefully stripped the shell halfway and stuck out his tongue to taste a bit. The sweet and sour taste suddenly filled his mouth, it almost tasted like his favorite fruit, strawberry, but it was more cool and delicious than strawberries.
“……. It's nice!” Lin Yuan made an evaluation of the taste then finished the fruit. Then he picked up another, peeled it and ate. And then he picked up another one, and quickly swallowed it.
One, two, three, four…
Caesar: “…”
Why does this guy eat like a squirrel?
Hobby: “…”
The master forgot to leave one for me!
Five-star fruit are only the size of a child's palm, for the foodie Lin Yuan, all the fruit was just enough for one serving. Lin Yuan ignored Hobby and Caesar's complex eyes, and finished off all the fruit. He held himself back from licking his lips and looked at Caesar: “This fruit is Cepheus' specialty? I've never seen it before. ”
Caesar nodded and said: “This fruit only grows in Starfield Planet. The fruit trees are silver and white, and the five-star fruit glows at night, so it looks like the tree is covered with stars."
Lin Yuan was curious: “That sounds cool, I wanna see it.”
“There may be a chance in the future.” Caesar paused, “Right, I still have a lot of specialty products from Cepheus, you interested?"
“…..There's more?”
Looking at the boy’s shiny eyes, Caesar couldn't help but smile: “Come on, see for yourself."
He suddenly felt that Queen Anna's food meddling was good judgement.
For example, when persuading a 'foodie', a thousand words are not as effective as a few fruit.
Caesar took Lin Yuan to the dining room. Brian was eating dinner, his black eye looked very bleak. When he saw Lin Yuan, he smiled and waved: “Heya roomie! I didn't introduce myself right? My name is Brian, a Military Engineering student … oh right, sorry I rubbed your hair last time. It's just because you look like my…”
“Cough.” Caesar quickly coughed and gave Brian a meaningful glance.
Brian immediately swallowed his 'my clumsy pet bear' and cleverly changed it to: “You look like my cousin! I felt really close to you when I saw you!”
Caesar: “…”
He always knew that Brian didn't have the word 'tact' in his vocabulary.
“Hello.” Lin Yuan stretched out his hand and shook Brian's hand, smiled and said, “I'm Lin Yuan."
Brian had just petted his head and Lin Yuan had immediately punched at him. His body was in some weird state, so he'd instinctively feared being close to Alphas and had overreacted.
Now in retrospect, Lin Yuan also felt very embarrassed. Brian had just touched his head, it was probably only playfulness. Since they were roommates and had to live together for three years, Lin Yuan didn't want to make their relationship too stiff.
Lin Yuan smiled a 'let bygones be bygones' smile to Brian
Fortunately, Brian didn't hold a grudge, he wore Snow's hand delivered black eye and continued cheerfully eating.
Caesar pulled a stool out for Lin Yuan and pointed to the pile of food on the table: “These are the specialty foods my parents sent, I can't eat them all by myself. All the kitchen cabinets are filled, everyone can take what they like."
“…….” Lin looked at all the strange foods and gulped.
Hobby happily stretched out his claws and immediately grabbed a box of his favorite cheese.
Lin Yuan felt mortified by Hobby’s boldness. Fortunately, Caesar didn't mind, he gently touched Hobby's ear and said: “This is Gera's favorite cheese. There's a lot here so feel free to take as much as you like."
Lin Yuan looked at Hobby, who was tearing away at the cheese's packaging, then gave Caesar an embarrassed smiled: “Thank you."
Caesar smiled and said: “We're roommates from now on, we don't have to be so polite with each other.”
Lin Yuan suddenly felt that Caesar's smile looked more charming than before?
But he was right, they're roommates, although he didn't want to offend these pure blooded Alpha, Caesar and Brian's temperaments were good, they weren't arrogant and domineering, so …….
So it's okay to get along with them and become friends, right?
Thinking of this, Lin Yuan was relieved, he didn't need to walk on eggshells around these Alphas. So Lin Yuan bluntly picked up some interesting looking foods off the table, looked up and smiled: “Then I won't be so polite ah!”
Caesar said, “You're welcome. Don't hesitate to take more.”
Lin Yuan happily embraced a large pile of food and walked back to his bedroom.
When his back disappeared behind the door, Brian lowered his voice and meaningfully asked: “Hey, Caesar, why are you suddenly so good to him? Trying to buy him with food?"
Caesar glanced at Brian's black eye, "Because I don't want to be beaten every day ah."
Brian: “………………”
Caesar smiled, and pointed to Snow's room door: “Since you'll live together for three years, don't you think you need to improve your relationship with your roommate?
Brian: “………………”
Three minutes later, Brian was holding a box of five-star fruit and gently knocking on Snow's door, he smiled and said: “Snow, you in? Do you want some fruit? These are five-star fruits from my hometown, I brought some for you to try!"
The door opened.
Brian froze.
Snow had obviously just taken a bath, his
platinum
hair gently dropped by his ears, his hair was still dripping wet, his slender body was wrapped in a bathrobe and a slice of his smooth white skin was exposed. Some water dropped from his hair and ran down his delicate collarbone, sliding down towards his …….
Brian stared blankly at Snow.
Snow looked at the five-star fruit and said lightly: “I don't like this fruit, too sweet, thank you."
The door gently closed.
“…….” Brian touched his nose and walked frustratedly back to the dining room, he looked at Caesar and grumbled: “Why does he hate me so much? I swear I saw a look of despise. The look in his eyes says he wishes I am at least three meters away from him at all times!"
Caesar calmly said, "Didn’t he tell you this when he punched you? It's because he’s a neat freak."
“…….” Caesar’s words directly stabbed Brian. The 'dirty' Brian suffered a heavy blow and gloomily turned back to his bedroom.
You're avoiding me cause I’m dirty, right?
Well then! Snow!
Someday I’ll take you…
That’s it … then that way…
He thought of the cold-faced boy being overwhelmed, tightly clinging on to him, his red face desperately panting, crying, begging for release… Brian couldn't help but smile smugly.
After a moment, Brian’s smile suddenly stiffened!
Wait a minute!
This fantasy seems to be a bit lewd?
Oh my god! Why would he have such dangerous thoughts about a Beta boy? He must've eaten too many fruits so his brain was suddenly poisoned?
*****
So, Brian's inexplicable idea made his sleep restless.
A naked and ravaged Snow even appeared in his dreams, his cold face was blushing as he tightly held him, breathlessly calling his name, he was simply ……. way too tempting!Brian eagerly kissed the other man's body, leaving countless kiss marks on the man's white skin, he also lewdly thought: A blushing Snow looks way too good, his body is also super good, his waist is slim, and his legs are straight and long…
At the end of the dream, Snow suddenly clenched his fist and heartlessly punched Brian's face, he coldly said: "Classmate Brian, I'm a neat freak, please stay away from me."
Brian: “…”
The awakened Brian clutched his still sore eyes and ran to the bathroom for a cold shower, exterminating his desires. Then, with a gloomy expression like the world was ending, he sat on the end of his bed and bowed his head.
– Damn, I actually had a wet dream, and it was about my new roommate!
– Is the world actually ending?
After a long while, Brian fiddled with the sky blue watch on his wrist, pressed a small button and whispered: "Little Blue, come out!”
“…”
“Come out! Do you want me to use you for scrap?”
“…”
That aperture finally lit up and reluctantly became a smart robot a head taller than Brian. He hung his head and softly said: “Can you change my name…….”
Don't you think 'Little Blue' as a name for a huge machine armor is unfortunate?
Brian raised an eyebrow, "Why are you dissatisfied? You were my debut robot, I racked my brain to give you such a nice name!"
“…”
Is 'Little Blue' nice? Isn't it because my whole body is blue, so you called me Little Blue?
Brian’s second armor was red and called Little Red. The third was yellow, called Little Yellow. The fourth was black and white ……. called Zebra.
Even as an emotionless machine, he really wanted to cry in sympathy for his brothers. Compared to His Majesty Trent's Lion King, Marshal Rosen's Black Dragon, General Lin Yu's
Suzaku
… Little Red, Little Blue and Little Yellow as armor names is too disgraceful!
In the middle of a fight, the fighters begin to summon their mech, then you hear one loudly shout: “Come out Little Blue!”
… Wouldn't you burst into laughter?
Although he was only a D-class mech, and because Brian was only 13 when he made him, he was low level and had obvious flaws, so he can't be used for fights and could only stay with Brian as a smart robot (aka Full-time nanny). But Little Blue felt that with such a master, he really wanted to hold his armor brothers and weep!
Brian didn't care about his armor's inner turmoil, he smiled and said: “I'm going to become the Empire's greatest mech maker, as the first robot I personally crafted, you should feel honored!” Brain glanced at the laser wrench by his bedside, "If it's so bad I can always dismantle you."
“…” Little Blue obediently bowed his head: “Master, is there something you need me for?”
Brian touched his nose and said a little sheepishly: “Cough, I need some statistics. What are the probabilities of an Alpha male falling in love with a Beta male at first sight."
Little Blue's CPU immediately began to gather statistics, he announced the results: “Master, the probability is as low as an impossible event, the exact probability is 0.00001%."
Brian was relieved, he immediately gave a relaxed smile, “Oh, good, with such a low probability it clearly can't have happened to me. K' then, back to sleep. You can go back in."
“…”
“By the way, help me with this damn black eye.”
“…”
The black-eye less Brian went back to sleep, finally in a good mood, and had a dream-less sleep.
When he woke up the next day he bathed and walked out the door, and met Snow exiting his bedroom.
Snow was wearing dark blue trousers today, his pants wrapped his straight legs. He also wore a simple white shirt, an open button revealed his white neck. His shirt was tucked into his trousers, and his waist was tied with a black belt, making his slender and symmetrical body look flawless.
Snow was holding on to the white coat medical students need to wear. Even such a simple shirt and dress pants outfit could make Brian’s eyes light up.
Really … really nice…
Although he was a little thin, his slender waist and long legs make anything he wears look nice ah!
When Snow looked at him, Brian couldn't help blushing a bit after recalling last night’s dream. He scratched his golden hair, smiled and said: “Snow ……. you're up early?”
Snow walked by him, stopped and looked up, then quietly said: "It's 7:50, almost late."
And then he walked past Brian, turned and walked out the door.
“…”
Brian looked down at the time…
I'm really late!
Brain had to skip breakfast and hurriedly put on his uniform.
Disguised as a watch on his wrist, Little Blue couldn't help but be puzzled: “Should I tell master, the moment he saw Snow, his heart rate suddenly accelerated greatly?"
……. Uh, forget it, maybe the master's heart rate is like his IQ- abnormal.
—————————————————–
Chapter 14: Military Academy Training
Brian hastily changed into his uniform and reported to the engineering school building. At the same time, Lin Yuan and Caesar arrived at the military command department's new student venue.
Caesar was wearing a dark blue uniform, his slender and upright stature, angular and handsome appearance, as well as his pure blooded Alpha aura soon attracted the attention of the other students.
His uniformed look plus his upright walk really showed the inspiring temperament of a solider.
And Lin Yuan, who was walking by his side and wearing the same uniform, had a completely different style.
A clear-eyed Asian teenager, only 5ft 8- a height that was relatively short in the military- and he was also much thinner. But strangely, with his bright smile, he actually didn't seem inferior walking next to Caesar's strong atmosphere.
The boy's smile was full of the vitality of an 18-year-old youth, optimistic and vibrant, full of morale, as if there were no problems that could knock him down.
When the two men arrived at the rendezvous point, the students were gathering and chatting in pairs of twos and threes.
Yesterday, everyone had received a general report about the list of 50 students in the class. Half of the class' students were Alpha and the other half were Beta. The total population only had 15% Alpha, yet 50% of the military command section were Alpha. This was because San Romia Military Academy had too many noble children and descendants of military families. If this was a general university, it was rare for a class to have more than four or five Alpha.
It was ten minutes to eight o’clock, Lin Yuan found a corner to stand and bowed to tidy his uniform.
The students’ uniform at San Romia Military Academy was dark blue, the boots and belts were pure black, and their silver cap was printed with wings of an eagle. As students of the military academy, they were less than regular soldiers, so there was only one small Silver Star on their shoulder. After graduation, if they have good results, they could be upgraded to second lieutenant, and assigned to a small platoon…….
Like Rosen, after graduation he was promoted to major, three years to colonel, and in ten years he become Commander-in-chief. In the entire history of San Romia military academy, his promotion speed was unique. So Lin Yuan really admired that man, he even put him as his idol and his goal.
Although it was impossible for a Beta to reach the height of Marshal Rosen, he wanted his goal to be a little challenging. If his goal was only a lieutenant, it would be too boring.
Lin Yuan was thoughtfully sorting out his uniform cuffs when a tall boy suddenly stopped in front of him, he raised his eyebrows at Lin Yuan and coldly said: “Hey, are you the Lin Yuan that scored 300 points?”
After over-hearing this, the surrounding students immediately stared at Lin Yuan.
Lin Yuan looked up to the pair of dark red eyes.
The boy must be an unknown half-breed offspring, he was tall and had bronze skin, a pair of red eye pupils, and at the moment, his pair of red eyes were staring at Lin Yuan, full of disdain.
The boy looked up and down at the half a head shorter black haired boy, then slightly raised his chin, folded his arms and said: “I thought you were an Alpha, but incredibly, you were a Beta ah?"
Lin nodded: “Ay, I'm a Beta.”
The boy coldly asked, “Where are you from?”
Lin said: “Rennes planet.”
The boy raised his eyebrows: “Rennes planet…. that's that desolate planet where even plants can't grow cause it's so cold?"
Lin Yuan nodded and said: “Yeah, but the snow is very beautiful. If you're ever free to visit it, I'll be your tour guide."
Boy: “…”
Lin Yuan stretched out his hand toward the boy and gave him as friendly smile: “I'm Lin Yuan, you?"
Boy: “…”
Can’t you see I’m here to pick a fight?
Lin Yuan ignored the boy's fierce stare and continued smiling at him, his hand stayed out-stretched in place.
Under the students' variety of complex stares, the red eyed boy finally felt a bit embarrassed and reached out to grip Lin Yuan's hand, then stiffly said: “I'm ……. I'm Baker."
Lin Yuan gave a pure and harmless laugh: “Oh, Baker. Nice to meet you."
“Uh uh…….” Baker beat a speedy retreat.
Lin Yuan pulled his hand back to his side and continued calmly tidying up his uniform.
But his heart couldn't help but think, Baker…….
Shell
! That's an easy name to remember! Tall and big, but unfortunately, his IQ seems to be inversely proportional to his body. First day in school and he tried to provoke a man he knows nothing about, if he kicked an iron plate, wouldn't he be miserable?
Fortunately, Lin Yuan's family background was simple and he wasn't one to hold grudges, plus, he was too lazy to bother with bullies.
This class' pure blooded Alpha population was too much, obviously some may be royal family or descendants of Generals, who knows who you could accidentally provoke. Shell was clearly a muscled and simple-minded guy, not to mention he was a Beta. His simple thought process was hard to understand, but he'd caused Lin Yuan to attract the crowd's gazes.
Feeling the gaggle of eyes pointing at him, Lin Yuan had no choice but to pretend to fix his uniform.
At eight o'clock, a tall woman, wearing a pure black dress uniform, her short hair completely covered by the cap, stepped out valiantly in her military boots. She stopped in front of the students, her sharp eyes swept the audience, then she loudly said: "Line-up according to student number!”
The fifty people immediately consciously arranged in a row by their student number.
Lin Yuan’s school number was 59800049, Caesar's was 59800050, they were next to each other.
Seeing them quickly organize themselves, the woman gave a satisfied nod and said: “I'll first introduce myself. I'm Irene, your class teacher, you can call me Instructor Irene for these three years. I will be supervising you fifty students, of course, if you have any learning or life difficulties, you can come to me!"
“I need to tell you all that the command section has a very strict elimination system. If you want to stay in the command section for a smooth graduation, you must be qualified in each of your courses! The qualification line is 80 points. At the end of each school year, students who do not qualify on the assessments will need to repeat!”
Irene finished speaking and a burst of discussion noises sounded.
“Did I hear it right? 80 points to qualify?”
“There's no mistake ah? What a messed up system!”
Student Baker bravely raised his hand and asked: "Instructor! How many points is the full score? Is it 150 points?"
Irene frowned: "Out of 100 points, 80 points to qualify, is there a problem?"
Everyone: “……………………”
Irene coldly surveyed the crowd, “Remember, you are military command students, in the future, it's assumed that you'll have very important command responsibility! Whether you're commanding a small warship, a pioneer battalion, or a whole army, as a commander, one of your mistakes will likely cause all of your men to die along with you! Therefore, every course is at least 80 points to pass. This is the school's most basic requirements, your goal should be to get full scores every time! In this year’s military admissions test, your class had two students who got full scores! I believe that as long as you work hard, passing the tests will not be a problem. I also believe that among you 50 students, a future General for the Imperial Army will appear!"
Irene paused, looked at the young people, and said: "Tell me, do you have confidence?"
“……I have!”
“Louder!”
“I have!”
Irene's words inspired the hot-blooded young people, sweeping away their haze and pumping them up.
Irene nodded her head, "Excellent! Every General started as regular soldiers, so, starting today, you will formally become part of the imperial army. First lesson, learn a military officer’s posture!”
Irene's eyes quickly swept the queue of 50 students, “59800049, 59800050, out!”
– She'd called out Lin Yuan and Caesar.
*****
Lin Yuan and Caesar walked side by side to the front of the queue.
Irene looked at the two and said: “You two students' standing posture was very standard. Stand in front of the queue and give the students a demonstration!"
“Yes, Instructor!”
They stood together, Caesar, tall and straight, he indeed had the momentum of the military. Lin Yuan, although a head shorter, also stood upright under the sun's irradiation.
Irene walked behind the two, then walked back to the students and said: “Like the two students, look up, chest, abdomen, hands and fingers close, the middle finger close to the seam of your pants. The standard military standing posture!"
Irene talked while inspecting the queue.
“Afterwards, no matter who you're with, as long as you're wearing this uniform, stand upright. That is the soldier's most basic posture! Use your spirit, don't stand like a wet noodle!”
Irene walked the queue from the beginning to the end, bluntly adjusting any poor postures.
Under the strict teacher, fifty people soon stood like a row of evenly spaced straight, neat flagpoles.
Irene nodded with satisfaction, and said, “Good, stand like that while I talk. I won't repeat myself, so pay attention!"
“First, all professional students, starting from this afternoon, need a month of military training. All the military training instructors will teach you military etiquette, rules and regulations. There will be an assessment at the end, I hope you seriously study, don't slack off!”
“Second, I will send a card to each person as your proof of identity. Your monthly living allowance, the various competition prizes and annual scholarships will be bound to this card. This card can be used for shopping and consumption. It can also be used to take out library books and a variety of equipment rental, please carefully keep it!"
“Third, in three months our Emperor will set up the 700th anniversary celebration of Cepheus galaxy's founding. Starfield Planet will carry out a large-scale celebration. This year’s top 10 students in the machine armor fighting competition can represent the school in Starfield and participate in the National Finals. They will also have the opportunity to personally meet His Majesty Trent! 10 places, I hope you can try to win them!"
“At two o’clock this afternoon, the Central Hall will hold the military oath ceremony, every student must attend!”
“All right, here's the final announcement. Since this is your first standing practice…” Irene looked down at her watch and calmly said: "Stand for at least an hour!”
Time ticked along, ten minutes, half an hour, an hour……
The group of people stood quietly, after the initial boldness, their faces gradually grew restless.
The weather on Army Star was very hot, and today was an excellent sunny day. The rays of the sun went uninterrupted and made everyone feel like they were in a huge stove.
Lin Yuan was sweating furiously, his leg muscles gradually stiffened. He took a deep breath to adjust his heartbeat, and glanced out the corner of his eye to the boy standing behind him. Caesar still looked easy going, as if he was lying on the sofa watching TV instead of in the military posture.
“…….” Lin Yuan clenched his teeth and continued to stick his spine straight.
Suddenly a girl's shocked voice shouted: "Instructor, someone fainted!”
The dizzy one was a Beta girl, her physique wasn't the best and the continuous stand finally tired her out. She paled and directly went down. Irene arranged two robotic assistants to send the girl to the infirmary, walked back to the queue and said: “I'm just testing your endurance, don't force yourself! If you're tired, go back to the pavilion to rest!"
Her voice faded and a Beta left, dejected, and sat down in the pavilion, he was quickly followed by another Beta. Obviously, an hour of exposure under the sun made many people reach their physical limit.
Gradually, almost all the Beta left, even a lot of Alpha couldn't hold on.
Irene glanced at the time, it's been a full hour and a half.
And that number 49, small Beta Lin Yuan, was actually still there, standing motionlessly.
The boy's spine was very straight and his black eyes were full of firmness and self-confidence. His heart seemed to have a strange belief, as long as he had faith in himself, he would never retreat.
As a Beta, his natural gene will never be as excellent as an Alpha's, his physical abilities will be less than an Alpha's, but he was relying on this belief to force himself to support his body.
Irene thoughtfully looked at the boy's black hair.
This child … is also an Asian descendent…
One of the students who got full marks on the examination, was actually a Beta…….
Lin Yuan and Caesar stood in front of the class, so they didn't know about the situation behind them. Lin Yuan couldn't see that after the people had left the queue, only five Alpha were left!
Lin Yuan’s head was in a completely blank state at the moment.
He felt dizzy, was pouring sweat and his heartbeat was becoming faster and faster. His chest felt like a heavy stone was pressing on it, every breath was becoming extremely difficult. His lips were cracked, his throat was too dry ….
… I can't lose to Caesar!
Caesar was his roommate, they'd been called to the front by the instructor to give a demonstration. Caesar’s expression looked so easy, if he admitted defeat, everyone in the dormitory would look down on him. Moreover, as a soldier, standing still should be simple, he must insist!
With this simple idea, Lin Yuan persisted to his present condition. He had no idea that his performance had already made several Alpha clench their teeth.
– This little Beta, is simply a Beta monster!
He's been standing for so long but still won't admit defeat, as Alpha, how can they give up to a Beta?
So, while the four Alpha behind were gnashing their teeth at him, Lin Yuan continued to stand. An Alpha named Karl thoughtfully looked at the 5ft 8 young man and slightly smiled.
After an unknown amount of time, Lin Yuan felt that he was approaching his limit. He began to see black spots, his head was buzzing, and his legs were gently trembling.
At this time, Caesar suddenly looked at Lin Yuan, then decisively turned and withdrew from the competition.
“…”
Hey? Did he withdraw?
Lin Yuan looked to his side, puzzled.
Caesar really had left.
Since Caesar went back, Lin Yuan also didn't need to try to be brave, he directly turned and walked to the pavilion.
His physical fitness was clearly at its limit, and his heart was almost bursting. He was soaked wet and his white skin was flushed. The view in front of him constantly shook, and his legs were stiff, as if they were not his legs. Every step was like stepping on cotton…….
Lin Yuan took a deep breath and pushed himself to slowly walk to the pavilion, found a step to sit down on, and opened his mouth to gulp down air desperately.
Suddenly, a hand stretched out to him, slender fingers holding a bottle of water.
Lin Yuan raised his head and met Caesar's deep eyes.
The boy's mood seemed to be a bit complicated, he looked deeply at Lin Yuan and softly said: “……. Here…for you."
Caesar handed the water to Lin Yuan, then sat down next to him.
Lin Yuan was terribly thirsty, his throat felt like it was on fire, so he didn't hesitate to take the water and drink a few mouthfuls. He licked his lips and found a sweet taste, the water should have added nutrients. After a lot of sweating, this water would ensure that the body stayed in metabolic balance.
Half a bottle of water later, his body finally felt much better. The dull feeling on his chest gradually disappeared, and breathing became easier.
Lin Yuan felt very touched by his roommate's thoughtfulness, he looked back to Caesar and said: “Thank you."
“No problem.” Caesar saw the boy’s sparkling eyes then looked away, he mumbled: “….Dummy.”
“…….” Lin Yuan drank the rest of water and pondered: What did Caesar just say? Idiot? Who is he scolding?
——————————————————
Chapter 015: Karl
Caesar, of course, was calling Lin Yuan an idiot. As a Beta, he'd actually tried to compete with an Alpha in physical fitness, even putting on a "If you don't quit, I won't quit” posture. When Caesar saw that he was about to pass out, he could only withdraw from the competition.
Thinking of this, Caesar couldn't help but glance back at the young man –
The boy's white skin was tanned red, because of the excessive sweat, his military uniform was tightly attached to his body, making his body look thinner. His waist looked like it could be circled by a single arm, his black ink like hair clung wetly to his ear, and his clear black eyes shined like a starry night.
Caesar couldn't help but admire the guy’s perseverance in his heart, but he just quietly changed topic: “Lin Yuan, in the military entrance exam, how did you get full marks?"
He'd always wanted to ask this question. Every year, the exam had two theoretical exams, it wasn't strange to memorize all the topic points. But there were also practical exams, including exams testing basic intelligent armor control, simulating piloting miniature warships, virtual combat training in three events, all on the exam's dedicated network.
It's not easy to get a full score on so many diverse subjects.
So, when Caesar had learned that this year's Command Department had a guy named Lin Yuan who'd also scored full marks, he was very surprised. He'd thought that Lin Yuan was from a military family, he didn't expect he was a civilian born in the desolate Cigar galaxy, and also a Beta – it was too incredible.
After hearing Caesar's question, Lin Yuan scratched his head, embarrassed. He leaned over to Caesar’s ear and whispered: “Actually, on the theory test, there were two questions I didn't know the answer to, so I just guessed them. Then they turned out to be correct."
“…….” Caesar looked at the sincerity in his eyes, then helplessly asked: “And the practical exam?"
Lin Yuan smiled: "The practical exam wasn't difficult. Armor operation only tested C-class mech and I usually play a battle simulator online, so it was easy to pass. The piloting was similar, I dedicated a month in online training for those tests. As for the final tactical exam…….” Lin Yuan tilted his head and thought,” This year's test was to sneak a pioneer battalion into an enemy camp. I first sent in a reconnaissance ship to monitor, found that they were staging an ambush, so I made them try to detour, but it turned out to be an ambush ring, trying to sneak in would lead to annihilation. Obviously, this was a deliberate trap set by the examiner. Since going in would lead to death, I ordered my troops to withdraw."
Lin Yuan said with excitement: "I didn't expect that doing that would get me a full score.”
Caesar: “…”
Looking at the boy's happiness, Caesar couldn't help but feel some complex emotions.
The purpose of the test was to examine the candidate’s ability to observe and critical decision-making ability. Destroying the enemy camp wasn't the purpose of the test, it was to accurately determine the pros and cons of the situation and calculate the chances of successful infiltration. A quick retreat to avoid unnecessary solider death would get you a full mark.
This guy…
Was this self-defeating good luck, or natural military talent?
Caesar suddenly felt more interested in the young man beside him.
What a weird Beta!
After standing for so long, most of the students were wet noodles, lying down weakly, yet after drinking a bottle of water to restore his physical strength, Lin Yuan had immediately become vibrant again, his big black eyes were shiny, his mouth was curved up ……. his appearance made people ……. not want to look away.
Caesar stared at Lin Yuan.
Lin Yuan was bewildered by his staring, he scratched his head, puzzled, then turned his head away.
At this time, a tall boy suddenly walked over, looked at Lin Yuan, smiled and reached out his hand: “You're called Lin Yuan, right? I'm Karl."
The boy named Karl had a pair of light blue eyes and long, flowing platinum blonde hair tied in braid. The handsome boy didn't look like a righteous soldier in his military uniform, but like a celebrity, and he looked very gentlemanly when he smiled.
This boy was also an Alpha, but the usual oppressive Alpha aura was very light on his body, obviously, in order not to pressure others, he'd deliberately converged his pheromones, and had on a very friendly and cordial smile.
Lin Yuan was touched by his smile, he couldn't help but reach out and shake his hand: “Hello."
Karl withdrew his hand and sat down next to Lin Yuan, he spoke softly, “Is your hometown in Rennes? I have an uncle over there.”
Lin Yuan was surprised: "For real? Is your uncle a soldier?"
Planet Rennes didn't have much aboriginal residents, most of the residents were soldiers and miners sent to mine and monitor the mining of resources. Karl was elegant, and his speech was very aristocratic, so his uncle should be a military officer on Rennes.
Lin Yuan was thinking this, but Karl softly said: “No, my uncle is a doctor, he's called Fornt."
Lin Yuan's eyes widened in shock, “Really? Dr. Fornt?!”
Karl nodded and looked at Lin Yuan in surprise, "Yeah? Do you know him?"
Lin Yuan immediately nodded, excited: “Of course I know him! Dr. Fornt lives next door to us!”
“Really? What a coincidence. I haven’t seen him for a long time, is he okay?”
“He's in good health, he even insists on running 5 miles every morning. He also opened up a private hospital."
“… Sounds good,” Karl smiled, "This holiday, my parents and I planned to go visit Uncle Fornt, when we go, can I visit you?"
Lin Yuan immediately bumped his chest and said: “No problem, come to my house to play. I'll be your tour guide."
The two people began to chat eagerly.
About the snow on Rennes planet, about Dr. Fornt's activities, and even about Dr. Fornt's pet puppy.
Caesar listened to their chatting, slightly frowning.
Lin Yuan met this guy named Karl and just left him hanging. Although, after meeting a "nephew of an acquaintance”, it's normal to have more familiar topics to chat about, but ……. What is this feeling of discomfort?
Caesar felt inexpiably gloomy!
Because of his unhappiness, Caesar’s expression was serious as he coldly sat next to Lin Yuan, silent.
Karl was undoubtedly a very talkative person and Lin Yuan didn't feel any pressure chatting with him. When the topic was about to go into his childhood, Lin Yuan suddenly remembered that he had someone else sitting with him……. his roommate.
They were the only three people in the corner, and he was chatting with Karl happily while he'd left Caesar hanging. Not good. Lin Yuan quickly smiled, pointed to his cold faced roommate and said: “Right, let me introduce you two. This is my roommate, he's also in the Command Department."
Karl looked at Caesar, slightly smiled and reached out his hand, “Hello, Karl.”
Caesar shook his hand and faintly said: “Caesar."
Karl withdrew his hand and promptly ignored Caesar, he continued chatting with Lin Yuan: “What's your dorm room number?"
Lin Yuan replied: “A13.”
“No kidding? You're next door to me,” Karl paused. “You have two students who are not in the command department, right?”
Lin Yuan was surprised: "How do you know?”
Karl smiled: “There are 50 students in the command department, 13 rooms, A01 to A13. Your room is the last one, except for you and Caesar in this department, the other two should be in another profession, right?”
“…….” Lin Yuan froze. He suddenly understood why Brian and Snow could be in their room. The 12 dorms had 48 command students, in the last one, except for him and Caesar, there would be two extra bedrooms. So naturally, students from other professions were transferred over.
Lin nodded and said, “Yes, there's a medical and engineering department student.”
Karl smiled and said: “Sure enough.
Caesar heard this conversation and couldn't help but slightly frown.
– This dormitory arrangement wasn't a coincidence.
When he'd entered the school yesterday, the principal had personally met him and the Royal Guards and asked him if he needed any help. Caesar had proposed to change his dormitory because he'd wanted to live with Brian.
He and Brian grew up together, they were best friends. They would get along better than with total strangers, and with Caesar's identity as a Prince and Brian's identity as a General's son, the two could take care of each other and also keep their secrets.
So the principal had directly transferred the two to A13 dormitory.
Caesar had also asked the principal to transfer Lin Yuan over because he'd scored full marks. Caesar had wanted to get to know the other student who'd scored full marks, so he'd thought living together was a good choice. As for Snow, he was a real random student. The medical department was overstuffed this year, so Snow, as a late check-in, was randomly assigned to their A13 dormitory.
Because of these circumstances, A13 made Lin Yuan, Caesar, Brian, and Snow roommates.
This kind of dormitory transfer was harmless. Caesar had only mentioned a simple request, and his tone was humble and courteous, so the principal had naturally agreed and immediately re-arranged the dormitory list.
Unexpectedly, Carl had suddenly deduced that the 13th dormitory was strange.
Does he know that Lin Yuan was originally supposed to live in A12, and be his roommate?
Caesar turned around, and met Karl's smiling eyes.
They looked at each other for three seconds, then simultaneously looked away.
Karl gave Lin Yuan a gentle smile: "Wanna get lunch together?"
Lin immediately nodded, “Okay!”
Lin Yuan was very happy to meet Dr. Fornt’s nephew in such a faraway planet. Thinking of Dr. Fornt, his heart felt very soft. He'd never known his father and Dr. Fornt had always cared for him like a father. He felt that Dr. Fornt’s nephew was naturally like his own brother.
Looking at Lin Yuan and Karl smiling happily at each other, Caesar’s unhappy mood actually doubled!
– What the hell is wrong with this Lin Yuan? Why does he always look alert when he sees me and avoid my eyes when he talks to me, yet gives Karl a bright smile, treating him kindly like they're old friends?
– I … am I inferior to Karl?
Chapter 16: The Prince's Strange Feelings
The morning session soon finished. After a two hour military posture training and an hour long nightmarish intensive training, the command section students felt exhausted and hungry. Instructor Irene dismissed the students and they immediately rushed toward the canteen.
Fortunately, the school’s canteen was very large, so the lines were not long. The entire canteen had five floors, and each layer had a lot of seats, so as long as you brushed the magnetic card at the door, the canteen food was easily accessible. Lin Yuan had never seen so many delicious foods, his eyes lit up, he circled the first floor of the cafeteria with a plate, heaping on food.
Seeing the plate about to spill over, Lin Yuan finally turned around to find a seat.
Karl also came up to him, looked at Lin Yuan's mountain of food, then back at his own plate with two simple dishes and a soup. He couldn't help but smile: “You can eat that much?"
Lin Yuan also looked at his pile, he scratched his head, embarrassed: “I can finish it."
He was small, but his appetite was great. At home, he was always able to finish off his sister’s big cakes, so Lin Yuan was quite confident about his own appetite. But facing Karl's amused look, and looking at the difference in food, Lin Yuan felt shy and couldn't help but blush.
Caesar was passing through and saw Karl and Lin Yuan sitting together, casually eating. Karl was smiling and looking at Lin Yuan, and Lin Yuan was blushing, his head lowered ……. this scene, for some reason, made him feel a bit irritated.
Moreover, he'd deliberately walked around in front of Lin Yuan, but Lin Yuan actually didn't notice him!
Caesar frowned, found a corner to sit down, and while eating, he glanced at Lin Yuan's table from time to time, observing. After a while, he suddenly felt something was wrong – Why was a dignified prince sitting in a corner, staring at his roommate? This ……. this must be because his father had ordered him to deliberately have a good relationship with Lin Yuan.
Yes, because of his father's order, he was more concerned about Lin Yuan.
Caesar grasped at a reason, quickly finished up his lunch, and decisively left the canteen.
Karl also finished his lunch, but Lin Yuan's plate was only half done.
The canteen's dishes were really delicious, so Lin Yuan was contentedly eating, immersed in enjoying the delicious food. He didn't notice that Karl was gently looking at him, as if he was watching a small animal eat.
……. The way this guy eats is quite cute.
Karl couldn't help thinking.
His head was lowered, carefully focusing on the food, shoving food in his mouth like a small squirrel, it was kind of fascinating watching him it. Obviously, the food was very common, yet he was eating so contentedly, he really was an easy going guy.
Seeing Lin Yuan finally finish his plate of food, Karl smiled and handed him a handkerchief. Lin Yuan took it, wiped his mouth, and gently hiccupped.
The two people put the tableware on the conveyor belt, and left the canteen, heading towards the dormitory.
When they were approaching the dormitory, Karl suddenly stopped and spoke seriously: “Lin Yuan.”
Lin looked at him, puzzled. “Ah?”
“You have two Alpha roommates?”
Lin nodded. “Yup, Caesar and one called Brian."
Karl was silent for a moment, then he lowered his voice: “I don’t know if I should say this … but the identity of your two roommates is not simple, you better ……. don't get too close to them, so you don't get yourself into trouble."
Lin Yuan was startled, he was silent for a while, then nodded and said: “I know."
He knew that he was just an ordinary Beta, his family background was simple, and his genes were inferior to Alpha. Plus, he'd never intended to curry favor with the noble Alpha.
However, Karl's blunt warning made Lin Yuan’s heart feel uncomfortable.
They were the same students, but because of their different blood, there was such an awkward hierarchy.
This ​​discrimination was here from since the empire was founded hundreds of years ago, and was deeply rooted in the minds of many. Alpha genes were superior, born with advantages. There were many Alpha worshipers, and some of the more extreme Alpha chauvinists believed that society should be completely ruled by Alpha.
Beta were very mediocre, they made up most of the social working class, and as for the military, the top major players were almost all Alpha. Even when a Beta had excellent performance, promotion was very difficult.
Omega were even more miserable, because of their strong fertility, in order to support population growth, Omega were completely stripped off their human rights. From an early age, they were under governmental control, and their so-called marriage was just gene pool matching. Many Omega were married off before even seeing the other's face.
Although, because the system matched them, their genes have a high degree of compatibility, and their offspring were the best. However, the marriages had no feelings as a foundation, this type of compulsory match for reproduction……. completely ignored their humanity, simply treating them as a tool to cultivate offspring!
Lin Yuan always felt indignant at this, when can this situation change?
Fortunately, he was not an Omega, otherwise, if he was inexplicably matched to a strange Alpha and expected to produce children, he would feel terrible for the rest of his life…….
Lin Yuan shook his fist, and looked up into Karl's deep eyes.
Karl smiled, stretched out his hand and gently placed it on Lin Yuan's shoulder: “Don't worry, if you have any difficulties you can find me, I'll try to help you. I should be older than you, right? Think of me as a good older brother."
Karl really gave off the temperament of a brother, his smile was very gentle and cordial. Lin Yuan couldn't help but smile when faced with his kind eyes, he nodded and said: “I know discretion. It'll be okay, Karl."
***
Lin Yuan went back to the dormitory and met Caesar coming out from his bedroom. He'd apparently just taken a bath. He was wearing a white bathrobe, and it was opened enough to reveal his beautiful chest muscles at a glance, his slender, strong legs poked out under the robe. This figure was the advantage of being an Alpha, and since Caesar was just wearing a bathrobe, his Alpha pheromone was more concentrated.
Seeing Lin Yuan, Caesar took the initiative to say hello: “You just came back?"
“Yup.”
After meeting Caesar's eyes, Lin Yuan quickly looked away and turned toward his bedroom.
Caesar looked at his sweaty military uniform, paused, then said: “You ……. should take a bath too. Wash your uniform with the automatic washing machine, it should dry in time."
Lin Yuan froze a moment, then looked down at his uniform, almost attached to his body with sweat. When he was chatting with Karl he hadn't noticed. It was a good idea to wash his uniform before his brief lunch break ended.
Caesar had kindly reminded him, so Lin Yuan looked back and smiled: “Thank you, I'll wash it."
“…….” Caesar's heart skipped a beat when he saw the boy's bright smile, when he woke up from his trance, Lin Yuan had already entered his bedroom and closed the door.
Since leaving Cepheus and coming to the academy, his body seemed to be strange. Not only did his nose repeatedly misjudge Lin Yuan and Snow as Omega, now even his body's Alpha pheromones were strangely fluctuating.
Caesar took a deep breath to steady his heart, then turned back into his bedroom.
The assembly was two o’clock in the afternoon, it was now 1:30. Lin Yuan quickly took a bath, threw his clothes into the washing machine, pressed the start button, and watched the washing machine begin its automatic cleaning work.
This fully automatic washing machine included a washing, drying and ironing function. As long as the clothes were put into it, it could directly be worn when it was done. Especially suits, uniforms and other materials that needed to be stiff, after washing and ironing, they came out neat and clean.
Lin Yu waited a while, but the washing machine suddenly stopped after turning a few times.
……What's going on? Is it broken?
The washing machine in his house wasn't so advanced, he didn't know how to use this high-tech machine. Lin Yuan hesitated for a moment, then decided to knock Snow's door. After knocking for a long time with no response, he concluded that Snow obviously wasn't in his bedroom.
Lin Yuan had to bite the bullet and knock on Caesar's door.
“Caesar, you in?”
“…….” Lin Yuan actually took the initiative to knock on his door? This was really unprecedented. Caesar was shocked, yet inexplicably somewhat happy. He immediately got down from his bed, and walked over to open the door: "What's wrong?
Lin Yuan scratched his head, embarrassed, and said: "Can you help me with my washing machine? It seems to be broken.”
Caesar followed Lin Yuan to his bathroom, looked at the state of the washing machine, and said: “There's no energy."
Because many planets couldn't build power stations, and even when they had them, the limited amount of energy resources couldn't guarantee the uninterrupted operation of large mech, so many of today’s machines operated on an internal energy box. In this type of washing machine, a common energy box could fuel it for a whole year, and advanced one could last longer. After installing an internal energy box, all electrical appliances could operate freely.
Energy boxes were made from the chemical processing of a variety of domestic waste and waste products. After use, it could be recycled and re-used, this not only helps save the planet's resources, it also protected the environment, so it served two purposes.
The energy of the washing machine must've inconveniently been exhausted.
Lin Yuan thought about that and said: “Why don’t I buy one now?”
Caesar looked at the time and said, “There's not enough time to buy a new one, the assembly is at two o’clock, you only have ten minutes. You put all your clothes in there?”
Lin Yu sighed in frustration, "Aye.”
In fact, he had only intended to take a bath, he hadn't planned to wash his uniform, but now he'd put his uniform into a washing machine that had no energy. The assembly was soon, he couldn't wear wet clothes.
Lin Yuan looked up at Caesar for help, Caesar quickly suggested: "Use my washing machine."
I was waiting for that sentence!
Lin Yuan immediately smiled and said: “Thank you!”
"…… You are welcome." Caesar opened the washing machine and took out Lin Yuan's uniform, suddenly, a small white cloth fell out. Caesar leaned over to pick it up, puzzled. He gave it a careful look:”……”
It was actually a pair of pure white…….underwear?
Caesar’s fingers suddenly stiffened.
Lin Yuan saw the underwear in his hand and his face immediately reddened, "This ……. This was accidentally dropped in! I just wasn't paying attention, uh, I obviously put it aside, how could it mix in…….”
Lin Yuan grabbed the underwear from Caesar's hand, the blush spreading to his ears.
… How embarrassing!
He really hadn't meant it, Lin Yuan had a habit of hand washing his underwear, he'd just accidentally thrown it in with the uniform in his haste.
He'd actually mixed his underwear and his shirt in the wash…….
Thinking of this, Lin Yuan awkwardly hung his head, even his neck was red.
Caesar looked at the glowing red teenager, like a boiled crab, then looked at the tightly clenched, pure white underwear in his hands. His face suddenly heat up in embarrassment, “Cough ……. I, I'll help you put your clothes in the washing machine……. You can come back and get it in 10 minutes."
Caesar finished this sentence and quickly left Lin Yuan’s bedroom.
It was too strange, when he was standing next to Lin Yuan in the steaming bathroom, he once again sensed Omega pheromones. And, looking at Lin Yuan's slender, beautiful neck, he'd had the sudden desire to perform the Alpha and Omega ceremony, biting the back of his neck to mark him. Not only did his heart rate pick up, even his cheeks heated up…….
His Alpha phenomes suddenly fluctuated, and he'd stuttered…….
What’s wrong with his body?
Chapter 17: Lieutenant Colonel Knox
San Romia Military Academy, Residential District, Room C017.
Irene took out a brand-new black uniform from the closet and handed it to the man behind her. The expressionless Colonel Knox took the uniform from his wife, while changing clothes he softly asked: "How was the morning training?”
Irene smiled and said: “This year's command section students' overall quality is much better than last year's. There are two students in particular who tested out with full marks, one of them is a Beta."
Knox, who tying his tie, slightly paused, he looked up at Irene, "Full marks? What's their names?”
Irene replied: “Caesar, and Lin Yuan.”
“Oh, the principal told me, Caesar is the fourth Prince, those test topics should be very simple for him, it's natural to get full marks. But, this Lin Yuan …….” Knox was puzzled, “You said he is a Beta?”
Irene nodded: “The data said he was Beta, his blood was also tested, he really is a Beta.”
Knox frowned lightly.
Irene saw his frown, and couldn't help but ask: “You're not ……. thinking of the General?"
Knox remained silent.
Irene softly said: “When the General enrolled in school, he also had full marks, and was also a Beta, but, after many years, we all found out that he'd injected himself with an inhibitor ….”
“The inhibitor has long been banned." Knox softly interrupted her, "The average person doesn't have the money or the sources to buy inhibitors, and now, all enrolled students need to conduct a serum test. Mixing into the academy with inhibitors is impossible, those events won't happen again."
Thinking of that person, Knox’s eyes suddenly flashed a trace of pain.
That year, if he had firmly stopped Rosen, and not let him into the cell, would the outcome had been different? The general wouldn't have been sentenced to house arrest, and because of his unwillingness to be under Rosen's watch, secretly steal the mech to escape Cepheus galaxy. Then he wouldn't have run into the storm and been buried in the interstellar ruins, even his body was lost.
But if he had prevented Rosen, would the General had tortured himself to madness in that dark cell? Or, would his strong will had helped him survive estrus, and then he would've been imprisoned in the military prison for life?
No matter what the outcome, they were all too cruel.
Knox only knew that he was an adjutant, yet he hadn't followed the last military order issued by his General.
– He'd failed the trust of the General.
After the Night Corps was forced to dissolve, Rosen had invited Knox to the Glory Corps, but Knox had refused. He went to the military academy with his wife, Irene, and became an ordinary instructor, he no longer intervened in any military affairs.
These past few years were too calm, Knox had almost forgotten the feeling of following General Ling Yu to the frontline, charging the enemy, his blood boiling in intense stimulation.
Knox took a deep breath, and continued to button his uniform.
Irene was silent for a moment, then she whispered: “I'm probably thinking too much, but, I feel that Lin Yuan looks a bit like him."
– The same white skin, black hair, clear eyes, as well as his firmness and self-confidence.
The difference was, Lin Yuan always had a smile, was optimistic, cheerful and full of energy, and Ling Yu was always silent, a loner, and hated when people got too close.
Although their characters were so different, Irene always saw the shadow of the General in Lin Yuan’s body. Probably the reason was their race, they had obvious features, black hair and obsidian black, clear eyes.
Seeing Knox walking towards the door, Irene woke up from her trance and quickly followed him.
***
Student Dormitory, A13.
Caesar took out the freshly washed uniform for Lin Yuan, Lin Yuan said a quick thanks and rushed to change his clothes. He carefully changed into his uniform, and walked out to find Caesar standing at the door, waiting for him.
Caesar saw Lin Yuan and said: “Come on, we're almost late.”
“…” You could've left first.
Lin Yuan had actually hoped Caesar would've left first, but Caesar had very loyally waited for his roommate.
Unlike when he was faced with Karl’s gentleness and cordiality, Lin Yuan always felt uncomfortable around Caesar. He didn't like to walk with him, didn't like to see him, basically, he didn't like being alone with him.
Caesar gave off a strange sense of oppression.
Every time Caesar looked at him, he felt like his heart was being pinched.
Probably, since Caesar was a pure-blooded Alpha, and a high-class one at that, his overbearing Alpha aura was too much for him?
They went out the room and met Karl leaving the next door A12 dormitory, he was followed by that red-headed, red-eyed big guy……. right, his name was Baker ……. Student Shell.
Lin Yuan remembered the big guy’s name and couldn't help but smile at him, Shell immediately blushed, embarrassed……. Lin Yuan thought, with this guy's dark skin, his blush made him look like chocolate.
The large piece of chocolate named Shell bowed his head as he walked behind Lin Yuan, suddenly in regret: Lin Yuan's temper was so good, wasn't he an idiot for trying to start something with him? How can he fix it?
The four people walked to the Central Hall, there were many neatly uniformed students lined up.
The 50 students quickly quieted down, listening to Irene's instructions for line up. The order was four rows from short to tall, two rows of girls, two rows of boys. Lin Yuan was a relatively short boy, he stood in the left row, a dozen centimeters shorter than him Beta girl stood in the row next to him.
The girl looked at him and smiled, "Hiya Lin Yuan. My name is Bossa."
“……. Hi.” Almost all the class knew his name now, apparently because of Shell's loud provocation this morning. This girl's smile was very friendly, there were two small dimples on her cheeks, so Lin Yuan also smiled at her, he didn't mind making a friend.
The open field was big enough to accommodate tens of thousands of people, everyone was divided into small teams, each class was neatly in a square. Standing instructions sounded in the audience.
When it was two o’clock, the scene suddenly quieted down. At this time, in the sky above the open air field, a row of black armors suddenly flew toward the podium, like the large wings of a soaring eagle!
The machine group came to a steady stop over the podium, and then, the cockpit doors opened simultaneously, and a group of officers wearing pure black military uniforms gracefully descended to the ground.
“…….” the students were stunned.
“Salute!”
A loud voice came from the stage, the students woke up from their trance and immediately stood upright to give a standard salute. Neat blue uniforms formed a dark blue ocean, thousands of students saluting at the same time looked very spectacular, like a huge wave suddenly disturbing a calm sea.
In the middle of the queue of officers, a man with three stars on his shoulder returned a salute and said loudly: “Students, good afternoon, I am your principal, Belfas."
Although he was nearly 200-years-old, Lieutenant Belfas still looked very strong, he stood upright in his uniform, he looked strong, vigorous and imposing.
“First of all, I'll represent all the instructors in the school and welcome you all to the San Romia Military Academy. As the best military academy in the empire, only very smart and excellent students can be here. I think you all will hate hearing an old man ramble on, so I'll make a long story short -"
“San Romia Military Academy will give you the best learning environment, so I hope that you can make good use of all the resources here, earnestly study, and after three years, give yourself a satisfactory reward! Don't let your family, your friends, and your instructors be disappointed!"
“Now, let's begin the swearing ceremony, please join me in reading the army oath!"
Belfas raised his right hand carefully, turned and raised his head to face the flag of Lacey Empire and the flag of the Imperial Army. He seriously and earnestly recited "From today on, I will be a solider of the Lacey Empire. I solemnly swear -"
The headmaster's deep voice echoed from the amplification of the loudspeakers throughout the venue, all the students immediately raised their right hand, looked up at the flags, and said the sacred oath –
“From today on, I will be a solider of the Lacey Empire. I solemnly swear -”
“To absolutely obey the commands of my superiors!”
“Strictly observe military discipline!”
“Not fear sacrifice!”
“Fight bravely!”
“…”
Tens of thousands of young loud voices resounded through the clouds, Lacey Empire’s best military academy, San Romia military academy 598th session freshman, from this moment, officially started their careers as soldiers.
*****
After the swearing-in ceremony, each class returned to their training area.
The compound of San Romia Military Academy covered more than ten kilometers. The compound was divided into a number of areas for all the classes. The 50 people military department groups were in the most central position, the different classes had already started their running, saluting and basic posture training.
Irene brought a serious looking officer to the front of the crowd and said: “Students, this is Lieutenant Knox, the military training next month will be overseen by him."
Knox nodded and bluntly asked, “Who is the class monitor?”
Everyone: “…”
Irene coughed, embarrassed: "Cough, I forgot to elect a squad leader this morning, we'll choose a class monitor now!”
Everyone: “…”
The eloquent, ruthless, and strict Instructor Irene actually had such a……….. clumsy personality. The crowd quietly stared at their teacher.
Knox also felt very helpless at Irene's occasional clumsiness, but his face didn't show it, he expressionlessly looked at the students and softly said: “Will someone be the class monitor?"
The fifty people were silent.
“No one volunteers to be squad leader?” Knox's cold eyes slowly swept the line of 50 people, “I'll give you ten seconds, if you don't choose a squad leader, then you will have to run around the compound for ten laps, then come back here to decide!"
“10, 9 …”
“Instructor!” Finally, a brave guy raised his hand.
Knox turned towards him, it was a red-haired tall boy, his eyes were dark red. Under Knox’s scrutiny, the boy blushed, making his dark skin shade a strange color.
Knox asked, “What’s your name?”
The boy: “Reporting in instructor, my name is Baker!”Knox nodded, “Student Baker, you want to be class monitor?”
Student Baker immediately shook his head and bravely said: "Instructor, can I recommend others for squad leader? I know a very suitable person!”
Knox said, “Who do you want to recommend?”
Shell glanced at the small body at the front of the left row, a black haired and black eyed boy, and loudly said: “Yes instructor! I recommend Lin Yuan!"
Lin Yuan: “…………………………”
What the hell!
Knox's sharp eyes immediately turned toward Lin Yuan, so he had to resist the urge to facepalm.
Oh my God! Why does this single brain cell animal have to be in the command section ah? Early this morning, he came to provoke me with a "Are you that Lin Yuan that scored full marks?” making the whole class know my name, and now, he again tries to stir shit up!
Lin Yuan really wanted to ask: Shell, what did I do to you to deserve this?
Knox looked at Lin Yuan, then looked back at Baker and said: “Why do you recommend Student Lin Yuan?”
Student Baker looked up and proudly said: “Reporting in instructor! First of all, Lin Yuan was admitted in with full marks, as a Beta, his results were better than many Alpha, enough to prove his ability!"
Lin Yuan: “…….”
Alpha: “…”
“Second, this morning in the military posture training, Lin Yuan persisted for more than two hours, even longer than a lot of Alpha! This proves that he not only has a high IQ, his physical abilities is also very excellent!"
Lin Yuan: “…….”
Alpha: “…”
Student Baker finally finished his summary: “So I think, Student Lin Yuan is capable enough to lead our class! He is the most appropriate leader. Report over!"
Shell… really, did I do something to you man?
Your hatred is too cruel, you're making me the target of all the Alpha!
Feeling the surrounding Alpha's projected hate, disgust, scorn, and indignant gazes, Lin Yuan really wanted to shrink into a ball and sink into the ground.
Knox nodded towards Baker and said: “Lin Yuan, come to the front!”
With the instructor's call, Lin Yuan had no choice but to seriously report in before Knox, his hand was on the edge of his cap in a respectful standard military salute, his crisp voice decisively shouted: “Yes!”
Knox hesitated.
Suddenly, he had an illusion, as if time had turned back, back to twenty-eight years ago.
Twenty-eight years ago, the 570th session military command section's training time, a Beta boy named Ling Yu stepped out and also immediately attracted all the attention.
A black haired, black eyed Asian teenager, standing in the standard posture, posing in the standard military salute, shouting out in a crisp and sweet voice. Although his body was smaller, his momentum didn't fall before any of the tall Alpha.
No wonder Irene said she saw the General’s shadow in this child’s body…..
At this moment, even Lieutenant Colonel Knox who was by Ling Yu's side for many years also had the same illusion.
Knox was silent for a moment, then said: “Lin Yuan, will you serve as class monitor?"
Lin Yu immediately respectfully said: “Yes! Instructor!”
Knox looked at him deeply and asked, “Don't you want to think about it?”
Lin Yuan looked up and seriously and firmly said: “As a soldier, I only know how to obey the superior's orders! Student Baker recommended me and instructor wants me to be the squad leader. I will do my best to not let everyone down!"
Knox looked at the young man in silence.
Yes, as a soldier, the first reaction to your superior's order should be obedience, absolute obedience.
Absolute obedience is a very important part of the army oath.
Especially on the battlefield, when the superior officer issued you an order, you shouldn't question and hesitate, perhaps that time of hesitation would be enough to let the enemy turn your comrades into debris.
……. Lin Yuan will do this, even if he doesn't want to be the squad leader.
The young man's black and clear eyes, at the moment, didn't have the slightest hesitation or unwillingness, there was only confidence and determination.
– Command section students should have such a straightforward and hardworking attitude!
Knox suddenly thought in a trance: If General Ling Yu hadn't secretly escaped Rosen's apartment in stubbornness and died in the interstellar ruins, then he and Rosen’s child would've been like Lin Yuan, a bright 18 year old.
—————————————————
Chapter 018: Beat Down
The new monitor Lin Yuan needed to cooperate with Instructor Knox to supervise the students' training, and after the end of the military training, he had to continue and supervise the students’ studies with Instructor Irene. In addition, he was in charge of students who register late, truancy and other things……. This role was obviously a chore, right?
With friends like Shell, who needs enemies?
Lin Yuan was very familiar with the thankless job like a squad leader because in his primary school and secondary school, he was elected as squad leader. But most of the children on Rennes planet were Beta, he could be more relaxed, unlike in San Romia military College where there were so many pure blooded Alpha that a Beta monitor would be very unconvincing.
After the afternoon military training and boring physical training, Lin Yuan went to the cafeteria and found a corner seat to eat. After just a bite of his food, a chocolate face popped up in front of him. The chocolate smiled a pleasant smile and said: "Squad leader, can I sit here?"
“…….” Lin Yuan helplessly glanced at him, "You can.”
Student Baker sat down, smiled, and said: “I'm sorry for this morning ah! I heard that you were a Beta that scored full marks and felt very skeptical, so I came to start trouble …….” He scratched his head, messing up his red hair.
Yeah, thanks for that, idiot!
Lin Yuan smiled and asked: “And you're not skeptical now?”
Baker immediately nodded enthusiastically, "I've been convinced!”
The brawn over brains guy looked expectantly at Lin Yuan, as if to say: “I recognize you as my boss, order me as you please."
Lin Yu sighed in his heart, then shifted his attention to his food.
They finished their dinners and walked back to the dorm. When they turned the corner, two tall Alpha suddenly blocked the way. The two looked very arrogant and were surround by the rich aura of Alphas, their expressions clearly said 'We are blue-blooded children, we're above you.'
……Trouble finally came.
The amount of hatred Baker's spiel attracted was too high, Lin Yuan was expecting such a confrontation.
Sure enough, one of them scornfully looked at Lin Yuan and mocked: "Class Monitor, I heard that you scored full marks? Can a Beta be so awesome? You cheated, right?"
“…….” Their provocative expressions and actions was exactly the same as Baker's, how clichéd.
Lin Yuan scolded the two Alpha in his heart, but his face had a friendly smile: “Just excellent luck, there were some questions I guessed ……. You wanted me for something?"
The second boy stepped forward and said coldly: "I want to see if you're up to snuff!"
After his voice faded, the boy’s hand shot directly toward Lin Yuan' shoulder, at the same he swept at his foot, aiming to bring Lin Yuan directly to the ground!
– This guy knows how to fight!
Lin Yuan immediately reacted!
When his hand was about to come into contact with his shoulder, Lin Yuan’s left hand suddenly reached out and grabbed the other's wrist lightning quick. He pulled his arm forward, and aimed a kick directly to the other guy's knees. Then he dodged neatly to the side….
The boy had reached out his foot to put Lin Yuan down, resulting in Lin Yuan dodging and forcefully pulling him forward. But because of his unstable center of gravity, when he ended up on the ground, his limbs were spread out, and he laid on his stomach in a
dog eating shit
posture!
“…….” The boy froze, his mind blank in shock, he even forgot to climb up from the ground.
He was actually beat down……. by a……. Beta?
Just how fast did this guy react? Why couldn't I see him move…?
Lin Yuan brought his hand back to his side, looked at the stunned boy, smiled and said, “Who taught you how to fight ah? You should train again.”
Then, he directly bypassed the other red faced Alpha and turned into the dormitory.
Lin Yuan’s principles has always been the same.
If you don't mess with me, I naturally won't mess with you. If you mess with me, I'll unhesitantly beat you down!
When Brian had touched his head yesterday, he immediately fought back, but Caesar was there at the time and stopped him…….. In other words, Caesar's fighting skills was higher than that Alpha's today, and significantly higher. He was actually able to accurately grab his wrist, his reaction ability is really fast. If that was Caesar just now, then the fight probably wouldn't have ended so easily…….
Lin Yuan mused.
Baker excitedly caught up with Lin Yuan, “Boss, your moves were so cool and deadly! What kind of combat was that? Do you box?"
“It wasn't boxing.” Lin Yu smiled, "It was a popular ancient Earth era style of fighting, especially in Asia, called martial arts. It's very suitable for less muscular people like me. When you fight a taller and more muscular person in battle, you can use those skills to win."
“…”
Use skills to win?
No wonder the 1.78-meter Lin Yuan could beat such a taller Alpha!
In Baker's eyes, Lin Yuan was already a god-like existence.
A Beta dropped an Alpha in three seconds? Why did you just stare blankly? How could you forget to get it on video? If you'd just recorded and uploaded it, the views would definitely break a billion!
Lin Yuan should be glad that Baker forgot to record it, otherwise, all the Alpha in the Empire would wish death on him…….
***
Close by, seeing Lin Yuan confronted by the two Alpha, Caesar wanted to come help him.
But before he could even walk close, he found the stunned Alpha lying face down on the ground and the other Alpha looking very constipated.
So, Caesar pretended not to see and walked directly around them.
Thinking of that scene, Caesar’s heart rate couldn't help but pick up…….
The boy's hands were so dexterous that people can't see his movements. He'd positioned himself and accurately grabbed the other man's wrist, pulled forward, kicked and moved to the side, too fast for many people to catch.
This guy……
His flexibility and agility was simply amazing, did he do gymnastics?
When Caesar returned to the dormitory, Lin Yuan was heading for his bedroom.
Out of some weird temptation or other unknown reasons, Caesar suddenly stepped up behind Lin Yuan, stretched out his strong hand and forcefully grabbed Lin Yuan’s arm!
Lin Yuan froze a moment, then instinctively turned around to make a comeback!
His nimble hand quickly flipped over to grab the other's arm, and after a beautiful catch, he tried to spin it back to break the opponent’s arm! Unexpectedly, Caesar's first action was just a faint! His other hand quickly grabbed Lin Yuan’s shoulders, and he extended his long leg at the same, hitting Lin Yuan’s knee!
Lin Yuan hurriedly dodged sideways to avoid the leg attack, but his shoulders was pushed strongly and he staggered! Determined, Lin Yuan clutched Caesar's arm, and the two entangled together, one unwilling to let go of his hold, resulting in…….
Lin Yuan lost his balance and fell to the ground.
Caesar was pulled forward by him, and directly landed on top of Lin Yuan.
“…”
“…”
They stared at each other with wide eyes. After staring for a while, Caesar finally noticed that this position was too ambiguous.
Their noses were almost pressed together, the other man's warm breaths was landing gently on his face, and his unbuttoned shirt collar exposed white and smooth skin. His delicate collarbone was in his line of sight, and as long as he leaned over a little, he would be able to kiss him…
Caesar’s heartbeat suddenly paused half a beat, then he immediately stood up, pulling Lin Yuan up with him.
Lin Yuan sorted out his messy shirt, then stared at Caesar and asked: “Why did you suddenly attack me?"
Caesar looked away and pretended to calmly reply: “I wanted to test your fighting skill level."
Lin Yuan helplessly said: “You want to test it out now? As you saw, I'm not your opponent."
“……Oh, ok.”
As a prince, Caesar learned very professional and standardized fighting skills his entire life, if he really tried, Lin Yuan wasn't his opponent. Lin Yuan’s reaction ability and dexterity was far superior to the average Alpha, so he can get an easy victory. It’s more than enough to deal with the untrained Alpha, but against professional-level masters like Caesar, the Alpha's height and physical difference would put him at a disadvantage.
Even so, Caesar was assured at Lin Yuan’s fighting skill.
At first, he was worried that Lin Yuan would be bullied by the Alpha that disagreed with him being squad leader, but now, it seems that Lin Yuan’s skill and personality was more than enough to protect himself from being bullied by anyone.
Caesar was silent for a moment, then he looked at Lin Yuan and asked: “Your skills are really good, did you take martial arts classes?"
"No." Lin Yuan smiled and scratched his head, "My master taught me. When I was eight years old he saw me and accepted me as an apprentice ……. He was a soldier, after his retirement, he moved to Rennes Planet’s mining company to be a security guard. He usually spends most of his day idle and bored, so he thought it would be interesting to teach me."
Looking at Lin Yuan's happy smile after mentioning his master, Caesar couldn't help but also think of his own teacher…….
Caesar's teacher was a young man who'd won the Imperial Boxing Championship, his temper was very irritable, he had a grumpy expression all day, but his eyes were sharp enough to pierce. As a child, Caesar was very afraid of him, so he tried especially hard to learn, because he feared bearing his teacher's anger.
Thinking of their masters, the two coincidentally quieted down.
At this time, the door suddenly beeped at the insert of a card. When the door opened, a uniformed Snow walked in.
Lin Yuan looked back to see Snow and couldn't help but laugh: “Snow, your atmosphere completely changes in a uniform ah!"
A cold young man wearing a neat, stiff uniform indeed gave off a kind of 'forbidden beauty' taste. Plus, since Snow was already good-looking, his delicate white face under the dark blue cap was very attractive to the eye.
Before Snow could answer, Brian also walked in, wearing the same uniform. While Snow’s clothes was neat and clean like it just came from the closet, Brian’s uniform was appalling, like it was trampled by elephants. It was messy and unbearable to look at, even his cuffs had some strange stains…….
Lin Yuan looked at him and couldn't help but think: Where did the Engineering Department students train today? Did they visit a mech factory? Why does Brian look like he just climbed out of a dumpster? He is an incredible sight to see next to the neat and clean Snow…….
Brian walked into the room and immediately noticed Snow in his neat uniform. His eyes brightened, and he smiled and greeted him: “Snow, you're back ah? How come I didn’t see you this afternoon?"
Snow looked at the messily clothed Brian and quietly replied: "The morning class teacher took us to visit a hospital, noon break was only twenty minutes. I came back to the Dormitory to change my uniform, then left. I probably missed you.”
And then he looked back to Lin Yuan, “I'll take a bath, I'm going to the library later."
Lin Yuan smiled: “I wanted to go to the library to check out some information too. Let me come with."
Snow nodded, "Okay, I'll come by your room after my bath.”
“'Kay, I'll see you at seven.”
So, they went back to their rooms to take their baths, leaving Caesar and Brian hanging.
Standing abandoned in the living room, Brian and Caesar looked at each other.
After a moment, Brian lowered his voice and asked, “What's your schedule for the rest of the night?”
Caesar replied, “I have no plans.”
Brian rubbed his chin: “So … feel like going to the library?”
Caesar nodded seriously: “Sounds good.”
——————————————-
Chapter 019: Searching Keywords
Different from Earth era school libraries where paper books were neatly arranged in rows, in order to save on resources, there was now very few paper books, instead there was encrypted e-books.
Going to the library was very important because many valuable books were only allowed to be read within the library's building. Of course, some books could be copied and taken out, but after copying they were bounded to the student’s e-reader, so they couldn't make a second copy.
San Romia Military Academy's library has 15 floors, everything from the 1st floor to the 10th floor was freely accessible by students, but there was a lot of confidential information on the 10th floor and up that you needed appropriate permission to see.
Lin Yuan and Snow walked side by side to the library, walking close behind them was Caesar and Brian.
They'd obviously showered too and wore casual clothes. Caesar was wearing a neat black shirt with a stiff collar, complimenting his handsomely carved face. Brian wore a white casual shirt, his hands in his pocket, his blue eyes curved up in a smile, very charming. The two tall Alpha attracted a second glance by countless passers-by along the way.
Lin Yuan couldn't help but think: How come these two guys came to the library? And dressed in such handsome and clean clothes, even their hair is meticulously combed……. It's only the library, was it necessary to dress so well?
Snow also noticed the two roommates following them, he looked back, and met Brian's smiling face.
Snow pretended not to see him and swiped his card into the library. He headed straight to the escalator to go to the fifth floor where the medical books were. Brian immediately followed him to the fifth floor. Snow felt a familiar Alpha aura behind him, and looked back, his expression cold: “Brian, the engineering related books are on the fourth floor."
“…….” I was treated with disgust again!
Brian felt a little depressed.
Of course he knew that the engineering department's books were on the fourth floor, but he has already read most of those books. Since he was six years old, while most children read fairy tales to sleep, Brian was reading "Machine Armor Parts”, "Armor Manufacturing 101″, "Intelligent Armor Design Principle”, "Energy Mechanics"…
Brian’s grandfather, Aston Bayh, was the greatest mech manufacturer in Lacey Empire, and many of the well-known S-class armor, such as Suzaku, Black Dragon and His Majesty's Lion King, were made by him. He wanted his grandchildren to become great mech engineers, creating the most impeccable intelligent weapons in the universe.
Brian loved mechs since he was little, and he was indeed very talented in mech engineering. When he was 6-year-old, he began staying by his grandfather's side as a handyman, so a variety of parts processing and armor design ideas were thoroughly baked into his brain. The 13 year old him made his first intelligent armor, Blue. Although there were many flaws and defects, but ……. that was the work of a 13-year-old ah!
To make a mech at 13-years-old, that child can simply be called a genius.
Brian participated in the Armor Manufacturing Division qualification exam last year and got a level two certificate, he was a step away from the final level certificate. His current level was, in fact, superior to a lot of graduates in this college. The reason he came to San Romia Military Academy to study, in addition to the Bayh family demanding it of him, there were more reasons –
He needs reading permission to use the library floors above the 10th floor and access the more valuable books. And he wanted to use the school's abundant resources to increase his experience, and graduate directly into the final level of the Armor Manufacturing Division qualification certificate.
Of course, Brian couldn't casually tell all these things to people, if he said it to someone, they would certainly think he was bragging.
Facing Snow's cold eyes, Brian just smiled and said: “No one said an engineering student can't read medical school books ah. I'm particularly interested in human anatomy, so I want to find a few human anatomical diagrams to look at."
Looking at Brian's cheeky smile, Snow gently frowned, "Whatever.”
Snow turned into the fifth floor's study hall, and Brian immediately kept up with his footsteps.
Snow took a seat in the corner, and Brian consciously walked to the empty seat beside him. The seats in the library weren't far apart, plus Brian was tall, so when he sat, the gap between the two was only half an arm.
At this close a distance, there was a huge aura of an Alpha's oppression…….
Snow felt his heart tighten and he immediately got up to change seats.
Brian looked at him, puzzled, then boldly followed him.
“…….” Looking at the smiling Brian once again sitting next to him, Snow was speechless.
So sticky!
An Alpha you can't throw away even if you tried. How annoying!
Snow looked back at Brian and said: “I’m not used to sitting near people. You go over there, there are lots of other seats.”
“… Oh.” Brian bowed his head and walked away with some grievance.
Snow took a deep breath and relieved some of his inexplicable tension. He loosened his secretly clenched fist, opened the light tablet on the table, and began to search for the books he wanted to access.
On the light tablet's screen was a simulation of a 3D room, a row of virtual bookshelves were neatly furnished with a variety of books, classified by subject. It was very detailed and standard. Snow searched the rows of shelves according to classification, and collected Human Anatomy Dissection, Nerve Anatomy, History of Embryology, and other books.
When you open a book, the light tablet showed a texture similar to paper pages with clear writing, and you could slide your fingers on the screen to directly turn the pages of the book, very convenient.
Although there were many students in the study hall, most of them were carefully reading their books and notes, no one noticed Snow sitting quietly in the corner.
Surrounded by the quiet, Snow opened the Human Anatomy book as a cover, then he opened a web page in the lower left corner of the window.
“Welcome to San Romia Military Academy's Library.”
Opening the home page brought you to a screen with this text. Next to the text was a blank search box, below the search box was a lot of database options that could be checked – Cepheus Central Library, Starfield Science and Technology Library, Imperial Medical Library, Empire Military Data Museum, San Romia graduates thesis paper database …….
A massive amount of literature and data could be directly accessed from the library!
Snow was excited, he selected all the options, then quickly inputted a line of keywords – Omega pheromones inhibitor.
His finger pressed the search button, and the screen popped up a “Please wait”. After about ten seconds, the blank page showed a line of red warning characters: “Keyword error, no relevant information found, please re-search!”
Snow was stunned – Keyword error? How can this be?
He'd thought that since he couldn't find any information outside, then his permissions weren't high enough to get past the screening in the external network. But now, even San Romia Military Academy Library’s massive network of libraries couldn't produce any information on Omega inhibitors!
Snow gently frowned, then he started to modify the keywords.
“Cosmic calendar 779 March, military court verdict”
“Keyword error, no relevant information found, please re-search!”
"Central Imperial Hospital, Dr. Sanders”
“Keyword error, no relevant information found, please re-search!”
“Application for amendments to the Omega-related protection law”
“Keyword error, no relevant information found, please re-search!”
“…”
His fingers quickly swept the screen, changing it to many keywords, but there was still nothing.
Snow’s face gradually grew paler.
Obviously, the Omega pheromone inhibitor was banned, and all the facts related to it was deliberately blocked, even San Romia Military Academy's library couldn't retrieve any of the information. This cover up must be very deep … thinking of this, Snow’s hands couldn't help but clench tightly.
***
Brian was secretly peeking at Snow, he looked back and found that Snow was tightly clenching his fists, his eyelashes trembling, his teeth tightly biting his lips, he looked very uncomfortable. He was slim and had a gentle appearance, so when he bit his lips, his white face posed a special question ……. like uh, don't you want to protect me?
Brian’s body immediately reacted before his brain could think, he took three or two big steps to Snow, stretched out his hand, and gently probed his forehead. Then he softly asked: “Snow, what's wrong? Why do you look so pale…….? ”
“……Don't touch me!” Snow suddenly forcefully shook off Brian's hands.
Because the sound was too loud it immediately caused the surrounding students to look over. Snow's pale face stiffened, and Brian showed an apologetic smile to the neighboring students and made a 'I'm trying to coax a small hedgehog, sorry to bother you' expression”.
……. Oh, it's an Alpha trying to peruse a Beta ah!
The crowd instantly minded their own business.
Brian used his back to block Snow from the crowd, then looked at Snow. His pale face suddenly had a strange flush, his breathing was instable, and his forehead had a layer of fine sweat.
What…. is he sick?
Brian was distressed and worried, but Snow hated physical contact, so Brian backed up and whispered: "Where are you uncomfortable ah? Would you like me to take you to the infirmary?"
“…….” Snow took a deep breath, propped his slightly trembling fingers on the table and stood up from his seat, he whispered: “Brian … Please send me back to the dorm…….. I……. I have a terrible headache…"
“Got it” Brian didn't hesitate and immediately reached out to help Snow.
Snow’s body suddenly stiffened and his eyelashes trembled harsher, but because his body had lost its strength he was forced to relax. He half-leaned on Brian and was helped by him out of the library.
The time was very late and the campus was lit by warm yellow lights. The road from the library to the dormitory was very quiet, and occasionally the sound of breeze rustling leaves echoed. Snow leaned on Brian, he felt like his legs were boneless, as if he was stepping on air. His feet almost couldn't support the weight of his body.
Seeing Snow stumbling so much, Brian had to stop. He crouched down in front of him, patted his shoulder and said, “Come on, on my back.”
“…” Snow was stunned.
Brian looked back at him and smiled, “Don't try to be brave, come on. My back's all yours.”
“…”
Looking at Brian's smile, Snow fell silent for a long time, then he hesitatingly leaned on his body, gently clinging to his neck.
Brian tucked Snow’s legs around his waist, rested his hands on his hips, and gently pushed upwards. He adjusted to a comfortable posture and began walking.
Snow’s face suddenly reddened.
Although Brian’s adjustment was simply to help Snow sit more comfortably on his back, but ……. he felt Brian holding his hips with his powerful hands, gently touching his buttocks, this direct intimate contact made Snow’s body involuntarily tremble.
Snow was lying on his back, breathing rapidly, and Brian wasn't any better off.
For some reason, Snow's warm and rapid breaths made Brian's heartbeat suddenly drum. The young man's soft hair was waving in the breeze and gently tickling his ears, like a feather softly brushing him.
Carrying Snow, feeling his weak body leaning all his weight on him, inexplicably, Brian’s heart suddenly filled with a sense of accomplishment!
He even felt the want to……. the need to protect ​​this person.
The always cold and serious Snow rarely showed such fragility, causing Brian to feel unbearable distress for him.
Carrying him on the road to the dormitory, a soft feeling filled his chest, as if the night wind was warming him.
Brian walked back to the dormitory, opened the door, and the house's automatic voice-activation caused all the lights to immediately light up.
Lin Yuan and Caesar apparently haven't come back yet. Brian went directly to Snow's bedroom and walked up to his bed. He looked back at Snow and found that Snow's face, ears, neck, and even the exposed slice of chest under his shirt was flushed. His mouth was open wide, and his breathing looked obviously uncomfortable.
Brian immediately laid him flat on the bed, covered him with his quilt, and sat by his bedside to observe him, he softly asked: “Where are you uncomfortable? I'll go get you some medicine, I have a lot of emergency medication."
Snow gasped softly then said in a shaky voice, "There's a white bottle in the drawer … bring it…to me.”
Brian immediately searched the drawer for the white bottle, he poured a cup of warm water, walked to the bed and helped Snow up. Looking at the pure white bottle without any trademarks or instructions, and the pure white pills without any markings, Brian had some doubts: “What's this? What kind of medicine is this?”
Snow lowered his eyes and whispered: “I've always had sudden headaches, this is the medicine my father made for me……. it's very useful for treating migraines……. my father is a doctor."
“Oh.” Since his father was a doctor, he'd presumably know a recipe that's not available on the common market right?
Brian didn't doubt him and immediately handed over the bottle.
Snow poured three tablets straight out of the bottle and swallowed it with the warm water.
His body’s condition began to improve, his hands and feet slowly gained back its strength, and his flushed face gradually receded.
Snow took a deep breath, looked at the still worried Brian, and after a moment of silence, he said awkwardly: "That ……. thanks……. thank you."
Brian smiled and scratched his forehead, "You’re welcome, we're roommates, this is nothing."
Although his mouth said this, this was the first time Snow didn't avoid him in disgust, he even took the initiative to thank him, so Brian’s heart was overjoyed!
Seeing Snow’s complexion looking better, Brian whispered: “Feel better? No more headache?"
Brian didn't find that his tone of voice was very doting and gentle.
“…” Snow avoided his line of sight, embarrassed, lowered his head and said: "I feel much better. I'll sleep early, thanks for your help again."
Brian smiled and stood up, “Well, then I won't bother you anymore. Have a good rest. Call me if you need help.”
“Ok.”
After Brian left the bedroom, Snow let out a relieved breath.
Fortunately, Brian had followed him to the fifth floor, saw his abnormality and sent him home in time, otherwise, if he'd entered estrus in the library, the consequences would've been unimaginable…….
Snow still felt some lingering fear, he took a few deep breaths to adjust his heartbeat.
The inhibitors he just took were not stable. Because intravenous injections are difficult to get through interstellar security, he could only add the ingredients of the inhibitor to oral tablets. So the drug's composition affected its performance and its efficacy was greatly reduced.
He was too tense when he was looking up the data, his brain was in an excited state, and his heart rate affected his body’s hormones, causing the inhibitor to suddenly fail.
Fortunately, he'd added a mask for Omega odor to the batch of inhibitors, so the early stages of estrus won't attract too much attention from the Alpha. It's only when he enters true estrus that his Omega smell wouldn't be covered up and it would spread all over the school!
Today, in order to forcefully suppress his estrus, he ate three tablets at one time, which meant that every day from now on, he'd need to increase his daily intake by three …….
Although the amount of medicine he brought was enough to reach the holidays, if there's an uncontrollable situation like today again, what could he do?
Did he really need to find an Alpha to get him through estrus?
Thinking of this, Snow couldn't help but frown and shake his fist.
– I must find a solution as soon as possible!
There was a list of inhibitor ingredients in his hands, but the problem was, where could he get the drugs and the space to make the inhibitors?
————————————————–
Chapter 020: The Right Plot
While Snow and Brian went back to the dormitory, Lin Yuan and Caesar continued accessing information in the library.
Lin Yuan picked out a lot of books about maneuvering armor, although he played a battle game on the network often, after all, it was just virtual controlling, there was a difference with steering with your hands.
According to Instructor Irene, San Romia Military Academy's annual mech competition was in another month, if you entered the top ten, you had the opportunity to represent the school and participate in the National finals and the military parade ceremony.
Lin Yuan had never been to Cepheus, he naturally wanted to win this opportunity!
Lin Yuan chose a corner sofa to sit and turned on the light tablet in front of him. He carefully read the 'Armor Control 101' book he'd picked out from the virtual shelf. Caesar sat to his right and was reading another book, “Military Council Charter”.
They sat together and quietly read, their expressions seriously focused.
After a moment, a Beta girl suddenly passed by them, saw Lin Yuan, and took the initiative to greet him: “Hiya, Squad Leader."
Lin Yuan looked up at her, and the girl smiled a sweet two dimpled smile, it was the Beta girl that had greeted him during the oath ceremony, Bossa.
Lin Yuan smiled and said: “Bossa, it's you ah.”
“Yup.” The girl nodded and sat down beside Lin Yuan: “I want to participate in the mech competition a month from now, so I came for some info."
“Oh? I'm joining in too. I'll recommend a few books for you.”
Lin Yuan opened the library's file sharing app on his light tablet, and directly uploaded several e-books he'd found to Bossa’s light tablet.
Bossa excitedly said: “Great, this is the book I'm looking for, thank you squad leader!"
Lin Yuan smiled: “You’re welcome, this book isn't half bad, read this one first."
Listening to the two people's enthusiastic conversation, Caesar couldn't help but give Lin Yuan a look.
This guy…
He always had a smiling face, and he was very talented, coupled with his new squad leader position, his popularity among the Beta would surely sky rocket. The Beta in the class obviously worshiped him, that Baker guy behaved like his sidekick, and even some Alpha liked him, like that Karl……
Caesar couldn't help but gently frown.
As roommates, why was their relationship less than passers-by?
Thinking of this, Caesar got up, walked behind Lin Yuan and softly asked: “You want to participate in the mech competition?"
His roommate suddenly appeared behind him like a spirit, causing Lin Yuan to jump and look back at Caesar in shock, he asked, puzzled, “Yeah, I want to register, why?”
Caesar continued to talk softly: "Light reading is no use, you need to practice in actual combat.”
Lin Yuan, of course, knew that the mech contest needed more experience than theoretical knowledge, but the school had thousands of students, yet a small amount of mechs in the rental center. Plus, Lin Yuan was poor, he couldn't afford his own armor, and the school had a time limit on rentals, so he wanted to get as much theoretical knowledge as he could before trying out real combat.
"I know." Lin Yuan said: “After the military training tomorrow, I'll rent a mech to practice."
Caesar pretended to casually say: “Actually, I have an armor that you can borrow to practice.”
Lin Yuan's eyes immediately lit up, "Really?”
Caesar calmly said: “Tomorrow, I'll take you to the training ground. Do you have time?”
Lin Yuan excitedly replied: “Yes!”
Looking at the man giving him a shining looking, Caesar’s mood finally improved – good, Lin Yuan’s shiny eyes should only be on me, this is the right plot.
***
At 11 o’clock in the evening, Lin Yuan and Caesar went back to the dormitory, because Caesar agreed to borrow him his mech to practice, Lin Yuan’s attitude towards Caesar was not as distant as before.
The two men chatted happily while walking.
“Caesar, what level is your armor?”
“… C-Class.”
“Oh.” Lin Yuan excitedly stared at him, "The game's armor level is also C-Class!”
Armor were graded according to their performance, A, B, C, D, E five grades, D Class and E Class didn't have combat capability, they were grades for robots used in daily life. C-Class was more high-end, a C-Class mech costs at least $200,000, only the rich could easily afford it. High caliber universities provided C-Class mech for the students to train with, and the conventional armor control test, and the mech games used C-Class mech, C-Class could be regarded as a more common grade.
Class B and Class A machines were directly controlled by the government, and a corresponding maneuverability certificate must be obtained to own one. Because those types of armor were super lethal, the weapons packed in could directly collapse a city, most people never get the opportunity to see one in person.
BCDE grades of the mech were manually controlled, operating them needed complex console commands. A-Class mech were both manual and voice controlled, in addition to using your hands, you could also issue orders.
The legendary class, even above A-Class, was the more advanced S-Class mech.
An S-Class mech's level of intelligence was not inferior to humans, the mech had an artificial soul. In other words, the master could directly connect to the armor's intelligence center, and use their brain to control the mech, and even reach the realm of man-machine unity!
Because the manufacturing process for S-Class armor was very cumbersome, and the required materials were difficult to obtain, the number of S-Class armor was very small, there was not more than ten in the entire Empire. Only the Major Generals, His Majesty, and Cepheus' heir to the throne were eligible to have them.
Lin Yuan, who was immersed in his excitement, didn't notice that when Caesar said “C-Class”, his face had instantly flashed a trace of embarrassment, and the white space button on his wrist flashed in indignation.
***
Back at the dormitory, Caesar opened the door and couldn't help but gently wrinkle his nose.
– Why is there an Omega pheromone scent in the house?
He looked around again and again, puzzled, and found that Snow’s bedroom door was closed, and Brian was lying on the sofa, watching a melodramatic romance. The Alpha in the film was saying 'I love you to death', and the confessed to Omega started shedding tears, while Brian watched with relish…..
Caesar really didn't feel like evaluating Brain's taste at the moment.
Lin Yuan clearly had no interest in this film, he greeted Brian then went back to his bedroom to sleep.
Caesar walked to Brian and sat down, he turned down the movie's sound a little and asked, “Did you come back early with Snow?”
Brian nodded: “Yup, Snow felt sick, so he went to sleep early.”
“Sick?” Caesar slightly frowned, he couldn't help but have more doubts.
Brian grew up with him, he was definitely an Alpha. Lin Yuan was with him in the library just now, so the strange smell of an Omega in the house … could only possibly come from Snow.
Caesar was silent for a moment before opening: “Brian, do you think there's a possibility that an Omega would inject an inhibitor that passes the serological test, and mix into the school?"
Brian was startled, he looked back at Caesar: “What are you saying? You mean, there's an inhibitor that can change the pheromone characteristics in the blood, and be undetectable to the school’s serology test?”
Here, Brian’s expression became serious. “This is more than a simple hormone inhibitor, it can change the blood. If there's such an inhibitor, wouldn't the Omega be fully camouflaged?”
Caesar was silent, after all, this was only his guess, there was no evidence. If there was such an inhibitor, and an Omega successfully used it, if anything went wrong in the future, there would definitely be unpredictable consequences.
His nose just sensed a weak scent, he couldn't be 100% accurate. Only, the first scent could be called a mistake, but repeatedly sensing Omega pheromone made Caesar go from "What's wrong with my nose?” to "There's something suspicious about Snow and Lin Yuan’s identity.”
Lin Yuan was optimistic, he didn't act like someone who was hiding a big secret. But Snow, the cold mysterious man always gave off an "I have a backstory” feeling. Plus, he was very uncomfortable around people, he especially hated physical contact with Alpha. Is that because he's an Omega?
As long as genetic testing was carried out, he could determine whether or not he was an Omega, but he didn't have the right to do so. Even if Snow really was an Omega, he'd injected inhibitors and infiltrated a military academy for his own reasons, since he didn't want to expose his identity, Caesar, as his roommate, wouldn't unnecessarily expose him.
Brian was still puzzled: “By the way, why did you suddenly ask this? Do you suspect someone is an Omega?”
Caesar paused, then calmly said, “Nothing, I was just asking.”
“Oh.” Brian turned back and continued to focus on his film.
Caesar accompanied him for a while, but really couldn't join in on his enjoyment, so he simply went to sleep.
***
The next day had good weather.
Lin Yuan woke up early in the morning. He found Snow readying to report early to his medical military training, Caesar was waiting for him in the dining room, and Brian was still sleepy.
Lin Yuan washed, then went into the dining room and smiled at Caesar: “Let's go."
Caesar also smiled at him, then the two men walked out together.
In fact, when him and Caesar were alone together, Lin Yuan still felt a bit awkward, especially when he thought of Karl's "Your roommate's identity is not simple, don't get too close to him.” advice, then Lin Yuan felt very uncomfortable.
– He didn't know Caesar's identity, he wouldn't be the legendary prince, right?
He didn't seem to have a prince’s arrogance, on the contrary, he treated him very well. He looked very handsome, had a very graceful smile, a good temper, and even sent gifts to Hobby, gave him food, wanted to lend him his armor…..
– Is it because he's special, so you're afraid to get close to him?
Lin Yuan suddenly felt a sting, you want to make friends during school, yet demand a separation because of hierarchy? You're not looking at his background and trying to curry favor with him, isn't being straightforward and upright friends enough?
Thinking of this, Lin Yuan couldn't help but look at Caesar and give him a friendly smile.
Caesar: “…”
The boy's smile was too dazzling under the sunlight, Caesar's heartbeat suddenly picked up, making him feel light-headed.
He was inexplicably happy, Lin Yuan actively gave him two smiles this morning, obviously, his attitude had softened from alertness, into the current trust and friendship.
The three methods to buy Lin Yuan: First, buy Hobby. Second, send food. Third, take him out to play.
All three methods were successful.
Caesar happily thought: This is a very good start.
***
The Military Command Department class lined up, as the Squad Leader, Lin Yuan was in the forefront, he faced the students and shouted: "In formation, attention-right!"
Every morning, line up the students before the instructors arrived, this was Knox's task for Lin Yuan, and Lin Yuan responsibly completed the task. When Knox arrived at the training ground, the Command students were neatly arranged in four rows of tall and upright flagpoles.
"Salute!”
Lin Yuan timely shouted, and the class immediately gave Instructor Knox a standard salute.
Knox returned a military salute, his eyes held a touch of appreciation.
Lin Yuan walked back to his position, and Knox stood in front of the students with a serious look: “There's no training today, I'm taking you on a field trip – the Military Museum."
The students were instantly excited when they heard the words.
For students that were just admitted to military school, to could already visit the Military Museum and witness the variety of military equipment, intelligent armor, warships, and all the kinds of reconnaissance aircraft the Empire had to offer….. It was enough to make the group of young people very excited!
Student Baker even recklessly ignored attention, he excitedly raised his hand and asked: “Instructor, is this an all day trip?"
Knox nodded, "The Military Museum is very far from here, we have to take two suspension buses, and it takes two hours to arrive. After the visit, we'll return in the evening.”
"Awesome!!” The group of people cheered happily, compared to standing under the scorching sun and doing boring physical training, spending a day in the Military Museum was obviously more interesting!
Lin Yuan’s heart was also filled with anticipation.
Military Museum?
Will there be advanced mech? Will a legendary S-level mech be on display?
***
Army Star's Military Museum.
A tall building with hundreds of layers displayed an array of numerous advanced military equipment.
The old curator, Brutus, and a few assistants patrolled the floors one by one on a staff lift.
Brutus solemnly said: “From today onwards, the students of San Romia Military Academy will come visit the museum in batches. The first batch is Command students, arriving at ten o’clock in the morning, do a good job at reception. Also, check the museum's security system again, make sure there are no omissions."
“Yes!” The crowd immediately nodded.
The lift stopped at the top.
Through the transparent glass window, you could see a wide interior, and a nearly 50 m high, enormous red machine was standing quietly.
Strangely, the armor was covered with chains, thick and strong electromagnetic chains, and its limbs were locked to the surrounding walls, so it was paralyzed in one position, as if it were a criminal being locked up and punished.
Although everyone knew that this machine didn't have enough energy to stir up trouble, it needed to be inspected every time, to see if it was firmly locked in place, but everyone still had to gather their courage when they checked…..
There was a subtle sense.
It had carried out numerous assaults on the enemy, in order to defend the Empire, it achieved countless feats, the intelligent S-Class mech, the most powerful Vanguard Combat Corps – Night Corps General Ling Yu's dedicated mech.
Suzaku.
At the moment, it was locked in a secret cell at the top of the museum, like a prisoner who had committed a felony.
Brutus was silent for a moment, then he turned to the subordinate responsible for security and said: “This layer must be locked up, access level should be set to the highest. I don't want anyone to see Suzaku imprisoned in here!"
The young man immediately nodded: “Yes, curator!"
At this time, the armor's fire red eyes seemed to suddenly flash a bit, Brutus turned back, but saw that it was still lifeless, motionless in place, so everyone ignored it as a momentary illusion.
==================================
Chapter 021: Military Museum
Lieutenant Colonel Knox, Commander Irene, and the 50 students in the military command section waited at the school gate for the large suspension bus.
The large suspension bus, which could hold dozens of people, looked like a turntable, a round body with many seats. Because of its size, it must drive at the bottom of the air suspension lane, and its speed was much slower than a regular suspension vehicle that could load five or six people.
But there were some advantages to being bulky and slow- the ride was very smooth.
The large suspension bus would run very smoothly, and standing in the bus was just like standing on the ground, even running and dancing wouldn't affect the body’s balance.
The 50 people sat in accordance with their student number, Lin Yuan and Caesar's school numbers were next to each other, so they sat together.
Instructor Irene smiled and said: "It'll take two hours to get to the museum, do you want to play some games?” Although they were already soldiers, after all, they were all 18-year-old children, there was no need to make everyone keep serious military discipline.
As soon as Irene said this, Student Baker immediately raised his hand and suggested: "Instructor, there are 50 students, if everyone performed something, we'll be finished in two hours! We can have singing, dancing, anything ah!"
Making everyone do something was indeed very fair, Irene thought about it and said: “Okay, then everyone perform something. Introduce yourself, we can all get familiar with each other!” Then she looked at Lin Yuan, “Lin Yuan, since you're the Squad Leader, you start first."
Since he was called out by the teacher, Lin Yuan had to stand up, he went to the middle of the open space, smiled and said: “I can't sing and dance, how about I show you some somersaults?"
Everyone was surprised a moment, they didn't know how he would perform "Somersaults”. Some people even thought: Somersaults? Isn't that what three-year-old children do for fun, somersaults ah? Squad Leader, what are you thinking?
Irene was very interested: “It doesn't matter, you can show us anything!”
Lin Yu smiled and scratched his head, then he stretched out his hands into the standard position and began flipping.
One, two, three…
Ten….. Thirty….. Fifty….. Eighty…..
Everyone's eyes glazed over as they gaped and looked at the Squad Leader rapidly flipping over and over and over again…..
Is he an acrobat? Doesn't he feel dizzy turning so much?
Everyone felt dizzy just looking…..
After Lin Yuan did 100 consecutive flips, he finally stopped, but everyone's eyes were already @ @. Lin Yuan smiled and bowed to everyone, then he calmly walked back and sat next to Caesar.
The bus was silent for five seconds, then a cheer suddenly sounded: “Awesome! Squad leader, you're too cool!"
Baker shouted excitedly. With student Baker in the lead, deafening cheers suddenly sounded in the bus, almost shaking the roof with applause. Many people looked toward Lin Yuan with admiring eyes.
Lin Yuan smiled at everyone, embarrassed.
When the applause finally stopped, Irene said: "Caesar's up next, we'll move according to seat order."
Caesar walked to the middle of the suspension bus and asked, “Can I put on some music?"
Irene nodded: “Of course you can.”
Caesar opened his mini light tablet and played a song.
Rhythmic heavy metal music sounded, Caesar stretched out his arms and began to dance before everyone's shocked eyes.
Caesar’s dance was very entertaining, his muscles and bones were under his control, his hands and feet moved freely, every part of his body swung precisely. He danced in perfect rhythmic fusion with the music, explosive dancing, causing everyone to stare in shock.
This is an Alpha's momentum!
Caesar’s dance was not only very powerful, you couldn't look away from it, like you were watching a professional level dancer! He actually incorporated a lot of fighting art into the fluid dance, every action was smooth, simple and accurate, like a performance that was planned in advance!
When the music finally stopped, Caesar took a bow and swung out an arm in invitation, like inviting a dance partner, this simple action gave the performance a gentlemanly mood!
The bus exploded in screams and applause!
Caesar smiled and bowed to everyone, then turned back to his seat.
Lin Yuan applauded while watching Caesar and asked: “Do you dance as a hobby ah? You danced really well."
“……Really?”
Because Lin Yuan happily praised him, Caesar couldn't help but also smile.
– Have you finally noticed my good points?
– Since you praised me, I'll also boast you.
Caesar looked back at Lin Yuan and leaned to his ear to whisper: “Your somersaults were pretty cool, your body is so flexible, did you learn acrobatics?”
Lin Yuan smiled and said, “No, I was too naughty when I was a child, I liked to do somersaults on my bed for really long times."Caesar: “………………”
At that moment, Caesar really wanted to rub Lin Yuan's head.
He thought of a small Lin Yuan excitedly flipping and rolling around on his bed. That must've been….. super cute right? I wonder if his family recorded him or have childhood pictures, I really want to see what he looked like as a kid…
Caesar looked back at Lin Yuan, but Lin Yuan was looking intently at the next performer.
Unfortunately, in accordance with the seat order, the next performer happened to be Karl from the neighboring dormitory.
Karl was singing, his smiling face and demeanor making him fit in with any of the popular celebrities. Moreover, Karl’s voice was very soft, and he was singing a recently popular love song, his gentle voice slipped into the ear, like a lover’s whisper.
Although he didn't like Karl, he had to admit that his singing was quite pleasant. But, seeing Lin Yuan's earnestly intoxicated expression as he listened to Karl's singing, Caesar couldn't help but feel somewhat annoyed.
Next time, he had to find a chance to sing in front of Lin Yuan. Actually, he couldn't just dance, his singing ability was not inferior to Karl's…..
Caesar silently thought this in his heart.
The performances continued. It turned out that the class had a lot of talented people, some people could mimic animals, some people said tongue twisters, and Bossa even performed an old-school ballet.
After the talent show, the distance between the students seemed to close in, and Squad Leader Lin Yuan even got to clearly record the names of all the class members and memorize their faces.
***
At ten o’clock in the morning, the suspension bus finally arrived at the Military Museum.
The museum was the largest Military Museum in the Empire, it was built in the middle of the endless plains, and was divided into several buildings. The tallest one was thousands of meters high, and you couldn't see the top if you looked up. The huge complex covered ​​more than 10,000 square meters, and a large number of military equipment were on display.
The group of students excitedly ran out from the suspension bus and met the museum staff standing in a row by the door. A young man stepped forward and shook hands with Colonel Knox and Commander Irene, then said to the students: “Students, welcome to the Military Museum! You'll be the first group to visit! Your class will be divided into five groups, and the tour guides will take you to visit different exhibition areas! Please don't make noise in the museum, photography equipment is not allowed either! If there are any questions, you can raise your hands and ask!"
“Okay!” The crowd immediately nodded.
The 50 people automatically divided into five groups according to school number and followed the five tour guides. Knox and Irene were invited to the curator’s office, they have visited the museum countless times, they didn't need to see it again. The museum's tour guides were specifically trained to lead students, they didn't need to worry about them.
Lin Yuan, Caesar, Karl, and Baker were in the fifth group, they followed a female tour guide to the 50th floor of A District.
The tour guide took everyone into the exhibition hall. An ancient spacecraft was displayed in the open hall, it was ten times smaller than today’s space ships, and because of its age, some parts of the spacecraft had begun to fade.
The tour guide smiled and said: “Students, you are now looking at the Pearl No. 01 spacecraft. This spacecraft has a special significance, who knows it?"
The tour guide looked in Lin Yuan's direction, Lin Yuan replied: “This is the first interplanetary passenger ship in the history of mankind. The first batch of people who left earth used this Pearl No. 01."
The tour guide continued to question, “Why is it called the Pearl?”
Lin Yuan replied: “Because pearls have always been used as a lucky stone for wedding anniversaries, it symbolizes health, purity and happiness. When the ship was made by the spacecraft engineers, the hope was that after leaving earth, humanity would still be able to live healthy and happy lives. So it was named the Pearl. Afterwards, all the interstellar passenger space ships followed the tradition."
The female tour guide smiled and nodded, "This answer is very good, your historical knowledge foundation is obviously very solid."
Lin Yuan also smiled back at her.
Student Baker proudly said: “Ms. Tour Guide, he is our Squad Leader!”
The tour guide said: “Oh, no wonder! Your Squad Leader is very powerful ah!"
Everyone immediately nodded and echoed: “Yeah he is!”
Lin Yuan: “…..”
He looked back at Caesar, and found that Caesar was also smiling at him. Lin Yuan scratched his head and turned away from his line of sight.
The woman looked closely at Lin Yuan and her heart couldn't help but doubt - A military command class made a Beta the Squad Leader? And all the Alpha in this group seem to have no objection to this? The Alpha who is standing by him is even looking at him with eyes full of….. Admiration?
The tour guide took the 10 people to each layer.
The first set of covert reconnaissance ships, the first intelligent armor, the first military aircraft carrier, various models of warships….. The museum showcased hundreds of years of the Empire's military history since establishment, causing everyone to be dazzled, it was a feast for the eyes.
Especially the 80th floor, the Intelligent Machine armor area. They looked at the display of machine armors through the huge glass pane, looking left and right in excitement.
Many of the armors had long histories, and some of them had even accompanied master mech pilots in tough situations, they were war heroes. The only regret was that most of the mech in the museum were B-Class. There was only one A-Class, and it was only displayed as an exhibit because it was seriously damaged beyond repair. Lin Yuan looked at the giant, more than 30 meters high A-Class mech and couldn't help but exclaim in his heart: A-Class is really on another level, it's super awe-inspiring!
The group of people walked around A District's 80th floor in excitement, it was already noon.
The tour guide smiled and said: “Okay, we're done with the top floor. I'll give you ten minutes to take care of any personal business. In ten minutes, we'll go back down to the first floor to join everyone for lunch. Then in the afternoon, we'll tour the floors below 50!”
Everyone immediately dispersed, some people went to the self-help sales robots to buy water, some left to find a bathroom.
Lin Yuan stood in place, reluctant to leave the mechs behind the window pane, he couldn't help but think - It'd be awesome if I had one, unfortunately, I can't afford it. But, if I have a successful graduation and good results in three years, then I can be a lieutenant of a small corps, and get a mech of my own…..
Lin Yuan was looking forward to a better future when he suddenly heard a strange sound coming from above him. The surrounding students were gone, the space should be quiet, but it sounded like a chain was being dragged on the ground, the harsh sound made Lin Yuan’s scalp numb.
– Isn’t this the top floor of the museum? Why is there such a strange sound over head?
Lin Yuan walked to the entrance of the elevator, puzzled.
Sure enough, the highest number the elevator could reach was the 80th floor, his current floor.
If the 80th floor is the highest level, why is there still a sound over head? Is there an upstairs?
Lin Yuan turned the corner and found an exit.
Although most of the buildings now used electric lifts, they still retained traditional staircases in case of fires or power outages that could trap people inside.
Lin Yuan pushed the door to go inside, but found that…..the door was locked?
Why is the door locked? Shouldn't it be open in case of emergency?
This made Lin Yuan even more puzzled, he looked through the glass on the door and saw stairs leading down…. And a staircase leading up! The upstairs door was closed tightly, and without hearing the strange burst of sound, most people would think it was the rooftop!
Why is the door of the emergency exit locked?
Lin Yuan scratched his head, puzzled. Just as he turned away, he suddenly heard a crisp "snap” sound above him, like a chain link being shattered! Then, there was a shuffling sound, it was very strange, as if some trapped beast was struggling desperately!
“…” What's going on? What’s on the roof? Are there people working up there?
Lin Yuan listened to the strange sound, his heart rate was inexplicably speeding up. He had a very strange intuition, or was it a subtle irritation…..whatever was upstairs was very familiar!
It was as if some power was attracting him.
The gravitational force was so strong that Lin Yuan’s body unconsciously moved towards the door!
Lin Yuan leaned forward for a closer look and found that the right side of the door had a rectangular magnetic card reader.
All kinds of buildings had these types of card identification areas nowadays. In their dormitory, their identity card could be used as a key, in higher security places, there was fingerprint or pupil scanners.
Lin Yuan took out his military school card and brushed it, but there was no response. After thinking for a while, he took out the platinum crystal card his mother had given him and gently swiped it –
A shocking scene happened!
With the platinum card over the sensor, the door actually opened!
Lin Yuan was surprised, then he excitedly climbed up the stairs. He stood at the second door and once again swiped his crystal card.
The heavy metal door slowly opened, and Lin Yuan walked into the room. A glare of light reflected through a huge floor window, causing Lin Yuan to reflexively cover his eyes, at this time, the door behind him suddenly closed.
The door probably closes automatically?
Lin Yuan looked back at the door curiously, then he turned to look around the room –
In a football field sized space, a giant 50-meter-high mech proudly stood!
The armor's body was fiery red, and the metal looked dazzling under the shining sun! Although the mech was huge, its body was structured very smoothly, every joint was perfectly designed!
Its red body shone in the sunlight, it looked like the armor was bathing in fire!
It was the most beautiful mech Lin Yuan had ever seen! More beautiful than all the armor he'd seen in the network galleries!
The most extreme feature was the crisscrossed electromagnetic chains covering the armor. The moment Lin Yuan had walked through the door, the armor suddenly shook fiercely, and the chains covering its body split and completely broke!
“…..” Lin Yuan froze in astonishment and stared up at it with wide eyes.
“…..” The armor seemed to also be stunned for a moment, then it slightly bowed its head, its red eyes flashing as it looked at the small human it could effortless trample to death with one foot. It was silent for a long time before asking, "Pardon my rudeness, can you help me with a favor?"
Lin Yuan stared and pointed to his nose: “You…you, you're talking to me?”
The armor nodded and softly said, “Yes. Do you want to drive an S-Class mech? Come here, come to me. I’ll teach you how to drive."
He said this and popped open the cockpit in his chest, then he bent down to bring the cockpit to Lin Yuan.
“…”
What the hell is going on?
Not only can the mech speak directly, it can also take the initiative to invite someone to drive it? Is there such a sentient mech?
Although his heart was very puzzled, this was the first time Lin Yuan had seen the S-Class mech, yet he seemed to have a strange attraction to it. He excitedly jumped into Suzaku's cockpit and asked: “You're really S-Class? Are you 50 meters tall? Oh right, what's your name?"
The armor didn't answer him, it just straightened himself up and closed the cockpit door.
The moment the cockpit door closed, Lin Yuan saw the door of the room open and Caesar rush in.
“Lin Yuan -!”
The familiar voice entered his ear, but before Lin Yuan could respond, his body was tightly wrapped by red nerve fibers!
At the same time, Suzaku suddenly started his engine and soared up, directly crashing through the museum’s roof!
Bright red wings burst out from its shoulders, and the fire red armor looked like a phoenix. With shocking speed it quickly flew up to an altitude of 90,000 meters!
===================================
Chapter 022: Smart Armor Suzaku
… What’s going on?
He went to the bathroom, then came back to find that Lin Yuan had suddenly disappeared. Caesar looked around anxiously, saw an opened corridor door and immediately rushed in, just in time to see another door shut behind Lin Yuan.
He walked to the door and found that the door had automatically locked, and it was set to the most advanced access permission. Caesar took out his identity card and brushed it at the sensor, the door opened, and he saw a shocking scene –
Lin Yuan jumped into a large mech's cockpit, and the red armor directly jumped into the sky, fleeing the museum!
Caesar almost chocked!
– Lin Yuan!
Caesar shouted, but there was no response!
Damn, why did that fool jump straight into the cockpit? That huge red mech was clearly an S-Class – the highest level intelligent mech! Their intelligence is not inferior to mankind!
The Empire only had ten S-Class mech, and due to confidentiality, average people didn't understand the true intelligence of S-Class mech. They only knew that they were very powerful, but they didn't know just how powerful.
S-Class mech were controlled with the mind, they needed to have a Master that matches their spirit, someone who doesn't own the machine must not drive it! If the driver’s mental threshold was not high enough, or the driver was not recognized by the mech, they were likely to be counter-controlled by the powerful armor, or even deemed an enemy and destroyed!
Lin Yuan doesn't drive an S-Class armor, he doesn't even understand the principle of handling an S-Class mech, he'll get in an accident!
Caesar had never been so anxious in his life, the moment Suzaku took off, he didn't hesitate to press the space button on his wrist, “White Feather, fast-catch up!”
“Yes! Master!” Hearing the Master's call, White Feather immediately changed his body, pushed Caesar directly into his chest's cockpit, jumped and launched his wings!
Pure white wings like the wings of a large bird, giant mech wings, immediately sped upwards at a speed similar to Suzaku!
***
Suzaku's cockpit.
Lin Yuan, who was wrapped by the nerve fibers, was undergoing the matching process with Suzaku’s intelligence center.
0% … 1% … 2%…
The matching process percentage was consistently climbing upwards on the screen.
At the moment, Lin Yuan's mind seemed to be replaying memories in strange movie-like fragments, his brain felt like it was about to explode, he felt like thousands of insects were tearing at his nerves!
In the man-machine spirit matching process, he was forced to view Suzaku's memories!
More than a decade of following his former owner on the battlefield, being drenched in the enemy’s blood, the excitement, more than ten years of imprisonment in the museum’s top secret room. He couldn't escape the lonely and painful memories….. The joy of victory, the sadness when Master left, the reluctance of imprisonment…..
Many years of repressed memories poured directly into the 18-year-old's mind, Lin Yuan’s spirit was about to collapse!
***
“Hello, my name is Ling Yu, our spirit match was successful, so I'll be your Master. What would you like as a name, something to match your redness…..is Suzaku good?"
“I don't like it.”
“Oh, well, I’ll make you like it.”
“…”
“Suzaku, I'm an Omega…that day you did the genetic testing…you already knew right?”
“What are you going to do?”
“Oh well, I've been using inhibitors for so many years, no harm in continuing.”
“But it's dangerous…”
“In what way? I was born an Omega, if I didn't do this, I would've been forced to match with a stranger and have children at 18 … that’s the rules of life’s game. That's the real danger.”
“Master, your body’s Omega Pheromone has reached its peak, you have to…”
"Don't say it! Immediately adjust the sailing route, let the Night Corps go directly to the Issyville cosmic wormhole!”
“Master……”
“I’m sorry Suzaku, I can't take you with me.”
The plot of the former owner and armor poured in, from the moment of that first encounter, to the day of parting, the scenes flashed in front of his eyes, causing Lin Yuan’s mind to whirl in chaos. He clenched his fists, his brain overflowing with memory scenes over and over again, assaulting him with shockingly terrible pain, causing Lin Yuan to curl up and bite his lips until it bleed.
“Son, what do you want to be named? How about Little Yuan? ….. Don’t cry, don’t cry, you like the name, right? It's okay, I'll make you like it.” There was a gentle voice whispering in his ear.
“Son, you'll grow up to be a Beta, a healthy and happy Beta ….. okay?"
“Little Yuan, your daddy will give you something delicious, it's called cake. Come, say it with daddy, ca-ake…..silly goose it's
cake not kale
!"
“Little Yuan, you stole the ice cream again right? So naughty, and eats all day, you look like Porky Pig!”
“Little Yuan, sorry, daddy has to go, he can’t take you with him. Be obedient okay? No matter what difficulties you face, you must stay strong to live …..”
“Dad……”
He heard a hoarse tender voice shouting, “Dad, don’t leave me….. Daddy …..”
The man never looked back. The weather on that planet was freezing cold.
Then, the child’s arm was injected with a cold liquid, he lost consciousness, and lost his memories.
He didn't remember that man’s appearance, didn't remember anything before the age of four, didn't even remember his name…..
Lin Yuan's eyes reddened, he began to struggle desperately.
His memories were in disorder, he wasn't clear if the memory was from the mech or himself, but, the memory of the man’s voice, made him want to cry…..
Dad……
Is that my dad?
This kind of forced recall, with complete remembrance of little details, was too painful. His heart was battered with waves of pain, like a rope was tied around it and pulling tightly!
5% … 20% … 80% … 100%!!!
The matching process percentage on the screen suddenly soared to 100% within five seconds!
Lin Yuan’s spirit immediately began to control Suzaku!
“…”
Suzaku was shocked!
This was just an eighteen year old child, he'd only led him into the cockpit to control him and get enough spiritual power and energy to escape!
He had been shut off for too long, his spiritual power was declining, even his secretly hidden energy resource was running out, if he wanted to escape, he had to rely on a human's power. He didn't expect that the young man's spirit was so tenacious, he not only couldn't control it smoothly, the boy even counter controlled his intelligence center!
Suzaku tried to suppress Lin Yuan, but Lin Yuan’s will resolutely struggled against him!
Both sides were in a stalemate, causing Suzaku's intelligence center and Lin Yuan's spirit to suddenly jumble in chaos!
Son? Be a Beta? Father? Live strongly?
What are these memories?
Why does this child's memory, have a very familiar figure –
General Ling Yu!
***
Not far behind, Caesar was frowning deeply. The red armor was suddenly flying unsteadily, it even launched a series of particles guns. White Feather was unprepared for an attack, he flew up and down in clumsy dodges and instinctively tried to counterattack. Caesar immediately ordered: "Don’t fire back! Lin Yuan is in there, don’t hurt him!"
“…..” White Feather was silent for a moment, then it began shouting back defiantly, “Master, that's Suzaku ah! Don't attack so it doesn't get hurt, but also follow it closely and capture it, this is too difficult Master! He’s an S-Class like me!”
Caesar, of course, knew this. White Feather and Suzaku were at the same level, they normally would not dare to attack each other, even if they went all out in a real fight, it would lead to a tie.
White Feather was annoyed: "This sucks! Ancestor Suzaku is my idol. Master! I really don't want to chase it ah!
Caesar frowned: "Try to connect to the other cockpit, I want to see Lin Yuan's situation!”
“… Unable to connect.”
“What?”
“The driver on the other side didn’t respond! Suzaku’s intelligence center seems to be in a….. Oh….. oh no…..” Another group of light energy shots fired over, and White Feather moved to avoid the danger. White Feather said gloomily, "Not again! We'll be blown to pieces at this rate! Its intelligence center is messed up! It's out of control! Master, do something!"
Caesar was silent for a moment, then he calmly said: "Forcibly invade Suzaku’s intelligence center!”
“…..” White Feather didn't respond, he silently began to invade the other’s intelligence center.
A powerful electromagnetic interference abruptly enveloped Suzaku. Suzaku was already in a state of chaos because of Lin Yuan's spirit confrontation, so White Feather's invasion easily succeeded. The situation in Suzaku's cockpit immediately appeared on Caesar's screen.
Caesar saw Lin Yuan under Suzaku's control in its cockpit.
He was tightly wrapped like a dumpling by red nerve fibers, Lin Yuan was curled up, twitching painfully, occasionally breaking out in intense struggles. His sweat had already soaked his clothes, his eyes were red, and his lips had been bitten bloody.
“Dad……”
Lin Yuan faintly cried, his pale lips slightly trembling.
“Daddy … Don’t leave me…”
Caesar’s heart suddenly tightened.
Like a hand had forcefully grabbed it, an acute heartache instantly spread over his body, the always calm Caesar was furious: “Suzaku! Stop it! You’re going to break Lin Yuan's spirit! Stop! ”
Almost all S-Class mech underwent matching with a driver's spirit when they were freshly manufactured, empty of memories. After a successful match, they would be loyal to their Master.
Suzaku had ten years of memories with Ling Yu, plus he was imprisoned for ten more years, his intelligence center had too much messy memories. Now that he was forcibly matching with Lin Yuan, the two sides were fighting with each other, trying to subdue the other, the consequences of repressing each other was a mental breakdown!
Caesar stared intently at the huge, fire red, bird like S-Class mech, Suzaku, desperately wanting to tear it to pieces! That idiot Lin Yuan had never driven an S-Class mech, he didn't know how powerful an S-Class armor was! Watching Suzaku trying to control Lin Yuan's spirit, giving him memory disorders and making him tremble in pain, Caesar was crazy with anguish!
“- Suzaku! Land now!”
Caesar’s cold voice sounded in the other’s cockpit, but Suzaku apparently couldn't process his words, it still stubbornly flew forward with the fastest speed, its huge red wings beating, shimmering brilliantly under the sunlight.
White Feather suddenly shouted: "Master! Master! We're quickly approaching the Barila Grand Canyon, and Suzaku is running out of energy. Its energy levels is only 2%….. 1% … ah ah ah! Its going down…..”
The energy exhausted Suzaku suddenly began rapidly falling!
Below it was the Barila Grand Canyon, its depth reached thousands of meters! If they couldn't catch it in time, such a drop would definitely destroy it!
“…..” Caesar’s heartbeat almost stopped, then he immediately used his spiritual power to directly control White Feather. At that moment, Caesar and White Feather's spiritual integration directly jumped to 300%, the highest man-machine combination! At this moment, as long as Caesar thought it, regardless of the order, White Feather would immediately react like it was his real body!
The huge pure white mech suddenly spread its wings as far as it could stretch, then it accelerated downwards, moving towards Suzaku's falling path – swooping down!
Suzaku had almost reached the bottom of the canyon, it had already given up hope.
Because of its confrontation with the young man's spirit, its intelligence center was in chaos, and it accidentally fired off its particle guns, exhausting its already low energy. It couldn't even change its size, it could only let itself drop.
That poor child in the cockpit, he is so young….. His memories have the General's figure….. Is he the General's child?
Suzaku thought in sadness.
If it really crashed, it could only use the scrape of energy it still had left to eject an escape pod, hoping to save the child.
3000 meters….. 500 meters….. 10 meters…..
It was falling at a fast speed, Suzaku immediately braced itself for an impact with the rocks at the bottom!
At that moment, he was suddenly covered by a huge shadow, that shadow shrouded his whole body and lifted him up -!
White Feather's arms suddenly stretched down and accurately grasped Suzaku’s shoulder, then it did and aerial jump and immediately lifted Suzaku upwards. They narrowly avoided the dangerous rocks at the bottom of the canyon, like dodging a waterfall of rocks, then they directly flew out of the Barila Grand Canyon with the fastest speed!
“…..” Caesar’s forehead was dripping with cold sweat.
“…..” White Feather also felt lingering fear, "Ah ah ah ah, Master, your math must be very good, we save it by just ten meters! Ten meters! You scared the crap out of me!"
Caesar finally felt slightly relieved, his palm was slippery with sweat.
He had been even more frightened than White Feather, his heart had almost stopped. If he had been ten meters short, Suzaku’s head would've stuck the ground!
The faster a mech was moving, the faster their fall, he was a good distance away from Suzaku, even though they're the same level, it would not be easy to catch up. Seeing Suzaku falling from such a high place, if he couldn't save it, and Suzaku and Lin Yuan crashed into the Grand Canyon, and the machine was destroyed…..
He didn't even dare think about the consequences!
At that time, Caesar and White Feather integrated and dived at the fastest speed!
After a long silence, White Feather regained his balance and flew steadily at a high altitude while clutching Suzaku.
If you looked up from the ground, it would look like one red and one white bird were flying gracefully.
“Oh, does this mean I rescued Ancestor Suzaku?” White Feather asked, then he shamelessly moved his arms to cling to Suzaku's waist and cheerfully said, “Master, I think this hold is more stable, what do you think?"
Caesar: “…”
This machine had definitely stayed with Brian for too long, it had absorbed all of Brian's shamelessness.
White Feather continued excitedly: “I saved Ancestor Suzaku~ I saved Ancestor Suzaku! I can't wait to tell the other armors about this, they'll be soooo jealous!"
Caesar calmly said: “If you don't want to be executed by the Mech Association, you better not mention this to anyone."
“….. Oh.” White Feather closed his mouth, aggrieved.
“Find a vacant land to put Suzaku down, I want to see Lin Yuan's situation."
“…..” White Feather silently looked for a wide prairie and slowly landed, steadily resting Suzaku on the ground.
Suzaku’s cockpit immediately popped open, and Caesar quickly jumped in to find Yuan.
Lin Yuan's spirit was strongly fluctuating, he was barely conscious. But when he became aware of a familiar warm atmosphere, he instinctively stretched out his arms and directly rushed into the boy's arms in front of him.
“…..” Caesar's body stiffened, then he immediately reached out to catch Lin Yuan.
The boy's flexible body leaned on him, shivering in his arms. He brought up his arms to hug his neck, and softly whispered: “Dad …..”
Caesar: “…”
Lin Yuan was clearly recalling bad childhood memories. The always optimistic boy actually revealed such a sad expression.
Looking at his pale face, Caesar's heart softened, he tightened his arms and held Lin Yuan up, then he walked back to White Feather's cockpit while gently whispering in the boy's ear: “I'm here, don't be afraid, it'll be okay.”
“… Master! Master! You said outsiders can't come into the cockpit!” Perceiving a stranger’s breath in his body, White Feather immediately resisted, “This is my cockpit, you can't just walk in with outsiders!”
“He's not an outsider.”
Then Caser lightly added, “Oh right, I order you to mute! If you talk anymore nonsense, I’ll have Brian drop you down to C-Class.”
“…..” White Feather obediently muted.
Without the annoying background noise, Caesar brought Lin Yuan into the spacious cockpit bedroom.
Lin Yuan was clinging tightly to his neck, his head buried in his chest, his pale lips and his body was still trembling.
The boy was in a coma, defenselessly lying on his chest, causing Caesar to feel distressed, he immediately tightly hugged him back.
========================================
Chapter 023: Tempted
Only major military Generals and prominent leaders in the royal family were eligible to own S-Class mechs, so their interior design was naturally very luxurious. White Feather's full body expansion was more than 100 meters wide, its cockpit was very spacious, and in addition to the driving platform, there was an independent bedroom for the owner. The size and specifications of the bedroom was even better than a first class hotel suite.
However, the bedroom within Caesar's armor was not so extravagant. He valued comfort and practicality above all, so the bedroom space was fully utilized and decorated in a very simple and clean way.
The spacious bed had a soft white mattress, Caesar gently rested Lin Yuan on the bed, but Lin Yuan seemed to be stuck in a fearful memory, he immediately clung tightly to Caesar's neck, repeatedly calling out for his father.
Caesar was stunned for a moment.
Lin Yuan….. Was probably mistaking him for his father in his memory? So he was holding him tightly?
Cough, although he was very tangled from being identified as a father, Lin Yuan was tightly holding him, so Caesar felt distressed and soft-hearted. Seeing Lin Yuan's pale complexion, his heart felt sore, so Caesar immediately ignored being awkwardly called "Dad”, and gently embraced Lin Yuan.
"Don't be afraid … It’s all right …”
Like appeasing a frightened animal, Caesar stretched out his slender fingers and stroked Lin Yuan's back.
He seemed to feel a warm presence, so Lin Yuan buried his face deeper into Caesar's bosom, his body still slightly trembling. His forehead was constantly oozing sweat, but his arms stubbornly gripped Caesar.
Caesar couldn't help but tighten his arms, one arm wrapped around the boy's waist, the other hand patiently and gently rubbing his back, as well as petting his hair, trying to appease him.
“I'm here, I won't leave you …”
“Okay … don't be sad …”
Caesar’s voice was gentle as water, as if he was coaxing a lover.
White Feather: “………………”
This is too nauseating, Master! This is a high-tech society Master! When you encounter this situation, you only need to give him a tiny dose of tranquilizers! You really don't need to use "Hands-on” "Manual” "Repetitive” means to pacify him ah!
Unfortunately, White Feather was ordered to be quiet, so he dared not speak out, he only looked at the two embracing in the bedroom with a puzzled curiosity.
He’s not an outsider?
Is he….. a so-called 'wife'?
Thinking of this, White Feather immediately forgot the "mute” command in his excitement, he projected a small virtual White Feather and floated into the bedroom, “Master! You just said he's not an outsider right? I understand! He must be your fancied
Prince
Princess
! Prince Princess is really good-looking ah! Beautiful eyes, cute nose, hair is my favorite pure black….."
Caesar looked at him impatiently, "Shut up, don't wake him up.”
Lin Yuan had finally calmed down and fallen asleep when this chatty White Feather ran over. Caesar really regretted lending it to Brian so he could study the manufacturing principles of S-Class mech. White Feather stayed with Brian for half a month and came back like this!
The melodramatic romance dramas Brian loved watching produced mental toxins that completely polluted White Feather…..
“I know.” At his Master's fierce glare, White Feather immediately put away his voice and directly communicated with Caesar by spirit connection, “Master are you sure you want to choose him as Prince Princess? He seems to be a Beta ah? The royal family must combine with Omega to keep the royal family bloodline pure! Did you really fall in love with a Beta? You're so courageous ah!"
Caesar: “…”
White Feather floated curiously in the air: “Are you going to give up being heir to the Cepheus throne and elope with him?
Caesar: “…”
White Feather excitedly said: “I know, you must have a good plan. You'll take him to a beautiful secluded place and live happily in a world for two right? I understand! This is the true love of humanity! Rest assured, I'll take up with you two fugitives and flee to the end of the universe, protecting you from the bounty hunters His Majesty will send to capture you! I'll definitely support you, and always accompany you, and dutifully take good care of you, and watch your children grow up ….."
Caesar glanced at it coldly, then pressed the manual shutdown button.
White Feather: “………………”
While being forced to close down his intelligence center, White Feather couldn't help but think: Sure enough, the guy who speaks the truth is always punished! After speaking the Master's thoughts, I was shut down, the Master must be shy!
At the moment, Caesar was thinking – Brian definitely made that mech watch a bunch of his melodramatic love dramas with him!
Just what the heck is going on in White Feather's intelligence center?! Does he have a collection of every kind of contrived romantic film plot? He really felt ashamed to be his master….. Luckily Lin Yuan was still asleep, so he didn't hear that nonsense.
He looked back to his arms and found that Lin Yuan's expression was very uneasy, he was frowning tightly, apparently caught in a terrible nightmare.
Caesar took off his coat and shoes, laid him on the bed, smoothed out his messy hair and tucked him in with the quilt.
He searched around in the bedroom for the healing instrument, and took it over to check Lin Yuan's vitals. He found no big problems with his body, but the curve on the EEG had abnormal fluctuations, obviously, his mental state was very poor. It must be because he was forced to accept memories from Suzaku, leading to his memory disorder.
Caesar took a sedative, lifted Lin Yuan’s hand, and injected the medicine into his vein.
Lin Yuan gradually quieted down with the sedative, and his brain’s mental fluctuations slowly became stable, ten seconds later, he entered into a deep and peaceful sleep. The various values ​​on the healing instrument also returned to normal.
Caesar finally relaxed.
Fortunately, Lin Yuan’s spirit was strong enough, he'd managed to force himself to handle his memory disorders. If that wasn't the case, Lin Yuan would've had a mental breakdown and become a madman! That kind of mental torment was many times more terrible than fleshly torture!
Thinking of this, Caesar's heart suddenly clamped in pain. He looked at the pale boy lying on the bed, and his heart suddenly produced a strong desire to protect him, to never let him be hurt!
When an Alpha faces their loved ones, the first feelings produced is this strong desire to protect! Then it's the desire to conquer, and the desire to monopolize! When an Alpha's pheromones suddenly begin to fluctuate violently, it's a sign that the Alpha has
fallen in love
!
“…..” Caesar immediately dropped Lin Yuan’s hand, and stiffly turned away from the cockpit.
Caesar walked out of the cockpit, temporarily depressed from his chaotic thoughts, and saw Suzaku where White Feather had dropped him on the ground.
Although White Feather was headache inducingly chatty, as an S-Class intelligent mech, he still had a sense of propriety when working. It chose to land in a desolate, undeveloped prairie, with no monitoring systems nearby, so they didn't have to worry about being tracked.
Caesar walked to Suzaku's front, frowning, and asked: "Tell me Suzaku, why did you escape today?”
Suzaku remained silent, apparently he was not at ease with the person in front of him.
Caesar paused, then took out his platinum card for Suzaku to look at, and softly said: “You should be able to guess my identity right? The mech I'm driving today is called White Feather, it was made by Mr. Aston, the same as you. Your manufacturing process is similar, so it could easily invade your intelligence center."
Suzaku was silent for a while, then he finally asked: “You're…the Fourth Prince?”
Caesar nodded, then slowly said, “Suzaku, I have no malicious intentions. Your energy is exhausted, you can't escape, and the museum people are chasing you. If you don't want to be caught and brought back to the museum, it's best to tell me what's going on. Maybe I can think of a way to help you."
Suzaku’s red eyes flashed for a moment, then he said: “I don't want to be kept there like a prisoner. I’ve been waiting for a chance to escape all these years. But when they imprisoned me, they unloaded all the energy stores in my body, a machine cannot move without energy."
“Fortunately, when Mr. Aston made me, he installed a light conversion system, so I can store and use solar energy. Only Mr. Aston and my Master knew about it. These years, I've been taking advantage of the minutes during their daily inspections to accumulate light energy, so I could save enough energy for when I found a chance to escape ….."
Suzaku paused, "I don't know how Master is doing, I’d love to find him.”
Caesar asked, puzzled: “Master? You mean General Ling Yu?”
Suzuki said, “Yes, you know him?”
Caesar was silent.
About General Ling Yu, he only knew that he was the Night Corps' General who had injected illegal Omega inhibitors, and after being expelled from military, he was sentenced to life-long house arrest, but somehow he stole an armor and escaped Cepheus, then he encountered a cosmic sandstorm and was buried in the interstellar ruins.
This matter was over nineteen years old. The military dissolved the Night Corps and blocked all the news about the matter, and over the years, no one ever mentioned the name Ling Yu.
Caesar only knew this much because he'd visited Marshal Rosen’s house when he was a child and had inadvertently found Ling Yu's tomb in the back garden. The monument was engraved with 'The Imperial Night Corps, Tomb of General Ling Yu'. Caesar was very puzzled – Why did they stand a tombstone at a house, instead of the cemetery the Empire dedicates for burying martyrs?
After returning to the palace, the puzzled Caesar pestered his mother about this matter. The frustrated Queen Anna whispered the reason to him, and warned him not to mention it to anyone.
Caesar learned the cause and effect, and couldn't help but feel sorry for that very talented General Ling Yu. Child Caesar even felt that the military court people were too unreasonable, they actually expulsed General Ling Yu out of the army because he was an Omega.
Of course, he was only 10 years old, and a prince must be cautious, so he could only secretly say these thoughts in his heart.
The experience of General Ling Yu had very much touched Caesar's heart.
Unexpectedly, today he actually got a chance to witness the legendary exclusive armor of General Ling Yu – Suzaku!
Caesar was silent for a moment, then he said, “You want to find your Master? Don't you know he’s dead?”
Suzaku froze, "He ….. died?”
Caesar nodded: “He was sentenced to life-long house arrest by the military court, but he later took an armor and escaped Cepheus, encountered a cosmic sandstorm, and was buried in the interstellar ruins. It's been nineteen years.”
“…”
Nineteen years? He was imprisoned for so long…..
Suzaku was silent for a moment, he looked as sad as a robot could look, his head lowered.
Although the armors were a mixture of metal, their intelligence center was quite advanced, especially the S-Class armors, their intelligence center was modeled almost exactly after a human's nervous system. When a Master and armor stayed together for a long time, it was very normal for both of them to grow emotionally attached. Suzaku suddenly learned the news of his Master's death, it should be very sad, right?
Caesar didn't know how to comfort it, so he stayed silent.
But at the moment, Suzaku was thinking about another matter – according to his time estimates, he was separated from his Master after his arrest, if he really was dead as the man in front of him said, then, what about the child today?
Why does that child’s memory have General Ling Yu's figure?
Hidden in the depths of that child's memories, is a picture of General Ling Yu calling him son! In other words, Master is most likely not dead, and he even gave birth to that child?
As to where his Master went, and why the boy came here….
These mysteries could only be slowly solved by with him.
After a moment, Suzaku softly said: “Today, the child that was driving me, he is your classmate right? I would like to be his armor, I want to recognize him as my Master. Do you have a way to help me?"
Caesar was surprised and asked: “You want to recognize Lin Yuan as your Master? How much did he match with you?"
Suzaku said with certainty: “100%. And, because we had a spiritual collision this time, it affected the match. On the re-match, it should be more than 100%."
Caesar: “…”
Unlike the Alpha, Beta and Omega’s innate physical differences, the spiritual strength completely varies from person to person. The spiritual threshold was determined by innate genetics and intensive spiritual training. There were many Alpha who were physically stronger, but spiritually weaker than Beta or even genetically superior Omega.
—-Lin Yuan’s spiritual threshold is actually so high?!
Suzaku, besides being an S-Class mech, also had nearly three decades of memory as an S-Class mech. Even the experienced with armor driving combatants who knew the ins and out of machines like the back of their hands would be too afraid to risk driving it, but Lin Yuan was actually able to meet it with a 100% match?!
Caesar's mood felt complex: Just how many more shocking secrets does Lin Yuan’s body hold?
Are there any more like dropping an Alpha in three seconds? Or doing over a hundred consecutive somersaults without dizziness? And making even an S-Class mech want to recognize him as Master? No wonder someone secretly gave him the nickname Small Beta Monster, "Small Monster" are really apt words to describe him!
Caesar took a deep breath to calm down, and looked at Suzaku: “Suzaku, you should know already, who can own an S-Class mech is very strictly controlled. Even if you want to recognize Lin Yuan as Master, it has to go through the approval process from the Mech Association and a signature from the military council. Lin Yuan is only an ordinary cadet, the military won't agree to let a student own an S-Class mech."
Suzaku replied: “I know. That's why I want you to help me drop my hardware down to C.”
Caesar was startled, "A downgrade?”
“Yes.” Suzaku said: “I'm willing to become C-Class. An ordinary C-Class mech doesn't need to go through the Mech Association and the military council review. If I'm dropped down to C-Class and sent to Lin Yuan, no one will be suspicious.”
Caesar: “…”
Armor hardware installations were very strictly hardwired during the manufacturing process, upgrading the hardware was very troublesome, dismantling the hardware was even more trouble, and the process could very easily cause permanent damage, in most cases, it directly destroyed the mech.
No smart mech armor would willingly ask to be downgraded.
But Suzaku, in order to escape museum pursuit, was actually willing to drop to C-Class, anyone could see how painful its years of captivity must've been.
Disassembly and demotion, although the risk was high….. luckily they had Brain, the guy who has been handling mechs like they were toys since childhood, they could give it a try.
Caesar thought about it, then finally agreed: “All right, if you really want to recognize Lin Yuan as your Master, I have a way to help you.”
An S-Class mech couldn't be directly sent to Lin Yuan, so bringing Suzaku down to C-Class, then sending him to Lin Yuan was a good choice. More specifically, Suzaku’s intelligence center would remain S-Class, but his weapons and hardware would be temporarily removed. Afterwards, they needed to find a way to install them back. This was equivalent to making an S-Class IQ armor with a C-Class shell.
Lin Yuan would be very happy! If he had a mech armor with an S-Class intelligence center, he would probably laugh during his sleep right?
Thinking of Lin Yuan's black eyes full of joy and excitement, Caesar felt…..his heart warming, he couldn't wait to fulfill all of the boy's wishes.
Caesar looked at Suzaku and smiled: "It's an agreement, we'll put on a play together.” Caesar took out a small mech space button, “Come Suzaku, jump into the space button. I'll take you away from here.”
“Thank you.” Suzaku obediently jumped into the space button.
Caesar walked back into the bedroom with Suzaku, Lin Yuan was still asleep.
Because of the sedative, his sleep was very stable, his long and thick eyelashes casted a faint shadow on his face, and his bitten until bloody lips were healed, but very swollen, it looked particularly pity inducing.
Caesar sat on the bed and stretched out his hand to gently rub Lin Yuan’s hair.
The black hair slipped through his fingers, and its softness seemed to spread to his heart.
In the quiet space, there was only the sound of heartbeats and breathing.
The frequency of Caesar's heartbeat gradually accelerated while watching the boy's swollen lips, he even felt….. an impulse….to lean down…and kiss….
Oh shit……
White Feather's nagging
crow’s beak
seems to have hit the mark!
Could it be that … I really am attracted to this Small Beta Monster?
=========================================================
Chapter 024: Crystal Card Permission
At this time, the museum conference room was in chaos. Suzaku's sudden escape made curator Brutus profusely sweat in anxiousness, he immediately dispatched all the security in the museum, and even sent an emergency help signal to the military base. A mighty manhunt army rushed out from the museum, but after hunting for nearly half an hour, they still found nothing!
What was Suzaku? It was an S-Class mech!
An S-Class mech's speed was much faster than the average mech and warships by several degrees. Coupled with Suzaku's sudden escape being at lunch time, the time the museum defense's was the most relaxed since most people were on break, Suzaku would've already fled without a trace by the time they dropped their lunch and pursued him!
Tens of thousands of meters of high altitude, close to the speed of light, the red dot almost instantly disappeared before the eyes of the crowd!
“The tracking forces say that the target is fleeing in the direction of the Barila Grand Canyon! Full pursuit!"
“The target's trail has vanished!”
“The monitoring data is gone!”
“…”
Brutus sat in his office listening to the various reports on the army’s public channel, his wrinkled brow pulling down tighter.
At this time, shocking news suddenly passed through the communication channel: "We've discovered a smart mech ahead! It's moving in the direction of the museum at full speed! It's….. it's white? An S-Class!! The other side has issued a peace signal!"
Everyone was stunned.
What’s going on?
Is there a festival for S-Class mech today?
The red Suzaku fled, and a white one flew back, many people have never gotten a chance to see one powerful S-Class mech in their life, and today, they actually got to see two consecutively, it was too strange!
White Feather circled over the stunned crowd of people, proudly puffing his chest and spreading his wings as he flew around the museum, then he stopped at a high altitude, and followed Caesar's order to directly connect to the video channel in the director's room.
Seeing Caesar appear on the screen, Knox and Irene looked at each other in astonishment.
Irene hurried to the curator and whispered in his ear: “Curator, this is the Fourth Prince, His Royal Highness Caesar."
Brutus heard this and immediately turned to put his right hand on his chest, giving Caesar the respectful royal greeting ceremony.
“Your Highness.”
“There's no need to be so polite, curator.” Caesar smiled and said, “I came back to tell you about Suzaku's situation."
The words made the high level officers in the room immediately looked at each other in surprise.
Caesar's expression was calm as he said: “Today, at noon, I was on the 80 floor for the tour when I inadvertently heard crashing sounds on the roof. I doubtfully opened the door and walked up a stair case leading to another door, just in time to see Suzaku break the electromagnetic chains that imprisoned him and escape the museum.”
“I immediately summoned White Feather and perused him, but unfortunately, Suzaku’s speed was too fast, I and White Feather were a step behind him and even our fastest speed couldn't catch up with it. Suzaku flew over the Barila Grand Canyon, but its energy exhausted and he crashed."
Caesar said with regret: “I’m really sorry, I didn't save it in time. I could only watch it fall to pieces, and be buried among the countless stones at the bottom of the Grand Canyon."
White Feather: “………………”
His Majesty Prince was really talented at lying through his teeth and passionately calling it the truth. If he hadn't just frantically saved Ancestor Suzaku with his Master, he would almost believe Caesar's fabricated regretful story!
White Feather couldn't help but give his Master a thumbs up in his heart.
Brutus was somewhat doubtful of Caesar's explanation, but the other side was the prince, he couldn't be easily questioned. But Lieutenant Colonel Knox looked at Caesar and seriously asked: “What about Lin Yuan?"
The monitoring center in the museum was destroyed by Suzaku, obviously, Suzaku’s escape was premeditated. No one knew what happened at the time, but when they assembled at noon, Caesar was missing, and so was Lin Yuan. Knox believed that this matter was certainly related to Lin Yuan.
Caesar frankly said: “Lin Yuan heard the movement on the roof with me, we chased him together. Lin Yuan was in White Feather's cockpit, but because it was his first ride in an S-Class mech, his body was not accustomed to the pressure, so he got a severe headache. He's resting."
Caesar transferred the transmission to the bedroom's camera, everyone saw the quietly sleeping Lin Yuan.
The crowd looked at each other, but stayed silent.
Seeing that no one was casting doubt, Caesar smiled and said: “This is the case. I don't know why Suzaku escaped, but unfortunately I couldn't stop him. I'm sorry, curator."
“…..” Brutus' old face suddenly flushed, he didn't expect His Royal Highness Prince to not only be humble and courteous, he even apologized to him. Brutus hurriedly said, “Your Highness, you're too polite. This is not your fault, Suzaku obviously planned this out for a long time. It wanted to escape and we were the ones that couldn't stop it. We didn't think it would actually have a secret energy source in its body, we were too negligent!"
Suzaku naturally deliberated for a long time, every day it used its few minutes of light to collect light energy, secretly storing it. If Lin Yuan and Caesar hadn't accidently gotten involved today, it would've really fled.
Caesar said: “Since it's already happened, then you can only do a good job with the aftermath. No one can predict such an accident.”
Brutus immediately nodded: “Yes, Your Highness!”
Caesar turned to Irene, "Instructor, Lin Yuan feels very uncomfortable, I want to take him back to school, can I?"
Irene thought for a moment and said, “All right, take him back. We'll come visit him later when we have a chance.”
Caesar smiled and said, “Thank you instructor.”
After cutting off the video call, Caesar instructed White Feather to turn towards the direction of the San Romia Military Academy.
In the cockpit, White Feather projected his intelligence center as a pure white feather, and floated in a circle around Caesar, then it stopped on Caesar's shoulder and fawningly rubbed Caesar’s face.
Unfortunately, since it was a virtual feather, when it touched Caesar's face, it directly phased through his face, it made a strange picture.
Caesar ignored it and went into the bedroom to look on Lin Yuan.
White Feather couldn't be reconciled. It turned into a virtual Lin Yuan, jumped in front of Caesar and fawningly hugged him, he also rubbed his face against Caesar's face.
Caesar: “…”
Although it was only a phantom, a lifelike Lin Yuan was embracing him, Caesar suddenly stiffened and glared at White Feather as he snapped: “Are you tired of living?! You think I won't send you in for scrap metal?!"
“…..” White Feather, who failed to please his Master two times, frustratedly turned into a small White Feather and said in a wronged voice, “I just wanted to know how you intend to deal with Ancestor Suzaku …..”
Listening to the mech's wronged voice, Caesar’s expression slightly eased.
He'd gotten too agitated when White Feather had turned into Lin Yuan and pounced on him, it went beyond Caesar's bottom line. Usually, no matter how noisy White Feather was, he wouldn't be angry, but when it turned into Lin Yuan, Caesar suddenly felt angry.
Lin Yuan was special, he couldn't be replaced by illusions. He couldn't allow White Feather to become Lin Yuan and do such excessive actions! He respected Lin Yuan, so he hoped White Feather could also respect Lin Yuan…..
This was probably the reason right?
Caesar took a deep breath and suppressed his inexplicable rise of anger, then he stretched out his hand and gently touched White Feather. This was only a symbolic soothing action, he couldn't really touch an illusion, but it made White Feather's mood instantly improve.
– Is Master showing favor to me?
– Great, Master really likes me!
White Feather immediately flew up and arrogantly stopped on top of Caesar's head.
Caesar: “…”Looking at the guy jumping non-stop on his head, Caesar helplessly said: “Okay, I'll tell you how I'll handle Suzaku."
Caesar took out a necklace from his pocket, a diamond-shaped red crystal on a silver chain. The crystal shined under the light, it looked particularly delicate and beautiful…..
This was a gift Queen Anna had given him when he was little, a crystal necklace that could be used as a space button.
Caesar smiled and said: “I put Suzaku in this space button, I'll present it to Lin Yuan as a gift."
A gift?
In other words, Suzaku will later be Lin Yuan’s mech?
He was the Prince's mech, Suzaku was the Prince Consort's mech, if the two mechs flew together, they would look very harmonious. One white, one red, flying side by side, it would look very beautiful, a very good fit!
White Feather was immersed in a beautiful and romantic fantasy, unable to come out.
“I told those people Suzaku crashed, I naturally can't give Suzaku directly to Lin Yuan. When I go back, I'll ask Brian for help to downgrade Suzaku’s hardware, so he can be temporarily transformed into a C- Class look-alike.”
Caesar paused, "Next month is the annual mech competition, as long as you qualify for the national finals, you can directly earn a C-Class mech driver certificate. And this year’s competition has C-Class mechs as the first three prizes. Lin Yuan just has to get into the top three, and I can switch his mech reward with Suzaku, this way, it won't arouse suspicion."
White Feather excitedly said: “This approach is good! But Master, are you sure he'll be able to get into the top three? Don't underestimate the mech competition, experts are as common as the clouds in the nationals!"
Caesar gave White Feather a 'stop being foolish' look and said, “I think he can do it, his spiritual threshold match with Suzaku reached 100%. Obviously, he has an innate talent for mech operation."
Caesar paused and looked back at the boy quietly sleeping on the bed, his expression gradually turned gentle.
“Even if he doesn’t get into the top three, I'm here."
“—I’ll win the prize for him.”
***
Caesar made White Feather fly directly over the military school, precisely position itself over a large open space by the dormitory, then shrunk. After he passed the military defense network password verification, he directly landed.
One or two of the students, who were training in the training ground, unintentionally looked up and thought they saw a momentary illusion of….. a white feather suddenly dropping to the rear of the dormitories?
Caesar didn't want to attract attention, so he chose this time and place to quietly land. White Feather fell to the ground, and Caesar immediately jumped out from the cockpit holding Lin Yuan. He put away the mech, walked into the dormitory, and gently rested the boy on the bed in his bedroom.
When Lin Yuan woke up, he found himself in his bedroom.
The familiar environment collided with his still messy memory fragments, so he laid in a daze for a moment. His eyes gradually focused and he noticed the other person in the room, Caesar was sitting at his bedside, gently looking at him.
“Up?” Seeing Lin Yuan's confused look, Caesar couldn't help but smile. He got up, poured a cup of warm water and handed it over, "Drink a little bit of water, you sweated too much."
“….. Oh.” Lin Yuan took the cup and silently drank. After draining half the cup, he remembered reality and looked up at Caesar in surprise, "How am I in the dormitory? Yeah, what the heck went on today? What's with that red mech…."
Lin Yuan said this and couldn't help but frown.
His head was hurting him, and messy memories continuously slipped into his mind, like a sharp knife cutting the nerves of his brain.
The waves of pain assaulting his head made Lin Yuan clutch his head, his expression twisted.
Caesar hurried forward, gently grasped Lin Yuan’s arm and softly said: “Don't think, calm down first…..Don’t think about it…..”
Lin Yuan listened to Caesar's words and calmed down some, but he still felt initiated by his messy memories.
Night Corps? General? Master? Omega? Inhibitor?
What is this mess?!
And daddy? Where did these memories come from….
Lin Yuan looked vacantly at Caesar.
Caesar’s saw the plea for help in his eyes and immediately patiently explained: "Don't worry, today you met an S-Class mech called Suzaku. It has a few decades worth of memory, so when you drove it and engaged in a spirit match, you exchanged memories. The strange memories in your mind came from its experiences over the past few decades."
Lin Yuan felt a little peace of mind after hearing Caesar's explanation,
– Was it really memories from the mech?
But those memories were too realistic, he could even feel Suzaku's joy, anger, loneliness and pain….. Those things obviously never happened to him, but he still felt empathy, as if he'd also experienced them. Owning another person’s memory made Lin Yuan feel very strange, like he'd sneaked into someone else’s mind and peeped on their past.
But….. it doesn't matter. It was just a really long dream, although it would've been better if it was a dream of a wonderful experience.
Anyway, it already happened, and he couldn't get surgery to wash the memories out, right?
Lin Yuan scratched his head, smiled and said: “S-Class mech are really powerful huh?"
He quickly accepted the fact that he was forcibly injected with memories and no longer dwelled on it, he said with an easy going tone: "It’s hard to drive an S-Class mech, I didn't know what to do."
Caesar looked at his pretending to be relaxed smile, and couldn't help but feel some heartache.
Fortunately, Lin Yuan's nature was cheerful optimism, if someone else was in his situation, and strange memories were inexplicably poured into their mind, even if they didn't have a mental breakdown, they would feel uncomfortable for a long time. They might even need a psychiatrist to treat them and help them adjust their psyche.
But Caesar was still relieved that Lin Yuan had quickly accepted reality, and no longer seemed confused.
Caesar hesitated for a moment, then he finally asked the question he really wanted to ask –
“Lin Yuan, how did you open the door in the corridor today?”
Lin Yuan froze for a moment, in fact, he'd also found it very strange. The exit of the corridor was locked up, and he'd just curiously brushed his card on the door. His school id card didn't budge it, but somehow, the card his mother had given him easily opened it up?
Lin Yuan thought, then decided to tell Caesar, "The door had a sensor to unlock it. I brushed my crystal card and went in."
Caesar was silent for a moment, "Can you show me your crystal card?”
Lin nodded, took the crystal card out from his pocket, and handed it to Caesar.
It was a platinum crystal card printed with the Cepheus galaxy pentagonal insignia in pale silver. Except for that, there was no other symbols.
“…..” Caesar immediately froze in place.
This was the dedicated card for the royal family, the highest authorized gold card granted by His Majesty Trent.
It could even open the gates of the Lacey Imperial Palace.
Chapter 025: Caesar Blushes
In the Lacey Empire, everyone was born with a card that was like a proof of identity, that card would automatically execute fingerprint identification, directly binding with the owner's fingerprint. It not only acted as a proof of identity, it could also be used to manage bank deposits, act as a membership card for many establishments, a voucher for leasing etc. It's a very convenient card when you travel around the Empire.
This life-long identity card, because it binds to the owner's fingerprint, even if it gets lost and picked up by others, they couldn't use it. It has one of the greatest security guarantees.
Looking at the highest level gold card, a symbol of royal status, the always calm Caesar's mind was suddenly in chaos.
Lin Yuan’s card was exactly the same as his card!
He could use this card, meaning, when he was born the card was identified and bounded to his fingerprints….. In other words, when he was born, His Majesty Trent gave him the highest authority.
This was obviously the royal family members' treatment ah!
This guy, he can't by my father's illegitimate child right?
Can there be such a melodramatic plot? This was simply another one of Brian's favorite melodramatic romance movies, but even more exaggerated! After a long emotional struggle, he admits to liking Lin Yuan, just for Lin Yuan to be his half-brother, how laughable…..
Caesar looked at Lin Yuan, who was in front of him.
Seeing Caesar’s somewhat strange expression, Lin Yuan scratched his head and asked, puzzled: “There's something wrong with the card?”
Caesar coughed and said: “No problem … you, you should rest early.”
Caesar turned away from Lin Yuan’s bedroom.
After Caesar left, Lin Yuan finally relaxed. When Caesar was sitting by his bedside and looking at him with tenderness, he'd felt his blood flow speed up and his heartbeat go out of control again.
Being enveloped by his warm Alpha pheromone made even Lin Yuan feel an impulse….. to jump into his arms.
….Really, his immune system must have failed again.
Lin Yuan quickly got up, took out the box of medicine in the drawer and ate a piece.
After taking the medicine he felt a gaze on him from the side. Lin Yuan looked back and saw Hobby squatting in the corner, staring at his medicine bottle, anxiously drooling.
Lin Yuan: “…..”
Lin Yuan walked over and picked up Hobby, touched its ears and asked: "Hungry?”
Hobby immediately nodded enthusiastically.
Lin Yuan smiled, took it down to the dining room, picked out its favorite cheese and fed it dinner.
***
At the moment, Caesar was inside his bedroom, using his light tablet to search for information with a serious expression.
He used the highest authority account password, entering the Imperial Population Statistics Center, and easily found Lin Yuan's detailed family background information –
Lin Yuan, 18 years old, male Beta, born on December 24, cosmic calendar 780, Planet Rennes.
Father- Lin Wei Cheng, Imperial Army soldier, graduated from San Romia Military Academy, Mech Control Department. After graduation, he entered the Night Corps as a vanguard soldier, very low key. A few years later, the Night Corps' head died and Ling Yu took over. He discovered Lin Wei Cheng's hidden talent and promoted him to vanguard battalion commander, and his rank was upgraded from second lieutenant to colonel.
Later on, Ling Yu had an accident and the Night Corps was forced to disband, but Lin Wei Cheng remained on the front line. During a tense battle, he drove his mech into the enemy camp and triggered a self-destruct device, destroying the federal enemy, a heroic sacrifice.
Mother- Wang Ruo, a housewife with no background, stayed at home to take care of the children. The husband and wife were childhood friends, they had deep feelings for each other and had two children, Lin Yuan and a daughter called Lin Yao.
Lin Yuan was four years old the year Lin Wei Cheng died, Mrs. Lin couldn't go out to work because of poor health, so they lived by virtue of the government's meager pension pay out every month. She lived frugally, bearing her cross with her two children Lin Yao and Lin Yuan.
Because of the hardships at home, Lin Yao went to work at 18, opening a cake shop in Planet Rennes.
Lin Yuan was a very clever child, first in his class since primary school. He took the military open enrollment test last year and was admitted to San Romia Military Academy with 300 points, outstanding achievements.
Caesar looked at the detailed information and slightly frowned, his initially chaotic thoughts gradually calmed down.
Lin Yuan’s family background looked very simple, his father sacrificed on the battlefield, his stay at home mother taking care of the children….. Such a single-parent family was quite common in the successive years of the Empire's war. If not for the gold card, Caesar wouldn't doubt Lin Yuan's life experience after seeing such information.
Lin Yuan….. Was probably not the Lin Wei Cheng husband and wife's child.
He had the highest authority gold card issued by his father, so he must have a great connection to the palace. There were only two possibilities.
One, he was his father's illegitimate son. Since he was his father's not pure blooded Beta child, his father, in order to not to let his existence destroy the feelings between himself and the Queen and the palace's order, secretly sent him away, giving him the highest authority gold card, letting him be raised by a family he trusted.
– This possibility had the smallest chance of being true.
Because, both Lin Yuan and himself were 18 years old, born in the same year. According to the gossip among the palace servants, his mother's health was very poor during her pregnancy, so his father always stuck to her side. Caesar believed that his father, distressed by his pregnant wife's complications, wouldn't have the mood to cheat and give birth to a Beta son outside the palace.
– So there was only the second possibility.
His father gave this card to his very trusted subordinate. In his father's eyes, the child of that person was no different than even his biological children! In other words, Lin Yuan’s biological parents' identity must be very complicated, and they were likely Trent His Majesty's highly trusted people!
Because of the high esteem of his parents, when Lin Yuan was born, his father directly gave this card to the boy as a gift!
The reason why Lin Yuan was so smart and excellent was definitely linked to his biological parents' power!
Remembering his father's sudden contact a few days ago, when he'd pretended to inadvertently mention Lin Yuan, Caesar was more affirmed of his conjecture! His father absolutely knew about Lin Yuan and the card's existence, and apparently, he also knew about Lin Yuan’s life experience!
Caesar no longer hesitated to take out his communicator and sent a video request to the Imperial Palace. The communicator was quickly connected.
The interior of the palace appeared on the projection screen.
At the moment, the King and Queen Anna were sitting on the sofa, and his gloomy faced royal brother was sitting next to them.
Caesar’s forehead immediately dripped with cold sweat.
–Why were these people gathered together today? It made him feel self-conscious to ask his father about Lin Yuan.
Even more ridiculous, the palace's atmosphere was very tense, the situation seemed to be very bad. Trent His Majesty was looking at the gloomy faced big prince, he snapped: “
Sylvan
, don't push my patience! You need to hold a wedding before the end of this year!”
Sylvan resolutely said: “I'm a man, why should I be
given away in marriage
? If I can take a Prince Consort, I'd have no opinion at all, but it's impossible to force me to be married away!”
Queen Anna rubbed her temples to ease her headache and said in a gently tone: “Sylvan, you're an Omega ….. How can you take a Prince Consort …..?"
Sylvan raised his eyebrows, not convinced: “What about Omega? Omega must be given away in marriage? Both my younger sisters are already married. Could it be that the palace cannot support one prince, so you have to send me away to be a broodmare for a lifetime?"
Here, the ignored communication device lit up, and Sylvan finally noticed Caesar on the projection screen. He immediately walked over as if finding a savior: “Caesar, quickly say a few words for your brother! Hurry up!"
Caesar: “………………”
After a long silence, Caesar suppressed a smile and said: “
Wang Xiong
, you're already 24 years old, isn't it better to choose an Alpha for marriage early? There are so many Alpha, you can't pick one you like? Do you want to use inhibitors for a lifetime?”
No one can fight against nature.
Of course, under Sylvan's cold, knife sharp eyes, Caesar wouldn't dare say this sentence.
Sylvan blankly glanced at his younger brother, then directly turned off the communicator.
Caesar scratched his nose and sat back at his desk.
His Wang Xiong’s temper has always been irritable, advocating the use of force since childhood, married to fighting. The Royal Guard looked at the bigger prince as if seeing the devil, longing to shrink themselves down and hide in the ground.
Brian was right, for an Omega, the big prince was too violent.
Such a violent Omega, no one would dare marry him…
He was also picky, his gaze very high, looking at those Alpha with complete dislike. Since he turned 18 he has been injecting inhibitors, now he was 24 years old and didn't want to get married, and his father and mother had no way to handle him.
After ten minutes, Trent His Majesty finally quelled the palace's "Family war" and sent the insensitive Sylvan away for self-reflection. After the big prince returned to his own palace, the king took the initiative to send over a communication request.
Caesar immediately connected and respectfully greeted: “Father.”
Trent asked: “Caesar, why were you looking for me?”
Caesar quickly said: “I wanted to report to you about the situation at the Military Museum today.”
Trent nodded: “Right, I already know about the museum, you handled it well, but ….. Is Suzaku really as you said, did he crash into the canyon?"
Caesar replied: “No.”
Trent smiled and said, “Very good. It’s a good habit to tell the truth to your father. What's going on with the mech debris at the bottom of the canyon then?”
Caesar explained: “I found a pile of red mech parts in White Feather's storage and threw them to the bottom of the canyon among the boulders. It's disguised as Suzaku's crash site to avoid suspicion.”
Trent frowned: “What is your reasoning for such an action?”
Caesar said: "Having Suzaku locked up in the museum is not the best way to deal with him. Suzaku’s former owner is dead, the mech doesn't need to be implicated and kept in captivity. Suzaku was the Empire's best S-Class mech, it wants to recognize a new master and I think there's no problem with that. So it should not only be released, it should be allowed to play a greater role outside."
“Re-recognize a master?” Trent’s brow tightly wrinkled, “Suzaku said he wanted to recognize a new master?”
“He chose Lin Yuan. Lin Yuan accidentally entered Suzaku's cockpit today, and his spirit fused with Suzaku. Incredibly, the matching degree reached 100% and Suzaku recognized him."
“Lin Yuan?” Trent mused in silence for a moment, then said, "The Empire's control of S-Class mech is very strict, an ordinary student is not qualified to have an S-Class mech. You want to transfer Suzaku to Lin Yuan, do you have a plan?"
"I've thought of it." Caesar seriously said, "The prize for the first three winners in the mech competition is a C-Class mech. I intend to use the one month until the competition to convert Suzaku into a C-Class mech, then secretly switch the prize. We can deceive everyone, and after Suzaku becomes a temporary C-Class mech, no one will suspect."
Trent smiled and said: "Deceive everyone that Suzaku has crashed, while disguising it as a C-Class mech and switching it with Lin Yuan's prize. If anything goes wrong in the middle, you'll have to eat the consequences. If the military found out that you released Suzaku privately, even your father cannot protect you!"
Trent stood up and stared deeply at his youngest son, “Caesar, is Lin Yuan important to you? Do you have to take such a big risk for him?”
Caesar was stunned for a moment, for some reason, his face wanted to heat up at his father's question.
Caesar quickly explained: “Lin Yuan is my very good friend, he's also very talented at mech control. Even rarer, he and Suzaku had a spirit match of 100%. I think leaving Suzaku to him will have the best outcome."
Trent looked at his son for a moment, then smiled and asked: “You don't doubt Lin Yuan's identity?"
Caesar: “…”
“I have been monitoring Lin Yuan’s crystal card. He used his card to open the top door of the museum today, you realized that right? He has exactly the same card as you. Don’t you want to ask me questions, like if he’s your half-brother?”
Trent said this, but his suggestion unexpectedly eliminated all of Caesar's suspicions. Caesar looked up at him and said: “Father, I believe you wouldn't betray mother. But I'm very curious, who exactly are Lin Yuan’s biological parents? Who is worthy of such high value?"
Trent lightly said: "It's enough for you to know that I value that child. Since you believe in your father, just continue to believe. I will tell you everything when the time is ripe.”
The communication was cut off, and Caesar had no choice but to turn off the communicator.
Since his father said so, he couldn't cross-examine further. Perhaps Lin Yuan’s identity is very confidential? When the time is ripe? What is father’s plan? What is he waiting for?
Although Caesar was the prince, after all, he was only eighteen years old, and he has never participated in the imperial government. If Lin Yuan’s life experience really involved too many confidential secrets, and his father refused to tell him, Caesar could only temporarily depress the doubts in the bottom of his heart. A hasty pursuit of truth might interfere with his father’s plans.
Feeling his stomach grumble in hunger, Caesar walked back to the dining room to look for something to eat and suddenly entered into a heartwarming scene.
– Lin Yuan was holding Hobby in his arms, patiently feeding it. Hobby obediently laid in his arms, happily eating cheese, Lin Yuan’s face also had a clear smile.
Holding the pet and smiling, the outline of the teenager's face seemed inexplicably soft, his clear black eyes matching the eyes of the guy in his arms, like a pair of beautiful black gems. His slightly bent lips revealed a sunny smile, and his pajamas gave him a relaxed and comfy look, his whole person exuding a lazy atmosphere…..
The 18-year-old boy’s unique tender and sexy temperament was vividly on display at the moment.
Caesar heard the sound of his heart rapidly pounding.
He even felt that if the Hobby Lin Yuan was holding was replaced with a baby, there would be no sense of violation.
Lin Yuan was holding a child and feeding it, just imagining it felt very warm and happy….. Of course, it’s better if that child was born from him….. If it could look like Lin Yuan, a rounder and shorter version of Lin Yuan, it would be super cute.
–Wait a minute! Caesar you beast, what the hell are you thinking?
“Caesar?” Lin Yuan looked up and saw his suddenly appeared in the room, standing stiffly like a statue as if struck by a lightening, roommate, and asked with some puzzlement, "What's wrong?"
Hobby also immediately raised his head and looked up at Caesar, puzzled, as if to ask: “Prince, His Royal Highness, what’s the matter?”
Under Lin Yuan and Hobby's black and clear eyes, Caesar's face suddenly burst with heat, and he quickly avoided Lin Yuan and the pet's sight, pretending to calmly say: “I'm just hungry. I came out to find something to eat."
He walked stiffly to the fridge and took out a box of cookies.
Then he turned stiffly and walked back to his bedroom, closing the door.
Lin Yuan: “…..”
Hobby: “…”
Looking at the direction of the disappearing Caesar, Lin Yuan thought with some puzzlement: Does he have a leg cramp ah? Why did he walk so awkwardly and stiffly, as if trying to keep his body in a straight line ah?
Hobby excitedly thought: His Majesty the Prince blushed! His Majesty the Prince was blushing!
===========================================================
Chapter 026: Sleepless Roommates
Caesar indeed had flushed cheeks, because he'd seen Lin Yuan hugging and feeding Hobby, looking relaxed and comfortable in his pajamas, his open collar exposing his delicate and beautiful collarbone. His white slender neck, his tender and sexy youthful body, made Caesar's mouth dry out, and his lower half was actually shamelessly hard…..
Caesar quickly ran into his shower and opened the faucet.
The cold water poured down on his head, which made him feel a little calmer.
Lin Yuan's pajama-wearing look was really too exciting, his Alpha pheromones suddenly increased, and his body produced a very strong physiological response.
– It was even more intense than when he'd taken the Omega Pheromone Resistance Training class.
Of course, the smell of Omega pheromone had given him a reaction at that time, but it was only because of his Alpha instincts, but now, his reaction to Lin Yuan had risen to the top of psychological desire.
His love for Lin Yuan was almost beyond a doubt. His heartbeat spoke loudly, and even his body was filling with intense longing…..
He wanted to protect him, wanted to embrace him, he even wanted to….. to fiercely hold him…..
Caesar remembered the hurried glimpse he'd gotten that day in the bathroom clearly. Lin Yuan's lean and supple waist, his straight and long legs, white skin, firm upturned butt….. The close to perfection body had long been imprinted in Caesar's mind.
He hadn't cared at that time, but now if he recalled it, Caesar would almost get a nosebleed.
Imaging Lin Yuan's naked and pressed down body, kissing him, holding him, entering his body in various positions…..
Caesar blushed more fiercely, his fingers couldn't help but grasp the still anticipatorily hard member of his body, and rub it up and down vigorously.
The bathroom was soon filled with the heavy breathing of His Highness the Prince.
***
The Lin Yuan that was being pressed down countless times in his roommate's imagination knew nothing of his roommate's change in feelings, he was still joyfully sitting in the dining room.
He was really hungry, he'd only had breakfast today. Lunch time he'd encountered Suzaku’s escape and expended too much strength in the spiritual struggle with Suzaku, then he was unconscious throughout the afternoon. Now it was night time and his stomach was empty, hungry enough to knot his intestines.
Anyway, Caesar had said he could eat all he liked, so Lin Yuan was no longer polite, he raided the refrigerator and walked out with a pile of food for supper.
Super delicious biscuits, excellent cheese, plus a surprising variety of barbecue and canned fish, this really is the best happiness!
Lin Yuan was chowing down when the door behind him suddenly beeped, Brian walked in, saw the table full of food in the dining room, and his eyes immediately lit up, he smiled and said: “I was just starting to feel hungry, hey, let's take more out."
So, Brian took out a bunch of his favorite foods from the refrigerator, and the two began inhaling their food piles.
When Snow came back, he saw this scene –
Two boys plus a pet were engrossed in gorging themselves with food in the dining room, the table was filled with a variety of food bags, it looked very spectacular.
Brian noticed Snow and immediately stood up, one hand took his hand bag, the other hand pulled Snow into the dining room. He pulled out a stool to let Snow sit down, smiled and said: “Snow, come sit and eat with us, I’ll pour you a glass of water."
Snow: “…”
Snow, who was invited into the dining room by Brian in such a kiss up way, looked at Lin Yuan in embarrassment.
Fortunately, all of Lin Yuan’s attention was on his food, he completely didn't notice Snow’s red ears, he enthusiastically handed Snow a pair of chopsticks, smiled and said: “Come, eat some barbecue, it's super delicious.”
“I’m not hungry.” Snow said.
Brian quickly poured a glass of warm water and handed it to Snow, he smiled and said: “Come for tea then, I boiled your favorite black tea."
A pair of blue eyes stared directly into Snow's, as if to say, quickly praise me….. Praise me….. Praise me…..
Snow looked away, embarrassed: “Thank you.”
Brian was immediately contented, he turned and sat next to Snow, graciously handing him a meat dish, "Come on, eat a bit, this is the specialty of Cepheus ….. This is also very tasty, try it and see….. and this is …"
The small plate in front of him was soon piled up like a hill, Snow blushed in embarrassment.
Lin Yuan was completely unaware that he was the third-wheel, he continued bickering with Hobby over the food heap.
When the three people finally finished eating all the food on the table, it was 11:30pm. Lin Yuan hugged Hobby and walked away, satisfied, Snow turned back to his bedroom, and Brian immediately followed him.
Snow: “…”
Looking back at Brian who had trailed him like a shadow to his bedroom, Snow was at a loss for words.
Snow frowned: “Is there anything else?”
Brian smiled and asked: “Are you feeling okay today? When I woke up this morning, you had already left. Is the headache from yesterday gone?”
Snow looked away and said, “I'm fine.”
Brian scratched his head, “Oh…Well if you feel uncomfortable, don't try to be brave, go to the infirmary for assurance."
Snow was silent for a moment, then he suddenly said, “Brian, thank you for sending me back last night. Also, I just want to be your roommate, please don't over think things … and I already have girlfriend."
In the Empire, it was not uncommon for Alpha males and Beta males to marry, so when a Beta already has a lover, the words needed to be clearly said, it was also necessary to maintain a certain friendly distance with Alpha.
Brian suddenly froze in place, "Girl-girlfriend?”
Snow nodded, “Yup, well I'm going to take a bath, goodnight.”
“…”
Looking at Snow disappearing in the direction of his bathroom, Brian stood in place, as if struck by lightning.
If Lin Yuan was here, he would be very puzzled: What’s going on with Brian and Caesar today? Both with expressions as if struck by lightning? Such a rare expression should be photographed to commemorate it!
***
Brian went back to his bedroom, his depressed mood indescribable!
When he'd heard Snow say he had a girlfriend, anger had suddenly risen straight into his head!
How could Snow have a girlfriend?
How, could, he, have, a, girl, friend!?
Thinking carefully, his assumptions were wrong, he was a Beta boy, love was a freedom, marriage was a right, why couldn't he have a girlfriend? He could even have a boyfriend! Why do you have a complaint about his private affairs?
Brian sat on his bed with a blank expression, he pulled at his hair in annoyance.
The intelligent mech Little Blue, hidden in the space button on his wrist, responsibly advised: “Master, your heart rate has exceeded the normal range by 1.5 times, your blood pressure has also risen ….. Do you want some medicine?"
Little Blue had just finished talking when Brian jumped straight out of the bed, angrily grabbed a bed pillow, and fiercely smashed it.
Little Blue: “…”
Brian quickly calmed down and sat back down on the bed, then he smiled and asked Little Blue: “Did you say something?”
Little Blue: “…”
Little Blue almost crashed from fright!
Brian narrowed his eyes and touched his chin, “Snow’s girlfriend huh… I'm suddenly very interested in this person…”
Little Blue couldn't help but tremble.
Last time, when Brian had squinted and said “I'm very interested in it”, not three days later, he'd dismantled that mech into elementary pieces…..
Little Blue suddenly felt infinite sympathy for the “girlfriend” Brian was very interested in.
***
In the next door bedroom, Snow was lying in his bathtub, frowning, finally he couldn't help but replace the warm water with cold water.
Probably because of his recent intense emotional fluctuations, his body’s pheromones were repeatedly fluctuating, always unable to stabilize. Last night, he'd used three inhibitors to forcibly suppress it, it seemed that he had to increase the amount to 4 tablets today.
– This happened because Brian always shamelessly tries to get closer to him.
The performance of these batch of inhibitors were discounted, and his resistance was decreasing because Brian was one of the purest blooded Alpha, his pheromone was very rich, so every time he got closer to him, it was tantamount to challenging the effectiveness of his inhibitors.
Brian stuck to him like
gorilla glue
all day long, making Snow feel very distressed.
An Alpha with rich pheromones was the most intense aphrodisiac for estrus-aged Omega.
He had only pulled his wrist and pressed him into the dining room for a moment, but if it wasn't for Lin Yuan’s presence, Snow would've almost punched him in the eye again.
The feeling of being enveloped by an Alpha’s pheromone was confusing him, he could no longer allow Brian to get so close to him. With a girlfriend as a lame excuse, it should temporarily ease some of the clinginess right?
Although he'd chosen to drive Brian away, when he'd seen the guy's frozen in place with shock look, Snow’s heart had suddenly felt a little uneasy.
Was this lame excuse really okay? Why did he suddenly feel a bad premonition…..?
***
Lin Yuan hugged Hobby and went back to his bedroom, put Hobby to bed, and sat in front of his table in a daze.
It was late into the night, the surroundings were finally quiet, but Lin Yuan’s mood was still unable to calm down.
Those messy memory fragments in his mind, as well as the crystal card that could unexpectedly open the museum's security door, were making Lin Yuan once again suspicious of his life experience.
His memory began at the age of four, from his memories, he knew that his father had died on the battlefield, so he only had his mother and sister. He'd never doubted this, even when his dreams occasionally had a man's gentle voice, he'd thought it was memories with his father from before he was four.
But today…
Inexplicably, he actually felt that Suzaku's memory of the General, and his memories of his father were very similar!
A cold yet gentle voice, even the speaking manner was exactly the same!
Even more surprising, today he'd actually remembered some of the fragmented memories from before he was four, he remembered living on a warm planet, in a beach-front cabin, his father giving him a cake, teaching him to read the word "cake”. He also remembered that his father had sent him to the cold Planet Rennes, handing him over to a stranger, turning away and leaving…
He was injected with a strange drug, and from then on, he'd remembered nothing about what happened before the age of four.
If these memories were true, then there was only one possibility – he was injected with an anesthetic, and then they carried out a memory removal surgery. His memories from before the age of four were deliberately washed away!
A slight deviation probably occurred during the surgery, and a little bit of memory was not cleared, but suppressed in the depths of his mind, giving him some strange dreams for the past few years. Today, when he was forced to exchange memory with Suzaku, the huge spiritual impact completely released that part of his residual memory.
But those were just scraps of memory fragments, he simply couldn't piece them together completely. Moreover, they were from before the age of four, he was, after all, too small, he didn't remember his father’s appearance.
– What was the relationship between his dad and the so-called Night Corps?
Lin Yuan was very puzzled, he opened his light tablet to search a bit, but found that there was only one search hit on the Night Corps, and it was from 19 years ago when the military court announced the dissolution of the Night Corps. Except for that, there was no other record about the Night Corps.
Lin Yuan replaced the keywords, General, Suzaku, Issyville galaxy…
He searched for a long time, but still didn't get any valuable information.
He really couldn't sleep, Lin Yuan sent a message to Lin Yao: “Sis, are you asleep? Is it convenient to call?"
The message was sent for less than ten seconds, Lin Yu immediately sent him a video request, Lin Yuan connected to the communication device to see his sister sitting in bed with pajamas on the projection screen, apparently she was about to go to bed.
“What's wrong, Xiao Yuan?” Lin Yao asked, puzzled, "So late, why aren't you asleep ah?"
Lin Yuan directly asked: "Sis, how much do you remember about dad?”
Lin Yao stared blankly for a moment, “You're asking about daddy? He died in battle when we were very young ah. I was about six years old, so my impression of him is very vague, even now I can't remember what he looks like."
Lin Yuan was silent for a moment, then he said: “Why's there not even a single photo of dad at home?”
Lin Yao smiled: “Dad was a soldier. Before, the times when the troops returned home every year was extremely small, when would he find the time to take photos? Oh right, I think mom has a photo, their wedding photo. It should be the only photo we have left of dad, mom secretly hid them. She should be asleep, wait here ah, I'll steal them for you to see."
Lin Yao's voice faded as she snuck out the door, creeping into their mother’s bedroom. She took out a crystal photo frame from her mother’s drawer, then quietly walked back into her room.
Lin Yuan: “…..”
Sis, you missed your calling as a thief!
Lin Yao held up the stolen photo, pointing it at the communication device, "See? This is dad and mom's marriage photo, there's only this one, too precious, so mom locked it up. You were too naughty when you were small, you always randomly tore things up when you felt like it. She was afraid you'd ruin this last photo, so she lied to you and said there weren't any photos of dad." Lin Yao paused, “When you grew up, you never asked to see dad's photos again, in fact, you never really brought dad up at all, so mom probably forgot about it."
“…..” So that's how it was.
After reaching the age of sensibility, Lin Yuan really had never mentioned father in front of his mother, because he knew that his father had died in battle, he was afraid mentioning the word 'father' would make his still grieving mother upset.
Lin Yuan stared at the photo in front of him.
Inside the beautiful 3D crystal photo frame was a young man and woman's wedding photo, the 3D picture was very realistic, as if they were right in front of him. The woman in the photograph was elegant and gentle, the man was handsome and gentlemanly, and both of them had a happy smile. The bottom was engraved, cosmic calendar year 770, Lin Wei Cheng, Wang Ruo, happy newlyweds.
This 3D crystal photo frame allowed the photo to keep fresh, vivid colors for centuries. People used the Internet to store ordinary photos, they used these 3D photo frames for only very important photos, exhibiting it on a table or hanging it on a wall.
The wedding photo was indeed a very important photo for his mother, and the young man and woman in this photo looked very happy. But strangely, when he looked at the handsome man in the picture, Lin Yuan felt…..
Not even a little intimacy.
Too strange…
He doesn't even feel like calling him dad…..
Was he really the father who died so many years ago? The one who taught him to speak, who cooked for him, who whispered in his ear: “Daddy has to go, he can't take you with him, you have to stay strong to live."…..?
What did he mean by leaving? Going to the battlefield?
Seeing Lin Yuan staring without a word, Lin Yao asked, puzzled: “Hey, Xiao Yuan, what's wrong? Our dad's too handsome, huh?"
“….Yeah.” Lin Yuan recovered, smiled and said, “Mom's asleep? How is she lately?”
Lin Yao replied: "Same old, she gets a serious cough on cold days, but no other serious illnesses. These days of home rest has made her complexion much better. I'll take good care of her, don't worry about it!”
Lin Yuan nodded, “Okay, then go to bed early, I'm tucking in.”
Lin Yao said: “Yup, you take care at school."
He ended the call and turned back to his bed, but Lin Yuan was still unable to sleep.
His mother had poor health these years, she'd worked hard to single-handedly raise him and his sister, from small to large, she was also very good to him. Although the home conditions were tough, he'd never felt even a little wronged.
– That gentle woman was Lin Yuan's beloved mother.
Reasonably, he shouldn't doubt that he was her biological child…..
However, there were a lot of doubts in his heart, and there were no reasonable explanations.
Memories of his father's appearance was very vague, a four-year-old child was really too small, plus his memory before four was intermittent, Lin Yuan had long forgotten the man's appearance.
But Lin Yuan truly felt that the man calling him son in his memories wasn't the man standing with his mother in the photo.
There was no evidence, just a feeling in the bottom of his heart, that unfamiliar man in the photo couldn't give him any kind of father-son intimacy…..
His headache growing more and more severe, Lin Yuan could only temporarily repress the strong doubts in his heart.
– It was better to wait for his mother's health to improve, then he could ask her in detail, make her tell him all the truth about his past. If not, he would have to continue randomly searching, which would simply not give him any useful information, it was better to ask her.
Lin Yuan built up his determination, rubbed his throbbing temples, calmed down, and closed his eyes.
***
That night, the four roommates had simultaneous insomnia, the reasons for insomnia all different.
Caesar’s dreams were filled with the beginnings of boundless
spring
. Brian's dreams were filled with unique murders.
Snow was inventing every kind of inhibitor in his dreams. Lin Yuan was searching everywhere for his father in his dreams.
======================================
Chapter 027: A Beautiful Misunderstanding
After a night of insomnia, the four roommates had poor spirits when they got up in the morning and met in the dining room, after a simple greeting, they each headed to their training departments.
Lin Yuan walked into the training room, and Baker immediately came up to him and asked: "Squad Leader, you and Caesar went back early yesterday afternoon right? The instructor said you were not feeling well, what's wrong ah?"
Lin Yuan smiled and said: "Bad headache, I asked Caesar to send me home early.”
Karl also walked up to Lin Yuan, smiled and asked: “Was everything okay yesterday?"
Lin Yuan shook his head, "It's nothing.”
Next, Bossa walked over to him and asked: "Squad Leader, are you feeling better?”
Lin Yuan said: "Much better, thank you.”
Standing close by, Caesar secretly clenched his teeth, Lin Yuan being on good terms with so many other people was not a bad thing, but when he saw so many people crowding around Lin Yuan, Caesar still felt an odd….. an odd sense of crisis!
No, Lin Yuan was really too popular, especially with the class' Beta, they all worshiped him, maybe someone had a crush on him! Those Beta girls always look at Lin Yuan with bright eyes, one must certainly be thinking of chasing ​​Lin Yuan!
Thinking of this, Caesar immediately moved closer to Lin Yuan and stood ram rod straight, with a cold face.
The class' Beta who wanted to get closer to the Squad Leader suddenly looked somewhat depressed - What's up with this Caesar guy? Standing next to the Squad Leader with a cold face, blocking everyone’s way, even glancing over the crowd with sharp eyes….. Do we owe you money?
Completely ignoring all the Beta inwardly cursing him, Caesar stood next to the Squad Leader, dutifully acting as his bodyguard.
In the eyes of outsiders, Caesar's behavior was just like a beast, swiping his tail and drawing a circle around his prey, penning it in….. Unfortunately, the circled prey was still ignorant, happily chatting with the hunter.
***
When the afternoon military training ended, Caesar temporally left his post for a moment. Seeing Caesar finally leaving, Karl took the initiative to invite Lin Yuan to supper, Lin Yuan happily nodded, and walked with Karl to the canteen.
They walked to the fifth floor, Lin Yuan, his eyes still shiny, filled a large plate and walked back to the table, eating with relish.
Karl looked at the Lin Yuan intently engrossed in eating, and couldn't help but ask: “Have you been feeling sick lately?"
Lin Yuan said: “Not really.”
Karl continued, "Was it really just a headache yesterday?”
Lin Yuan smiled and said: "Ay, a terrible, sudden headache. Maybe I haven't been sleeping well.” Lin Yuan paused, and looked up at him somewhat doubtfully, "Why did you suddenly ask?"
Karl was silent for a moment, then he said: “Actually, Uncle Fornt contacted me yesterday and told me to pay attention to your physical condition. He said you have a special constitution, and he'd prescribed some medicine to help. Have you been eating it on time?”
“Oh.” Lin Yuan smiled in realization, "Then help me tell Dr. Fornt, I take the medicine on time every day, and my physical condition has been very good, there's no problem, no need to worry."
Seeing Lin Yuan returning to his plate, Karl didn't question further.
To tell the truth, he originally tried to get closer to Lin Yuan because of his Uncle Fornt’s request.
When Fornt heard that he was admitted to San Romia Military Academy, he told him that a child from Rennes planet was also admitted to the school, his neighbors' child named Lin Yuan, and asked Karl to take care of him.
At first, Karl approached Lin Yuan with the idea of "making friends with his uncle’s acquaintance”, but the longer he stayed with him, the more baffled he felt – Lin Yuan was excellent in all aspects, he didn't resemble a Beta from a normal family background, rather, he was like a child born from the finest Alpha and Omega combination.
In addition to his uncle's request to pay attention to Lin Yuan, especially Lin Yuan’s physical condition, almost every call from his uncle brought up the topic of Lin Yuan's body. Lin Yuan looked very healthy, he didn't seem to be seriously ill, why did his uncle always ask him if the other boy was feeling sick? And why did he ask him to not only keep Lin Yuan away from any Alpha, but also repeatedly urged him to remind Lin Yuan to take his medicine on time?
What kind of disease needed medication every day? This was too bizarre, right?
Even more bizarre, every time he saw Lin Yuan, Karl couldn't help but think of his younger brother – Karl’s brother was an Omega, unfortunately, he was sent to Cepheus' Omega academy when he was 13, and he hasn't seen him in four years. But he still vividly remembered his brother’s characteristics, after all, they grew up together.
Lin Yuan had many similar characteristics to his Omega brother, and sometimes when he looked at Lin Yuan, Karl would even briefly feel that he was looking at an Omega. A lean body, flexible waist, long and straight legs….. Although he was still growing into his body, Lin Yuan's physique was really Omega-like.
Thinking of this, Karl smiled and said: “Lin Yuan, you actually remind me of my brother. But my brother is an Omega."
Lin Yuan looked up at him, incredulous: “Hey, are you praising me or insulting me? You're saying I look like an Omega, does that mean I look too fragile? Come on, after dinner, we're going to spar!"
Karl: “…”
His expression didn't seem like he was worried, and eyes were also very calm, why didn't he look like someone whose secret had just been exposed?
Was it really his own misperception?
Lin Yuan finished eating, and Karl also put away his plate, then the two left the canteen.
Lin Yuan’s temperament was very resolute, when he said they would spar he meant it, on the journey to the dormitory, he straightforwardly dragged Karl to an uninhabited corner, and confrontationally beckoned him, “Come on ah, saying I look like an Omega, I'll show you how powerful I am!”
Karl: “…”
Because of a tentative comparison, he inexplicably provoked Lin Yuan’s fighting spirit, seeing Lin Yuan's energetic appearance, Karl
didn't want to let him down
, he smiled helplessly and said: “Fine, come on,
stop on contact
.”
They took off their heavy uniform coats and threw them aside, then began to seriously spar.
Lin Yuan’s movements were very agile, his hands and legs coordinating vigorously, the strength of his fists was not insignificant, after nearly having his knee kicked out, Karl immediately became more vigilant. He'd thought Lin Yuan was only playing around, he didn't expect him to actually attack seriously, and unexpectedly, his fighting level was actually not bad!
The two spared, Karl was an Alpha, he was naturally strong and robust, and he'd also received formal training, if he was fighting a regular Beta, they wouldn't be able to exchange ten blows with him. But Lin Yuan took an alternative route, in order to win by skill, his feet movements were extremely agile, and his hands were lightning fast.
Although Karl wasn't losing, he also couldn't gain an advantage!
He was clearly an Alpha, why couldn't he subdue a Beta?
Thinking of this, Karl no longer held back, he used his advantageous height and strength to directly seize Lin Yuan’s wrist, and forcedly twisted….. Lin Yuan’s arm was twisted to his back, and his right foot immediately kicked back, but unexpectedly hit empty air. Karl had dodged his kick, simultaneously sweeping out his foot, tripping Lin Yuan to the ground!
Seeing Lin Yuan’s face about to hit the ground, Karl immediately reached out to hold him up.
The result, Lin Yuan unexpectedly hadn't given up attacking Karl, when his right kick hadn't connected, he immediately gave a follow up kick with his left foot. The kind-hearted Karl that had move forward to support Lin Yuan, was caught unprepared by this kick, his footing unstable, he directly fell on top of Lin Yuan’s body.
“…..” Lin Yuan was pressed to the ground, stifled by Karl's bulk, he couldn't help but grimace.
But before he could open his mouth, the weight was suddenly taken off him –
Caesar directly came up behind Karl and lifted him up, Karl instantly looked back, puzzled, and received a sharp punch.
Bang!
Karl was beaten to the ground!
Caesar pulled up the shocked Lin Yuan and asked in a heavy voice: "Are you alright? Who's bullying you?”
Caesar clenched his fist and glanced at 'Lin Yuan's Bully' with cold eyes, but only saw the blameless Karl climbing up, clutching his black eye.
Caesar: “…”
Karl: “…”
After a long, stiff silence, Karl smiled gracefully, looked at Caesar and said: “Are you misunderstanding? I wasn't bulling Lin Yuan."
Lin Yuan also stared at Caesar, “What are you doing? I was sparing with Karl! Why did you suddenly jump in?"
Caesar: “…”
Lin Yuan walked around Caesar and went up to Karl, looking at Karl’s black eye, he suppressed himself for a while, but still couldn't help but laugh, “Cough, Caesar's punch is too heavy ….. You….. Are you alright?"
Karl smiled and rubbed his eye, "It's nothing.”
Caesar awkwardly apologized: “Sorry, I thought you were …..”
Karl shrugged, "Doesn't matter, it was just a misunderstanding.” Then he picked up his uniform coat, looked back at Lin Yuan and smiled, “Lin Yuan, I'll head back first. Remember to tell me right away if you start feeling sick, this is uncle Fornt's special request."
Lin Yuan immediately nodded and said: "Got it, don't worry!”
After Karl left, Lin Yuan walked back to Caesar and said: “Caesar, why did you hit so heavily? Fortunately, it was just Karl, if it was someone weaker, you could've ruined their eye."
– A black eye is still a light punishment, if he was really bulling you, I'd knock him out!
– Even if it was just sparing, he shouldn't have pinned you to the ground,
couldn't he have let you go after you admitted defeat
?
Caesar coldly glanced at Karl’s retreating back, the looked back to Lin Yuan, noticing that his face was covering in dust, and there was even a scratch, Caesar couldn't help but feel distressed: "Your face, it's skinned …..”
Lin Yuan smiled, quickly wiped his face clean with the back of his hand, and said, "It's nothing, just a small scratch."
Seeing him unharmed expect for the little scratch, Caesar finally calmed down, then sullenly said: “Lin Yuan, you should stay away from that Karl."
Lin Yuan: “…..”
What's going on? Karl says stay away from Caesar, Caesar says stay away from Karl, just how much do these guys hate each other?
Lin Yuan found it ridiculous, he looked at Caesar and said: “You needed me for something?"
Caesar's expression eased a bit, "You forgot that we agreed to train with the mecha today."
Lin Yuan's eyes brightened, “Right, I almost forgot! Come let's go!"
Lin Yuan picked up his discarded uniform coat and turned toward the mech center, but Caesar suddenly grabbed his hand, "We're not going to the mech center, there's too many people, we'll head to a private training room."
“Oh!” Immersed in his excitement of personally meeting a mech, Lin Yuan didn't notice…..
Caesar was still holding onto his hand.
Caesar was holding Lin Yuan’s hand, contentedly thinking in his heart, this was what it felt like to like someone, right?
He gently gripped the other boy's slender fingers, the warmth passing through his skin was slowly soaking into the bottom of his heart.
Holding hands and walking down the campus road, it felt like even his heartbeat was suddenly speeding up. Caesar wished this section of road could stretch on for more than a dozen kilometers, they could slowly go on, walking forever.
In reality, it didn't even take half a minute to arrive…..
Why was the school so small?
***
White Feather was very depressed, very very depressed.
Its Master actually made it, a magnificent S-Class intelligent mecha, disguise itself as a C-Class mecha, to help someone else train.……Train?
What a joke! If the other mecha learned that it disguised itself as C-Class to help someone with basic training, they would die laughing!
But its Master threatened, if it didn't change into a C-Class, he'd have Brian dismantle its numerous systems, artificially downgrading it to C-Class. That's right, S-Class were the only mechs that could morph, all the mech's joints could be independently adjusted and changed.
So White Feather had to endure his desire to vomit blood and temporarily disguise itself as a C-Class mech.
It not only had to hide all the nerve connections in its cockpit, but also turn its console into an ordinary C-Class mech controller, shrink itself by five times, and silently hang itself in an empty room in the first school building, thinking about it, it felt so stupid!
The empty room White Feather was in wasn't just any mech training room, it was a dedicated training room for the students participating in the competition, the space was very wide open. The reason Caesar had immediately left after the military training ended was to sign up for the month away mecha competition, and conveniently lease this unused training room.
When Lin Yuan walked into the training room, he saw a ten-meter-high man-model mech standing in the middle of the room.
The mech's entire body was snow white, glowing with a faint metallic sheen under the light. Its chest cockpit was layered with thick protective armor, like fine-tuned muscles, its face, sharp like
metal-wire,
resembled a handsome warrior!
Its body proportions were very coordinated, the ten meter high man-model mech didn't look even slightly bloated, its limbs and joints were also structured very finely, it was obvious, when it moved, it would be very agile!
The pure white mech standing under the light indeed looked extremely beautiful!
Lin looked up at it, and couldn't help but admire: “This is your mech? It's really beautiful ah!"
White Feather: “…”
Hey? It’s the Prince Consort! He praised me!
Its depressed mood immediately swept away, White Feather felt ecstatic, it eagerly bent down, offering a large palm to Lin Yuan, like a gentleman inviting a partner to dance at a ball.
Lin Yuan froze for a moment, stunned, but Caesar just smiled and said: “Go on, it's inviting you into its cockpit."
“Oh!” There's actually a mech that can invite a driver in this way! Lin Yuan excitedly followed Caesar onto the palm, and White Feather steadily lifted the two people into its cockpit.
In the spacious cockpit, the familiar 26 C-Class mech controller buttons, plus the 0-9, ten digit keys were neatly arranged on the steering platform. Each button looked new, as if they had never been touched, even the balance pole was smooth as ever.
Lin Yuan couldn't help but reach out and gently touch the clean steering platform, he asked curiously: “This mech is new? What's its name?"
Caesar said: “It's called White Feather.”
Lin Yuan smiled and said: “
White Feather, as in a white feather
? That's nice, did you name it yourself?”
Caesar nodded: "I did.”
He praised me! He praised me again! He not only called me beautiful, he also praised my name!
White Feather almost wanted to roll around on the ground in happiness, it instantly ignored his Royal Highness the Prince’s "You're not allowed to project your image out and scare him” command, and projected itself as a primitive, small, virtual white feather, drifting to Lin Yuan's side. It floated around his body and said: “Hi, my name is White Feather!”
Lin Yuan saw White Feather floating in front of him, and couldn't help but smile and say: “Hi, my name is Lin Yuan."
White Feather directly floated up and landed on top of Lin Yuan's shoulder, then excitedly said: “From now on, you can borrow me any time you want! It's okay, you can do whatever you want in my cockpit! If you have any questions, you can ask me." Then it lowered its sound, and leaned into Lin Yuan's ear, "Of course, that includes any gossip about my Master!"
Lin Yuan asked in amusement: "You know gossip about your Master?”
White Feather fluttered proudly: “I've been with him since he was tiny! I know everything about him! I have thousands of photos of him as a kid, do you want to see?”
Lin Yuan curiously said: “Okay, I'll take a look.”
White Feather immediately began searching for the photos in its data storage center, "Hold on, I'll bring out a few for you to see. Okkaaay….. here, this is from when he was three years old, very fat right? Look at him, he's a meatball! This is his first day of school when he was five, still very fat, he really ate too much when he was a child!"
Caesar: “………………”
Caesar: White Feather, are you tired of living?
White Feather: But Master, I'm obviously helping you win favor with him ah? Don't you like him? If he looks at your childhood photos, and thinks that you were very cute, it'll certainly add extra points to his impression of you!
Caesar: …
Are you sure it’s extra points, and not minus points?
Caesar glanced at his chubby childhood photos, then silently turned away.
Thus, after Hobby began to earnestly carry out the mission of selling his master, White Feather also embarked on the brilliant path of "Selling Master”, going farther and farther, unable to turn back.
===========================
Chapter 028: Mech Training
After White Feather showcased Caesar's childhood photos to Lin Yuan (of course, excluding any backgrounds that contained the royal palace), Lin Yuan's final evaluation was: "You were really cute when you were small."
Caesar: "…"
Is this comment good or bad?
When he was a child, Caesar had a chubby face, his mother and Wang Xiong couldn't help but want to pinch him every time they saw him. Starting from ten years old, he quickly slimmed down, his figure getting better and better. By the time he turned 18, his stature was tall and slender, very similar to how His Majesty Trent looked when he was that age, and because of regular exercise, he had beautiful six pack abs…..
Caesar was quite confident about his current body. So, although White Feather took the initiative to expose its Master's dark history….. he could be adult about it, not interested in bothering with this foolish mech.
And seeing Lin Yuan happily looking through the photos, he could temporarily push down the idea of ​​punishing White Feather.
A C-Class mech's cockpit was not as spacious as an S-Class, there was only the main driver and co-pilot seats. Caesar let Lin Yuan sit in the main driver position and sat next to him, then he looked at Lin Yuan and said: "Do you want to get acquainted with these function keys first?"
Lin Yuan smiled and said: "No, I'm already very familiar, let's start the training right away!"
Caesar nodded, then turned on the training room's simulated exercise environment with an infrared remote controller.
This kind of smart 3D training room was similar to a one person training room on the holographic network, the training program could be set by the user. Common training programs included basic training, and three kinds of special training and comprehensive training.
Basic training was undoubtedly used by novices, but since Lin Yuan could be admitted to San Romia Military Academy, this basic training would certainly be useless. Thinking of this, Caesar directly turned on the first special training.
A virtual 3D scene immediately appeared in the spacious training room, red laser beams were continuously strafing around, the driver needed to quickly predict the paths of the lasers, and manipulate the mech to dodge. Once a laser hit the target, points were deducted, and if shot by three consecutive lasers, the training was automatically terminated.
This training was mainly to help the driver improve the flexibility and responsiveness of their maneuvering, in the future, when they were in a real war, they could quickly escape the enemies' attacks.
Lin Yuan sat in the pilot seat, his expression earnest, his ten fingers quickly taping the operation keys.
Different combinations of keys sent out different commands, the driver must clearly remember all the keys, forward, back, extend arms, turn, lift legs, side step, jump…..
Under Lin Yuan's operation, White Feather was practically like an agile human!
When the lasers shots approached, Lin Yuan skillfully avoided them all!
The lasers' path angles became more and more tricky, at this time, three laser beams suddenly shot simultaneously form the front left, right rear, and straight ahead. Seeing the laser beams about to pass through the mech, Lin Yuan suddenly reached to the left and forcefully pulled down the balance bar, and his right hand pressed the five buttons ACFEQ -
White Feather immediately soared into the air, simultaneously doing a clean and efficient face about to dodge the right rear laser beam in an instant, letting the front left laser beam sweep past his left leg, then he steadily landed on his right foot and bent over, neatly avoiding the front laser beam flying straight overhead!
Lin Yuan felt more excited to play, next up was four laser beams from four directions!
Lin Yuan pulled the balance bar up and used his right hand to rapidly press a few commands. Under his command, White Feather performed a 360 degree turn plus a side flip, avoiding the four beams one after another!
If someone was observing from the sidelines, they would ask in shock-
This is really a mecha made of metal? Aren't these moves simply from a gymnast and an acrobat?
Caesar watched Lin Yuan skillfully dodge the two waves of laser beams in this way, and finally couldn't help but use his spiritual connection to ask White Feather: "White Feather, are you dodging it for him?"
"Nope!" White Feather said innocently, "I haven't turned on my intelligence center, this is all his doing! His manipulation is comparable to my intelligence center's most precise data calculations!" Here, White Feather's tone was obviously excited, "You ordered me to completely hand over the control right to him, so I completely gave it to him! But I didn't expect him to dodge it all! Isn't he awesome?"
Caesar was silent for a moment, then he smiled and said, "Yup, he's super awesome, don't start to help, keep giving all the control to him."
The speed of the lasers was getting faster and faster, the number was rapidly increasing, and the angles were even trickier, on the final wave, the training grounds almost turned into an overwhelming laser net.
Lin Yuan quickly tapped the keys, his slender fingers skipping across the console resembling a gorgeous dance.
Isn't his hand speed too fast….?
Caesar was in awe and admiration, this guy really was a Small Monster, his family couldn't afford to buy a mech, so he usually practiced online? Just by practicing online, he achieves such a level in practical performance, anyone could see just how hard he worked!
Caesar couldn't help but turn to look at Lin Yuan, the boy's face was full of excitement and earnestness, his forehead was dripping with sweat, but he ignored it, putting all his attention on the console in front of him.
Obviously, he was extremely happy to be personally manipulating a mech for the first time.
After training for so long, he actually didn't seem a little bit tired…
Lin Yuan was focused on the 3D scenes playing out on the mech's screen, quickly determining the path of the lasers.
And Caesar was focused on watching Lin Yuan.
Somehow, looking at Lin Yuan's earnest face, Caesar's heart suddenly fell into a gentle mood - this was his favorite person, he was so hardworking, so outstanding, so energetic, so full of fighting spirit, like a tiger that recently grew into adulthood, fearlessly waving its two claws.
Such a pure, earnest little tiger…..
He really wanted to keep him by his side for a lifetime, and never let him be even a little bit hurt.
"Ah! Darn ….." Eight lasers suddenly shot out at the same time, and Lin Yuan finally couldn't dodge them all. He was hit three consecutive times, and the training program immediately stopped. Lin Yuan scratched his head, somewhat annoyed, then looked at Caesar and asked, "How do I dodge this?"
Caesar: "…"
Can I say that I didn't see what just happened at all? I was solely preoccupied looking at you…
Caesar turned away and deadpanly commanded White Feather: "White Feather, replay footage of what just happened."
White Feather immediately sent out a recording of the training.
Seeing the previous wave, Caesar thought for a moment, then said: "These eight lasers are coming from fluctuating angles, you can doge them by dividing them into four groups. You already dodged the first group and the second group, no problem, the third group can be ducked with a
Kohl Echo jump
, then pause in the air and do an 18 degree side spin to avoid the fourth group."
Lin Yuan froze, staring blankly, "Echo jump and side spin? These two movements simply can't be combined, right?"
Caesar gave a faint smile, "Come, I'll teach you how to do it."
Lin Yuan was about to stand up and change seats with Caesar, but Caesar didn't have that intention, he directly reached out and grasp Lin Yuan's fingers, set his in position, then adjusted the program to start from the point they needed to practice.
"You dodge the first 2 groups, I'll come in to dodge the last 2, we'll work together."
"Go it!"
The training program started up, the same eight laser beams once again shot out from all directions, Lin Yuan immediately concentrated his spirit, dexterously dodging the first two groups, then shifted to concentrate on Caesar's actions- only to see Caesar's slender and strong right hand fingers, as if casting magic, suddenly forcefully tap five keys, at the same time, his left hand tapped down three command keys -
White Feather's body immediately jumped up and nimbly dodged the third group of lasers, Caesar again accurately tapped down seven consecutive keys, White Feather paused in the air for less than 0.1 second, then according to the command, it spurn sideways, and the last group of lasers really brushed past the mech's shoulder!
Lin Yuan: "….."
Two ultra-difficult moves were consecutively completed with such ease.
After a long silence, Lin Yuan stared at Caesar in admiration, "You're freaking awesome! You need super-fast hands just to complete one of those two moves, and you still need to accurately grasp the timing, to be able to complete two of them consecutively ….."
Caesar was very pleased receiving Lin Yuan's praise, if he had a tail, it would already by sticking up.
After Lin Yuan praised him, he continued to studiously ask: "Oh right, what command did you add in the middle?"
Caesar answered earnestly: "That was the R key, this key allows the mech to hover in the air for a period of time. Those two moves can't be directly chained, so this pause is equivalent to a buffer between the actions. When you want to chain many difficult moves, you can try this air pause buffer method."
Caesar said while once again taping the buttons in slow motion.
"Do you understand?"
Lin Yuan's eyes were bright: "Understood!"
When Lin Yuan usually practiced making the mech complete the three difficult moves, he would habitually perform one action, land, then connect it to another action. This allowed the mech's body to maintain a stable balance, and he could perform the actions more confidently.
Just now, Caesar directly paused while suspended in the air, then immediately calculated the direction of the mech's route change, this approach made Lin Yuan feel enlightened, like he'd suddenly opened up a door to a new world!
"It's the first time I've seen this kind of method, I'll give it a try."
Lin Yuan excitedly grab the control from Caesar's hands, and resumed the previous section of training.
He really was a fast learner, he very smoothly dodged the wave of lasers.
After dodging, Lin Yuan continued staring at the 3D screen in front in concentration, but after staring for a moment, he found that no more laser beams were appearing, Lin Yuan asked doubtfully: "It ended?
Caesar held back a smile, saying, "Yeah, you've now passed the first stage of the special training. It seems that I underestimated you, I thought you'd need at least three days to pass the first stage."
Somewhat embarrassed by Caesar's compliment, Lin Yuan earnestly explained: "Probably because I used to practice online so often? This training's style is very similar to the online one. Although online was dodging light bombs, not lasers, the light bombs were really small and relatively easy to dodge, and the principle is the same. Also, a real mech's operation seems to be almost identical to online?"
Caesar finally couldn't help but smile - this guy's earnest look, really was stupidly cute.
"Uh ….. why're you laughing umm ….." Lin Yuan blushed, scratching his head, "My family really wasn't as well off as yours, we couldn't afford our own mech, so I could only go online and train. All the knowledge I have was learned online, I don't know if it's accurate."
Caesar looked at him and smiled, asking, "What's your username?"
Lin Yuan felt somewhat bashful to say: "It's …
Ball
. I registered when I was ten, and casually choose any name, my avatar in the virtual network is also a small ball."
Ball? He chose that at ten?
Unable to stop himself from laughing out loud, Caesar had no choice but to change the subject: "The next stage is attack training, are you tired? Do you want to take a break?"
Lin Yuan immediately shook his head and said: "I'm not tired!
Caesar said: "Then do we continue to the next stage?"
"Let's go!"
He obviously liked operating mechs, with such high-intensity training, his sweat was flowing, but he actually didn't feel tired.
There were more than 10 kinds of simulations in the school's mech training room, the driver's reaction speed, dexterity, coordination, attack ability, defense ability, etc. could be train, in accordance to his own childhood training method, Caesar had Lin Yuan complete the first stage of the reaction speed training, then change to the second 3D setting, starting the attack ability training.
The attack training setting's terrain was more complex, there would be multiple multi-colored mechs suddenly popping out from different angles and fleeing in different directions. The driver must grasp the timing to kill them, if they don't quickly KO them and allowed the mech to escape the training range, their points would be deducted, with three consecutive escapes resulting in training termination.
Because they didn't know where the mechs would appear, the driver's spirit must be highly focused.
Lin Yuan's whole body was already completely resembling a small hedgehog, his black eyes full of alertness.
Reassured, Caesar gave over White Feather's driving rights to him, when necessary, he took the initiative to give Lin Yuan directions. Fortunately, Lin Yuan was a very quick learner, once he learned it, he could immediately complete it, never making the same mistake twice.
The two people practiced in the training room until 11 pm, half way through the second exercise. Seeing Lin Yuan not looking like he was ready to rest, Caesar said: "We'll end here today."
Lin Yuan hurriedly said: "I'm not tired ….."
Caesar directly stretched his hand past him and shut down the mech's operating system, "It's 11 o'clock, we should go back and sleep."
"….. It's really 11 o'clock?" Lin Yuan had no choice but to take back his hands, and follow Caesar out of the cockpit.
They walked side by side back to the dormitory, seeing Lin Yuan's melancholy look, Caesar's heart softened, and he quickly added: "Don't worry, there's still a month left before the competition, I'll train with you every night until then."
Lin Yuan looked up at him and said: "But if I'm training with White Feather, what will you do? You're not joining the competition?"
Caesar couldn't help but smile, "It doesn't matter, I don't need to practice this kind of thing."
- Stupid, I joined this game for you.
- otherwise, why would His Highness the Grand Prince run away to participate in a C-Class mech competition? Just to return to Cepheus and see Trent His Majesty's ugly expression?
======================================
Chapter 029: Mech Battle
By the time the two returned to the dormitory it was already half past eleven. Lin Yuan had worked up a sweat from his training, so he went back to his bedroom to take a bath, blow dry his hair, and toss his clothes into the washing machine, then he reclined on his bed.
The excitement from the training still hadn't worn off, so Lin Yuan didn't feel even the slightest bit sleepy.
Lin Yuan picked up the helmet by his bedside, and logged into the holographic network system for the first time since entering school.
Today's network systems were divided into the holographic network and the graphic network. The holographic network could be used to experience a variety of entertainments, shopping, games, hanging out with friends, and the graphic network was commonly used for information retrieval and document look up, after all, when looking for information, people were still more used to searching with keywords, rather than browsing through a book store on the holographic network.
Lin Yuan put on the helmet and made himself relax, soon, he was logged into the Empire's holographic network.
Like he had just told Caesar, his username on the holographic network was "Ball", he'd registered when he was ten years old, and his character model was a small round snowball.
A child's aesthetic….. Lin Yuan refused to comment on it.
The character models on the virtual network were freely chosen by the users, therefore, when walking through the holographic network streets, it was normal to see all kinds of vigorous animals, plants, handsome men and beautiful women….. even
dinosaurs
.
This was a virtual and unique world.
Of course, in order to keep things child friendly, the models of these terrifying beasts were replaced by chibi versions.
Little snowball Lin Yuan and his former classmates usually hung around A1 Street in the shopping district.
A1 Street was the dedicated street for the mech market, various models of mecha were sold, but of course, B-Class mechs and above were government controlled, so only C, D and E level mechs could be sold directly.
Lin Yuan walked into a large mech shop, unable to stop salivating at the sight of the variously colored mech on display.
This shop sold the largest and most comprehensive amount of mech, it ranked first on the mech shop reputation charts year round, and the customer service was particularly good. Their monthly stock of mech were rumored to be replenished directly from a mech factory in Cepheus, where they have first-hand access to the goods. The latest and most comprehensive range of mech guaranteed a steady stream of customers to the store.
When Lin Yuan was back home, he'd often visit the store to window shop.
As soon as he entered the store, he stared at the red mech positioned on the grand exhibition stage. He'd been a fan of this mech for a long time, this red humanoid mech was this year's latest model, the design was very beautiful, the fresh metal reflecting the room's lighting, dazzling.
Lin Yuan walked up to the counter and politely asked: "Boss, how much is this mech?"
The boss smiled: "This is this year's new Syrex C3 model, if you want, I can give you a discount, 450,000 crystal coins."
"… uh, I don't have enough coins."
The boss continued smiling: "No matter, you can come back after you save enough right? Or do you want to look at the other mechs? How about that white one? Although it's an older model, the price is much more affordable, only 200,000 crystal coins."
"….." Lin Yuan silently gulped, turned around, and left the mech shop.
Being broke is so tragic…
450,000, would he even earn that much if he sold his organs?
It seemed that saving enough money to buy a mech was an impossible dream, he could only hope that he'll serve in a good regiment after graduation, in time, he could buy a good house and bring over his mother and sister, and maybe even have a mech assigned to him…
When life beats you down, look forward to a better future, it's the best motivation.
His mood brightening, Lin Yuan turned onto the gaming district's C1 Street.
Just like A1 Street in the shopping district, and B1 Street in the entertainment district, the first street of the gaming district,​​ C1 Street, was the busiest area in ​​the entire gaming district. The street was simply crowded with people, although the roads could automatically stratify to prevent traffic congestion, Lin Yuan still felt astonished seeing so many people packed together.
The reason C1 Street was the liveliest street was because the mech gaming quarter was located there. Many children like Lin Yuan whose families couldn't afford their own mechs liked coming here to play virtual war games.
Unlike the bare bones reality, the online world was still quite blissful. Each person registering here for the first time was assigned a free C-Class mech by the system, although it was a very old CR model, it was better than nothing.
Moreover, the mech could be upgraded through online battle, as long as you used the low level CR mech to win a game, the system rewarded you a certain amount of credits. After you save enough credits, the mech could be modified and upgraded, but you could also just buy a new mech from the virtual store.
Lin Yuan started gaming here when he was 15, three years later, his mech was already CA level, which was the highest level in the virtual mech battle game.
Lin Yuan walked into the public lounge and found that the place seemed to be much more lively than usual, was there an event?
Lin Yuan curiously walked up to the lounge's giant display.
"Is Little Prince really coming?"
"He hasn't logged on for so long ah! Why is he suddenly showing up today?!"
"Hope I can take a selfie with him!"
Looking at the public chat flooding the giant screen, Lin Yuan finally understood the reasons behind the gaming lounge's sudden liveliness today.
Little Prince - there was no one in the virtual mech battle gaming scene who didn't know about this ID.
He was rumored to be invincible, the undefeated, he's at the top of the battle rankings with a 100% win percentage and 30 million credits. Over the years, no one has surpassed him, he was simply an online god.
When Lin Yuan started playing online, he heard about his various legendary feats, but had never seen him log on.
Who'd expect that after logging in impulsively, he'd actually have a chance to meet this God level character who'd also unexpectedly logged in?
Infected by the crowd's fervor, Lin Yuan also couldn't help but get excited.
Even more exciting, that Little Prince guy was actually hosting a room in the lounge, and the room's name was blunt enough to make people gnash their teeth-
Free Tutoring
This man was too arrogant, right? How was he so sure that no one could out class him?
Lin Yuan couldn't help but think about the network ID Little Prince, to choose such a tacky name, this guy obviously didn't have good taste. Maybe he was like him, a poor kid whose family couldn't afford a mech, and could only play with mechs online.
Seeing the first ranker arrogantly hanging in the room "Free Tutoring", Lin Yuan's heart immediately ignited with fighting spirit.
His win rate in the online mech battle game was over 85%, but this prince's win rate was actually 100%, this was too outrageous. This 100% winning percentage really made people fired up to beat him!
Lin Yuan didn't hesitate to directly apply to join the challenge room, almost immediately, his application was accepted.
Surprisingly, as soon as he walked in, the room was locked, becoming spectator only, no other mech was allowed to join the battle scenario.
The arena only had Lin Yuan's CA177 and the opponent's CA101, the spectator mats were densely packed.
The two both had CA at the beginning of their mech's model numbers, clearly the online mech battle's latest high level mech, but Lin Yuan's was a red humanoid, while the opponent's was a ….. white bird?
A mech's shape was designed for either land warfare or air combat. Land warfare mecha included wolves, foxes, scorpions, spiders, lions, snakes and other types, but humanoid mech were the most common in land warfare, since they were the most balanced in all aspects of battle. Air combat mech included dragons, birds, bees, phoenixes, butterflies, etc. the features of each mech were also different.
Only S-Class mech could transform into more than one of the shapes described above, lower level mechs couldn't morph. Unfortunately, the manufacturing cost of S-Class mechs was too high, the whole Empire only had about ten of them. The majority of the mecha forces in the armies were still C-Class mechs, because of the different combat requirements, the creation of different shaped mechs was necessary.
Seeing his opponent operating a white bird, Lin Yuan wasn't worried, even though the air combat mech could fly, they were quite unstable compared to land combat mechs. Also, C-Class mech couldn't fly very high, a well placed attack could send them crashing down.
Unimpressed, Lin Yuan called out: "Are you the undefeated legend? Come, teach me!"
The other side smiled and said: "Oh, I'm about to school you, don't worry."
"…"
This guy really was too arrogant ah!
Lin Yuan took a deep breath, then moved his CA177, performing a beautiful leap, unhesitantly dashing towards his opponent. He unsheathed the giant electromagnetic sword of his back, the blade positioned to strike at the opponent's neck!
This sword angle was excellent, almost all of the opponent's head area was covered in the range of the electromagnetic sword's attack, even if the other side immediately took flight, he would definitely be struck by the blade!
The audience exclaimed in surprise -
Unexpectedly, the opponent didn't choose to take flight, rather, he nimbly ducked underneath the humanoid mech's shoulder socket to pop up behind him!
Lin Yuan was unperturbed, seeing the opponent dodge, he swiftly spun around to deliver a neat and tidy roundhouse kick!
But the white bird simply flew up, unfolding its wings to fly higher and higher, casting a huge shadow over the earth bound mech.
Lin Yuan immediately raised his mech's arms up in a 60 degree angle, his elbows outstretched, the particle cannons hidden in the mech's arms mercilessly firing out three shots! The three missiles' launch routes were extremely accurate, running separately yet simultaneously, aiming for one of the bird's wings, its abdomen, and its head, as long as one of them hit their target, the bird would plummet!
The crowd of onlookers held their breaths…
On edge of imminent peril, the bird suddenly turned to the right and did a 360 degree aerial somersault, the three missiles brushing dangerously close to its wings as they flew passed!
The audience immediately exploded -
"My God, he dodged it!"
"If that was me, I'd be scrap metal!"
"A 360 degree aerial somersault! The pilot also has to spin around in the mecha, isn't he dizzy?"
"Little Prince really is the first ranker! He's too strong!"
"This Ball guy's also pretty strong, did you see the angle of those three shots? Not just anyone could dodge that!"
"Honestly, if that was me, I wouldn't even be able to dodge that sword strike ….."
"They're both experts!"
While the audience was chatting excitedly, on the battlefield, Lin Yuan, who still hadn't lost his fighting spirit, was maneuvering his humanoid mech to chase after the bird. He launched wave after electromagnetic wave of light energy missiles at it, but none of them landed!
Lin Yuan felt extremely depressed!
On the surface, it looked like he was keeping his opponent on the run, but in fact, he was completely disadvantaged. He could work himself to death for a long time and not gain the upper hand, while the other side could lead him around the field, like walking a pet, a relaxing stroll.
Lin Yuan hadn't played such an exciting match for a long time!
This kind of disadvantage unexpectedly fired him up even more! He recalled the intensive attack drills in today's training room, the more difficult the circumstances, the calmer you needed to be, hot bloodedness was a good thing, but too much hot bloodedness would only give the opponent an advantage.
Lin Yuan quickly forced himself to calm down and withdrew his particle cannons. He stood in place, readying himself for a defensive counterattack.
At this time, the system suddenly popped up a timer notice, and the two mechs were immediately teleported back to the opposing maintenance ports.
Lin Yuan froze - online battles had a twenty minute time limit, he'd already been fighting this guy for twenty minutes? Ordinarily, he'd defeat his opponents within three minutes, or if he met a higher level player, he'd be beaten by them within three minutes, so this was the first time Lin Yuan encountered a battle that couldn't be settled within the twenty minutes.
Lin Yuan was somewhat puzzled, thinking: Why didn't he fight back? To be honest, if he fought back, I would've lost already.
Sure enough, a legend's thought patterns were too incomprehensible for normal people.
Because the two mechs had no casualties, the system automatically scored them according to the two sides' mech maneuvering, the final winner was Little Prince, who was rewarded 300 credits.
The scene immediately exploded into enthusiastic applause.
Lin Yuan was somewhat dissatisfied: "Let's go again!"
But the opponent replied: "Nuh uh, I'm sleepy."
….. How does every sentence this guy utters make me want to punch him?
Lin Yuan was silent for a moment, then he sent out a friend request and opened a private chat: "Then, will you log back on later?"
These words, just like a child tugging on an adult's hand, expectantly asking them: Do you have any more candy?
As soon as Lin Yuan sent these words, he couldn't help but blush slightly.
Contrarily, the Little Prince was still very calm: "I'll be back, I've had some free time lately."
Lin Yuan immediately excitedly asked: "Then tomorrow night, same time, can we play again?"
The Little Prince yawned, "Why should I play with you, your level's so low."
Lin Yuan: "….."
Little Prince: "Unless you want to be my disciple."
Lin Yuan: "….."
Little Prince: "How about it? I think your combat instincts' not half bad, you just lack some practical experience. If you call me Master, I can take out some time to teach you."
….. This person's skin is really thick.
But he's also really strong.
How strong was he? Strong to the point where he couldn't even land a hit on him in hand to hand combat.
Anyway, he was the mech battle game's current first ranker, Lin Yuan couldn't see any disadvantage in becoming his disciple. Thinking of this, Lin Yuan straightforwardly said: "Master! Please teach me!"
"Kay, clever disciple~" Little Prince sent a hug emoji, then directly deposited 1,000,000 credits.
- Lin Yuan was dumbfounded.
Is that really one million? Did he make a mistake?
But this guy has a ridiculous amount of credits, right? So scarily dedicated as soon as he undertakes a task, he really was the legendary first ranker…..
But….. It feels so good to be nurtured by the Master!
Little Prince: "Take those credits to go buy a new mech, you've limited yourself by always using humanoid mechs, give the land combat's wolf type and the air combat's birds a try. After mastering these two, the others will be a cake walk."
"Yes, thank you Master!"
Lin Yuan took his Master's gift credits and ran to the battle platform's mech store. He exchanged 500,000 credits for a silver wolf-type mech, and used the remaining 500,000 plus his own 300,000 for a red bird.
In this battle game, many of the high level experts had more than one mech, Lin Yuan didn't have that many credits, so he only had one humanoid mech, the upgraded version of the one the system first sent him.
Today, thanks to his Master, he suddenly owned two new mechs, excited, Lin Yuan jumped into his new mechs' cockpits to feel them out, then earnestly locked his new mechs up in his pocket space. After this, he contentedly logged off and went to sleep.
***
In the neighboring bedroom, Caesar pulled off his virtua helmet and gently massaged his temple.
To go so far as to pretend to be an arrogant high level player to receive Lin Yuan as his disciple, he had only one objective -
If a stranger directly gave Lin Yuan an expensive gift, with his temperament, he certainly wouldn't accept it. But if he was his Master, he'd have grounds for sending him gifts later, and he could teach him more conveniently. Also, he could get even closer to him….. right?
==============================================
Chapter 030: Mech Upgrade
The next day, instructor Knox led the 50 students to the school's shooting gallery for shooting practice. As a soldier, one's shooting skill must meet the standard, in order to be able to control mechs at an even higher level later.
Knox stood in front of the row of students and said with a solemn expression: "The next three days will be dedicated to shooting training. Today is the first stage, each person must fire ten times in a row, and all ten shots must hit the target at a score of 8.5 or higher to pass. Students who pass can go back and rest early, the students who fail must remain here and practice until they pass!"
Lin Yuan used to play a lot of shooting games online, taking hold of a light and slim particle gun in person for the first time, he couldn't wait to try it out. Under instructor Knox's orders, Lin Yuan immediately raised the particle gun and started shooting at the target.
8.9, 8.6, 8.8, 8.0…
Darn, less than 8.5, the score recalculated.
Lin Yuan took a deep breath, adjusted his aim and started a new round of shooting.
8.6, 8.5, 8.3…
Reset.
Fortunately, this kind of practice particle gun didn't need ammunition, instead using energy to control a particle beam. An energy box could shoot about 1000 rounds of particle beams, which was enough for a student's morning practice.
Lin Yuan was concentrating on firing at the target when he suddenly heard instructor Knox call out, "Caesar, you may leave early!"
Everyone: "…"
The group simultaneously turned to look in Caesar's direction, staring up at the scoreboard above his head, which was displaying the results of his ten shots - 9.7, 9.6, 9.8, 9.6, 9.8, 9.6, 9.7, 9.6, 9.8, 9.9.
Not only did Lin Yuan gawk at the board, even the other students were astonished!
This level, isn't it comparable to a professional shooter's?
All ten shots scored above 9.5. Even more outrageous, the last shot actually hit a high score of 9.9! Please understand, the longer you continuously shoot, the greater the psychological pressure will increase, especially for the last shot, it's easy to make mistakes because of nervousness.
But not only was Caesar unaffected, he calmly fired the last shot, getting a high score of 9.9…
Lin Yuan stared at his roommate in admiration, coincidentally catching Caesar's line of sight.
Lin Yuan couldn't help but smile and send him a thumbs up.
Caesar put down the pistol and took off his earmuffs, then he walked to Lin Yuan's side and whispered, "How are you doing?"
Lin Yuan replied: "I'm not very stable, I'll have to keep on training."
Caesar glanced up at the scoreboard, then stepped behind Lin Yuan to hold his arms and gently lift them up, adjusting his posture. Then he spoke softly into his ear: "Don't be tense. Close your eyes and take a deep breath to calm yourself down. Don't look up at the scoreboard midway through, just earnestly rely on your judgment and instincts for each shot."
Lin Yuan nodded: "Yeah, I know, I'll keep practicing."
Caesar smiled and said, "Then I'll head back first, I have a matter to take care of today."
Lin Yuan waved at him, "Okay, bye!"
Caesar turned away from the training room and immediately ran into Brian, who was walking out of the neighboring shooting gallery.
Brian beamed at him and patted Caesar's shoulder, saying proudly: "This kind of training is so dull. I've had shooting drills since I was thirteen, you're all done too right?"
"Yeah." Caesar nodded, "Since the training is completed, are you free today?"
Brian stretched out his arm and kneaded his neck. "Yup, that was it for today, so boring…"
Caesar said: "Okay Mr. Bored, come do me a favor."
Brian lowered his arm and glanced back at Caesar in confusion, "Do you still need my help?"
Caesar turned and said: "Come, follow me."
***
In order to not attract any attention, Caesar and Brian walked to the front gate and took a suspension car out of the school grounds. After travelling some distance from the military base, the two boys hopped out of the car and summoned White Feather.
Caesar and Brian entered White Feather's cockpit. White Feather, sensing another person in his cockpit, couldn't help but ask: "Master, you've brought someone into my cockpit! Isn't this an outsider?"
Brian smiled and greeted, "Hello Little White, it's me."
When White Feather saw Brian, he immediately turned into a virtual white feather and excitedly floated in front of Brian. "BB! What happened in the final episode of that show? Tell me, tell me!"
Brian: "Your favorite supporting actor was killed off."
White Feather gloomily replied: "How can this be? That supporting actor was obviously more gentle and caring!"
Brian: "I thought so too, his character always reminded me of myself, gentle and caring."
Caesar: "…"
A shameless friend and a shameless mech, you really needed to have strong patience to withstand these two guys.
Ignoring the two's conversation, Caesar opened up the 3D navigation map and set White Feather's destination coordinates.
Naturally, it was the Salman forest, located a good distance from the military base. The forest was deserted, plus it was densely forested. It would be very hard to find the mechs concealed here.
During modification, a mech's intelligence center must be completely shut down, just like human beings needed to be put under general anesthesia before undergoing surgery. The process of modifying a mech was very complicated, so the mech's intelligence center would inevitably be damaged. Suzaku had to be shut down and dormant. Helpless, it had morphed and entered the space button, so it was necessary to find a safe place to let it out.
Caesar selected a large cleared space inside the forest for White Feather to land, then released Suzaku from the space button.
When Brian saw the mech, his eyes bugged out in shock. "Isn't this… Suzaku?"
Caesar nodded: "Yes, it's Suzaku."
"…" Brian stared at the huge red mech in front of him, speechless for a long time.
When he was a child, he often heard his grandfather talk about Suzaku. In fact, the empire's famous mech inventor, Aston Bayh, only made four S-Class mechs, the first one was Lion King, belonging to His Majesty Trent, the second was Marshal Rosen's Black Dragon, the third was General Ling Yu's Suzaku, and the fourth was Prince Caesar's White Feather.
Since the completion of White Feather's construction, Mr. Aston's health has been on the decline, and he's been unable to work.
It takes a great amount of time and effort to manufacture an S-Class mech. From the design stage to the assembly of parts, extremely accurate calculations must be made at each step. An error margin of 0.1 mm could make the mech implode at the last moment. Brian had already met Lion King, Black Dragon, and White Feather, but he had only ever seen drawings of the legendary Suzaku, and never met it in person.
From the conception to the finalization of Suzaku's blueprints, his Grandpa revised the blueprints over a hundred times before finally feeling satisfied. When Brian first saw them, even he felt that the level of complexity was absurd.
Suzaku was his Grandpa's most proud work of art. Unfortunately, because his master violated military regulations and was sentenced to execution, Suzaku was also implicated and imprisoned.
- I never thought I'd actually have the opportunity to see it!
Brian couldn't help but feel giddy, he ran over to Suzaku to look it over carefully - This was his Grandpa's magnum opus, every bit of Suzaku's body, from the large parts to the small parts, were perfect!
Brian sized Suzaku up carefully, then turned around and asked: "Caesar, why do you have Suzaku?"
Caesar briefly explained Suzaku's situation to Brian.
Brian was flabbergasted: "… A downgrade?! Are you mad?"
Suzaku suddenly opened up: "Brian, I beg this of you, I don't want to be discovered and locked up again. If I can be downgraded to C-Class, I'll be able to sneak under the radar. Even if the mech association investigates, there'll be no evidence."
"…" Brian, who has never heard Suzaku's voice, couldn't help but gape.
The voice timbre data his Grandpa had installed into Suzaku's sound system was very gentle. Suzaku's voice sounded soft and pleasing, making the listeners feel comfortable, unlike White Feather, whose high pitched and hyper voice made people think about hitting it with a sledge hammer.
Caesar saw that Brian was starting to waver and hurriedly gave him a final push, "These are the current circumstances. Since you're already in on the secret, you have no choice but to help me right? Anyway, if I'm the mastermind, you're now my accomplice."
Brian: "…"
To have such a "
laid-back
" prince for a friend, he really felt like he was living on the edge!
Brian was silent for a moment before he reluctantly nodded, "Although I know how to do it in theory, I've never personally downgraded a mech, plus Suzaku is an S-Class mech, its internal structure must be very complicated… I need to go back and collect some more data, if I make any mistakes during the procedure I could damage Suzaku."
Caesar nodded. "We'll go back and collect the information later. The next three days are dedicated to shooting practice, if you pass the evaluation early you can treat the rest of the days as a holiday. We'll take advantage of these three days to prepare for the operation. Afterwards, we'll have no choice but to sneak out at night."
Brian couldn't help but look up at Caesar: "You've been plotting this for a long time huh? You've even calculated the schedule?"
Caesar shrugged helplessly: "I have no choice, since I've decided to free Suzaku, I can only give it my best shot. Fortunately, I have the mech prodigy Brian to help me."
Brian immediately snorted: "It's not use flattering me, most mech experts can find a way to upgrade a mech, but no one's been bored or careless enough to fully downgrade a mech, plus it's very rare to find a mech willing to downgrade themselves… this is also my first attempt."
Caesar replied earnestly: "I believe in your skill."
Brian was silent for a moment before he smiled and said, "Since you insist on stroking my ego, then I have no choice but to accept the challenge. In fact, I'm also super confident in my skills."
Caesar: "…"
By the time the two found a safe place for Suzaku to settle it was already lunch time, Caesar called out White Feather and said: "White Feather, for the next month Brian and I will try to take some time out every day to modify Suzaku. Suzaku's intelligence center needs to be shut down during the modification. You have to stay by Suzaku's side and protect it from any accidents."
White Feather excitedly replied: "Aye sir! It's a great idea to make me the predecessor's bodyguard! I will certainly complete this mission with glory and honor, rest assured master!" After speaking, it morphed into a huge bird, and proudly stood beside Suzaku. One wing was shamelessly extended over Suzaku, posing in a protective stance.
Suzaku: "…"
Suzaku immediately shut himself down.
Caesar: "Except for me and Brian, do you know what to do if a stranger tries to touch Suzaku?"
White Feather instantly replied: "I know, I'll immediately smash him into pieces!"
Caesar nodded with satisfaction, "Good, then you stay here as a bodyguard. I'm heading back with Brian."
After the two boys left, the surrounding area quieted down, and White Feather excitedly shouted: "Predecessor Suzaku, it's only us here, let's chat! When Mr. Aston was building me, he always talked about you. He called you his favorite mech, his most satisfying creation! I've always wanted to meet you! You look really good, red is such a great color on you!"
"The design of our intelligence systems are similar, so when I invaded your intelligence center that day I saw a lot of bad memories. It's so pitiful that you were forcibly shut down for so many years. Fortunately, my master rescued you. You can stop worrying predecessor. You'll have a new master soon and I, I'll always protect you!"
White Feather couldn't help but feel somewhat bashful at his own declaration, but after waiting for a long time, he found that Suzaku wasn't responding at all. Confused, White Feather couldn't help but look down, then froze in place: "W-whaa… why are you shut down!?"
Suzaku: I can't hear anything if I'm shut down, so I can happily get some peace and quiet!
***
Brian called out Little Blue to take them back to school.
Although Little Blue was rated as a D-Class mech by the Mech Association, there were many factors in a mech's rating, including the ability to attack, the number of cold weapons, light energy bullets, etc. Although Little Blue had a near 0 rating in attack power, its speed was nothing to sneeze at.
This was Caesar's first time entering Little Blue's cockpit. Contrary to White Feather's chattering and bumbling around before a take-off, Little Blue was much more obedient. Without a single comment, it took off, carefully following the set route. To be with Brian for so many years yet still maintain a calm intelligence center, this really was not an easy accomplishment.
Brian checked Little Blue's intelligence center, then excitedly said: "Oh right, Caesar, now that you've reminded me, I think Little Blue could use a good upgrade. Its intelligence system ought to be A-Class or higher, but the hardware facilities can't keep up, so the Mech Association evaluated it as D-Class."
Caesar: "The mech association's ratings are quite superficial, and the evaluation criteria is too rigid. It hasn't changed in hundreds of years. You created Little Blue when you were very young, so your designs were very juvenile, you should modify it when you have a chance later. ."
Brian nodded. "Yup, that's what I was thinking of doing, I'll brush up on upgrade procedures when I get back. I need to look over Little Blue to see which parts could use a modification. Mmm, I think I'll remove the arms and legs first, and exchange them for ones made with a more flexible material."
Little Blue: "………"
You're discussing your plans to remove the hands and feet of a mech right in front of it? Is this really a good idea?
***
Brian and Caesar spent the rest of the afternoon on the library's 15th floor. The two's ID cards gave them the highest authorization. As a result, they could easily access confidential information that was not open to the public. The true wealth of San Romia's Library was located on the 10th through 15th floor, the vast collection of precious books and confidential documents was simply fascinating.
Contrary to his usual behavior, Brian was very efficient when he was seriously invested. Throughout the afternoon, he compiled a list of all the information on mech modification and parts disassembly that he needed, then used a light tablet to copy the information to bring it out of the library.
When it was dinner time, the two boys walked downstairs, and ran into Snow at the medical section on the fifth floor.
Snow had apparently just finished copying information and was exiting the fifth floor. A Beta girl walked out with him, a pleasant smile on her face as she talked to him. Snow listened to her words earnestly, his expression focused.
Brian grinned and greeted, "Hey Snow, what a coincidence."
Snow watched Brian and Caesar walk down the rest of the stairs, and asked, puzzled: "You were checking out books upstairs?"
The majority of the books on floors sixth and above were related to history and social sciences. What business did the the two of them have upstairs?
Brian hastily explained: "No, we were on the fifteenth floor, we needed to check out some information."
"…" Snow was silent. Because of the abundance of confidential information on the 10 floor and above, corresponding authorization was needed to open up the floors. The process of applying for permission with the school issued crystal card was very complicated. Most students only got the opportunity to go up there when they needed to plan their graduation project. After all, the books available on the 1 -10th floors were more than enough for daily study.
Who would expect that Brian and Caesar had the authorization to open the floors? They were also first-year students. It was unreasonable to have such high authorization so soon after entering the school. Obviously, they must've used their own ID cards to enter. The family backgrounds of the two Alphas were obviously not simple.
Seeing Snow not responding, Brian glanced at the girl next to him and couldn't help but ask: "Who's this?"
Snow returned to reality, then introduced: "This is my girlfriend, Cheryl." Then he pulled her into a stiff looking intimate embrace, his arms around her shoulder, and said, "These two are my roommates, the Command Department's Caesar and the Engineering Department's Brian."
Cheryl, who had a pride worthy figure and full wavy hair, smiled elegantly: "Nice to meet you."
Caesar, politely: "Likewise."
Brian: "…"
WTF!
Cheryl, apparently sensing a deep concentration of hostility radiating from Brian, glanced at him with a puzzled look, then took Snow's arm and continued down the stairs.
Brian stared at their retreating backs, the unpleasant emotions in his heart multiplying tenfold!
After a moment of silence, Caesar said: "I never thought Snow would be such a quick mover. It's only been a week since the start of the new term and he's already found a girlfriend… At least he has some good eyes, Cheryl's very beautiful."
However, Caesar couldn't help but feel some doubts, if Snow was really an Omega… Was it appropriate for him to find a Beta girlfriend? Shouldn't he find an Alpha boy to get through estrus?
Caesar stood thoughtfully, not noticing that Brian's eyes were already on fire.
While the two ate dinner, they once again saw Cheryl and Snow walking arm in arm into the dining hall. Snow even thoughtfully held her plate for her. Coming down from the initial anger, Brian gradually became dejected, staring plaintively at Snow's back, like a big dog that was abandoned by its owner.
Caesar finally noticed something wrong with his friend, and couldn't help but ask: "What's wrong Brian?"
Brian stayed silent for a moment, then asked seriously: "Caesar, if you realized that you liked someone, but the other person's already seeing someone else, what would you do?"
Caesar pictured a scene of Lin Yuan dating someone else… This was totally unbearable!
"Do you really have to think about it? Of course you have to steal them away." Caesar said mercilessly, "As long as they're not married, it's not a foregone conclusion. Everyone deserves a chance for fair competition. Why don't you fight for what you want?"
Brian's eyes brightened, "That's right, I think so too! I won't selflessly hand him over to someone else!"
Brian resolutely vowed in the bottom of his heart: Snow belongs to me.
At the same time Snow, who was eating with his senior sister, suddenly felt a strange chill run down his spine.
===========================================
Chapter 031: Brian's Confession
Because of the odd uneasiness that suddenly rose up in his heart, Snow couldn't help but frown slightly. He glanced in Brian's direction and saw that Brian appeared to be discussing something seriously with Caesar, but nothing seemed to be abnormal.
…Maybe I'm over thinking it?
Cheryl looked at him with an inquisitive smile: "Is something bothering you? Underclassman?"
Snow took a deep breath and feigned calmness: "Nothing's wrong."
Cheryl smiled and changed subjects: "Oh right, you asked me about creating homemade medicine today. I thought of a way you can do it. I'm currently preparing for my graduation project, and I've just been approved for the private school lab I applied for. If you need it, I can lend you all the equipment you need to make medicine."
Snow looked up and asked: "Doesn't this violate the school's rules?"
Cheryl shook her head and said, "That doesn't matter, I need a lab assistant to help with some tasks. You should apply to be my assistant, so no one doubts you when you go in and out of the lab or use the equipment."
Snow said earnestly: "Thank you, upperclassman."
Cheryl: "Don't mention it, I grew up on Oman planet too. It's rare to meet another schoolmate from my home. I'm supposed to take care of you." Cheryl paused, then lowered her voice and said, "But, pretending to be your girlfriend is not a long-term solution. Isn't it better to try and find a girl you'd like? Do you want me to introduce someone to you?"
Snow hastily replied: "That's okay, let's keep this up for the time being, thank you upperclassman."
Cheryl smiled and said, "Okay, then treat me to dinner today."Snow nodded: "No problem."
Cheryl was a third-year medical department upperclassman whom Snow met the first day he checked in at school. At that time, she happened to be in the new students' reception room and discovered that Snow came from the same planet Oman as her, so she paid closer attention to him. The two exchanged contact information, and Cheryl assured Snow that he could ask her for help if he encountered any difficulties in school. She was the Secretary General of the Medical Department's Student Union.
It just so happens that Snow was stressing over the inhibitor situation for the past few days, so he tracked down Cheryl to ask her about making homemade drugs.
This upperclassman specializes in pharmacology. After graduation, she'll most likely become a pharmacist. That she was currently preparing her graduation project and had already applied for a private laboratory to make a batch of new drugs just as Snow needed her help was an unexpected, but pleasant, surprise.
He unhesitantly agreed to become Cheryl's assistant. As long as he got a hold of the ingredients for the inhibitor, he could use the laboratory equipment to create a more stable inhibitor.
After dinner, Snow returned to the library to once again look up information.
He had to think of a way to process the oral inhibitor into an injection as soon as possible.
Many of the ingredients in the inhibitor could not be directly absorbed by the body after digestion in the gastrointestinal tract. The effects of an oral administration were greatly reduced. Only a direct intravenous injection was most efficient. Moreover, an injection was only needed once every three months, unlike the oral medication, which had to be taken every day.
Snow knew the formula for the inhibitor, however, in order to find conventional drugs with similar effects to use as substitutes for the illegal ingredients that were not commercially available, he needed to consult a large amount of data and conduct various experiments.
***
As Snow carefully consulted the pharmacological data, he had no idea that at that moment Brian was in the reference room upstairs, frowning as he read through "Snow's girlfriend Cheryl's" records.
What surprised him was that Cheryl's information was too easy to look up -
The girl was actually a third-year medical department senior, and the Secretary-General of the Medical Department's Student Union. Her profile was directly linked to on the publicity page of the Medical Department's Student Union. He just had to click it to receive a very detailed introduction…
Cheryl, Beta Female, 20 years old, a third-year in
St. Romia
Military School's Medical Department, pharmaceutical major.
Born on planet Oman, her parents were both doctors, and her family background seemed to be very simple.
Cheryl was very beautiful, not a shy and sweet little sister-like beauty, but a dignified and sophisticated big sister-like beauty. Almost 173, a figure that made becoming a model a viable career, plus she had a cheerful personality, was well-spoken, and was very popular in the medical department. It was rumored that if all her pursuers queued up they would form a very long line.
- How many days has Snow known her for? Did he actually manage to capture the department's third year beauty?
That ice cold and unsmiling Snow, he definitely didn't seem the type to go around wooing girls! Certainly, that older sister must be some kind of
cradle robber
, and she's the one who chased after Snow, right?
It must be true!
Imagining Cheryl cornering Snow and confessing to him, Brian immediately clenched his teeth in hate!
Someone actually moved ahead of him? How unbearable!
Forcing himself to calm down, Brian returned to the dormitory.
He walked into the dormitory in time to meet Lin Yuan coming out of his bedroom after changing into casual clothes.
Puzzled, Brian asked: "You're going out now? It's so late."
Lin Yuan smiled and said: "Yeah, I signed up with Caesar for the mech competition next month, I'm heading to the mech training room for some drills."
No wonder Caesar mysteriously disappeared after dinner, he had an appointment to mech train with Lin Yuan. This was the first time Brian heard about them signing up for the Mech Competition. Seeing Lin Yuan practically bouncing with excitement, he waved and said, "Go on then, train hard, make sure you bring back that first place prize!"
"Will do!" Lin Yuan nodded and hurried out.
Now Brian stood alone in the empty dormitory.
Brian sat on the living room sofa and turned on the big screen TV to watch his soaps, but for some reason he couldn't get into the story he usually liked so much today. His brain was full of the scene of Cheryl holding Snow's arm.
Brian sat expressionlessly for a while, then poured himself a glass of cold water and gulped it down, but the cold water in his belly didn't do a thing to extinguish the fire in his heart, it just made Brian feel even more depressed.
I was too oblivious. When I saw Snow with his girlfriend, I finally realized that I liked him!
No wonder he'd felt so anxious when Snow fell sick that day, and felt so giddy with happiness when he'd carried him back home on his back, and after hearing that he had a girlfriend, he'd had insomnia for a whole night!
You obviously liked him right?! How do you only figure it out now?!
Brian scratched his head, annoyed. I'm even one step too late to confess, I'm such an idiot!
***
Some hours passed, and after about 10:30, the door was suddenly pushed opened.
Snow had returned from the library, but as soon as he walked through the door, he immediately felt that the atmosphere was a little bit wrong. Lin Yuan and Caesar's bedroom doors were both wide open, the two were clearly not in the dormitory. Only Brian was sitting on the living room sofa,
desperately drinking cold water
. The TV was still playing a boring melodramatic romance.
Snow nonchalantly glanced at him and headed towards his bedroom.
This blatant disregard finally thoroughly infuriated Brian. Brian immediately stood up from the sofa and followed Snow.
Snow walked into his room and was just about to close the door, when Brian suddenly reached out and blocked it.
…What is this, a
shadow
?
Snow frowned: "Brian, do you have something to say?"
Brian stared straight at him and asked, "That Cheryl, is she really your girlfriend?"
Snow nodded.
Brian asked, irritated: "You only met her a few days ago and you're already dating? Do you know her? Do you know what kind of person she is? What if you're completely incompatible?!"
Snow replied coolly: "She's cheerful and beautiful, what's wrong with me wanting to be with her? Whether or not we're incompatible, we can only know after being together, right?"
Brian: "…"
Brian was left dumbstruck by the two rhetorical questions.
Snow ignored Brian and turned into his room. He took off his jacket, preparing to take a shower.
Brian immediately followed him into the bedroom. "Do you really like her that much? Like her to the point of insisting you guys be together? Or say, did she actively pursue you, and you causally agreed cause you wanted to give it a try?"
Snow glanced at him with cold impatience: "Brian, are my private affairs any concern of yours? You're just my roommate, isn't this too much meddling?"
Brian hung his head and grumbled: "It is my concern."
"…?" Snow couldn't hear what he was muttering about, frowning, he said: "Leave already, I want to take a shower."
Brian suddenly looked up and grabbed Snow's wrist, shouting: "Your private affairs are my concern! I don't want you to be with someone else! Do you hear me? I like you!"
Snow turned back in shock. "What did you say…hey…"
The blond boy's handsome face was suddenly magnified in front of his eyes and his lips were warmed, he was being kissed by Brian.
"…" Snow immediately froze, wide eyed.
Brian's tongue nimbly pried opened Snow's jaw and directly plunged into Snow's mouth. As if to declare his possession, he unceremoniously attacked, one hand tightly holding Snow's wrist, the other hand immediately encircling Snow's slender waist, closing the distance between the two, and pulling Snow into his arms.
"Oh… hmm…"
Snow was completely caught off guard by the kiss!
When he could finally react, his mouth was full of Brian's taste!
Brian's possessive kiss was full of the rough and reckless passion of youth, but it was also very warm. The rich fragrance of an Alpha spread between lips and tongues, making Snow's body tremble involuntarily. His head suddenly blanked, his body felt a wave of weakness, and he lost his ability to resist almost instantly.
- Snow's unexpectedly not resisting? Awesome! Does this mean he also likes me?
Thinking of this, Brian deepened the kiss, his nimble tongue thoroughly plunging into the other boy's mouth, paying attention to every inch of Snow's mouth, slowly licking his teeth, and wrapping around Snow's tongue, kissing him deeply.
"Oh… um…"
The ambiguous sound of smacking lips made the entire bedroom seem especially quiet.
Snow's rapid breathing and slight trembling in his arms made Brian feel even more excited, and his body's pheromone also became more concentrated. He was almost instantly hard, if not for his last traces of rational restraint, he would've already pushed Snow onto the bed.
"Ah…"
Snow's eyelashes trembled incessantly, his slender fingers gripped Brian's clothes to support the weight of his body.
His whole body felt weak, being embraced really was too unbearable!
His condition had been very unstable these past few days. His Omega pheromone fluctuated restlessly. At this moment, being directly kissed and embraced by an Alpha, Snow's defenses almost instantly collapsed!
Brian was licking every inch of his mouth, he was filled with the Alpha's breath. The dreadful feeling of being eaten alive made Snow's scalp grow numb, and his back trembled with a subtle sense of trepidation. He even felt a desire to get closer growing in the bottom of his heart…
No, I can't let him kiss me like this…
"Ah… let go… let go of me…"
Snow resolutely pinched his palm to let himself recover some rationality, then clenched his fist and used all his strength to punch Brian's face!
"…" Brian was stunned by the attack, and finally released Snow.
When he first met Snow, Brian's left eye was the victim. This time, the victim was the right eye.
The two eyes were balanced.
Although he was punched again, Brian felt very happy this time.
Snow, whose whole body was weakened by the kiss, couldn't put much strength behind the punch. In Brian's eyes, it looked to be a reaction because of shy angry, his eye didn't even hurt. Looking at Snow's flushed red face, lips swollen by his kiss, and rapid panting, Brian felt very giddy with happiness.
Being beaten up, letting him vent his shyness, none of that mattered!
Brian boldly stepped forward and gently grabbed Snow's wrist, the other hand positioned over his heart, he said softly: "Snow, I like you, please don't stay with that upperclassman. Be with me… okay?"
Snow: "…"
Brian anxiously looked at Snow and said, "I'm serious. I pledge my heart and soul to you! I'll cook for you, wash your clothes, and make your bed. If you date me, I'll never let you regret it."
Snow: "…"
Are you confessing or selling merchandise?!
Also, cooking, washing clothes, making the bed… why are you describing yourself as a full-time housekeeper?
Snow looked up at Brian and met his sparkling eyes. He originally wanted to scold him for being so shameless, but when he met his expectant gaze, he couldn't open his mouth. Instead, he looked away awkwardly.
This guy's confession really was too embarrassing…
And Brian's manner of confession was so rotten…
But his kiss was really tender, and his eyes were also very sincere, obviously, his 'like' was serious.
Can… Can I believe him?
Brian was an Alpha, if he really did like him…if he suddenly entered estrus on school grounds in the future, but he had Brian around to mark him in time, wouldn't this be better?
Or he could let him mark him in advance, which would also help him avoid any troubles caused by estrus?
At the very least, being marked by someone who liked you was better than being marked by an unfamiliar Alpha.
And he could ask Brian to keep his secret for him.
If he really had to pick an Alpha in the school to mark him, Brian was undoubtedly the most suitable choice.
Although he was trying to think rationally about his current situation, when he thought about Brian possibly invading his body, entering that unspeakably private place, embracing, possessing, marking him, and even ejaculating in his body…
Snow's whole body stiffened, his hands and feet felt cold, he felt an intense desire to stab someone.
Taking a deep breath, Snow forced himself to calm down and raised his head, deliberately ignoring the discomfort of meeting Brian's shameless smile. Holding back the urge to punch him again, he asked in a neutral tone: "You really like me?"
Brian nodded enthusiastically, "Of course I do. You're my first love. You can ask Caesar if you don't believe me. I've never felt this way about anyone before, you're the first person I've ever liked."
Listening to his confession, Snow's heart felt even more uncomfortable.
- First love? What did that feel like? Not only was Snow completely clueless, he also didn't want to find out.
Although he thought that, looking at Brian's ingratiating smile… he didn't feel all that disgusted?
That was good, anyway, he had to find an Alpha to mark himself sooner or later, and if it's Brian, it'll be convenient to handle these matters in the dormitory.
Snow made up his mind and said dully: "Okay, let's try dating."
Brian: "……………"
Brian was speechless, even he didn't expect his confession to be successful on the first try. Then he ecstatically threw himself at Snow and tightly hugged him, "Good, great!"
Brian propped his chin on Snow's shoulder and lightly nuzzled him, like a big dog. He also softly confessed into his ear.
"I really like you…Snow…"
"…" Snow didn't know how to answer him, so he just remained rigid and silent. But Brian apparently had no intention of letting him go, his strong arms grew tighter and tighter, making it harder and harder for Snow to breathe.
After a long time, Snow finally took a deep breath and hesitatingly reached out to gently hug Brian's shoulder.
Brian immediately happily lifted Snow's chin and kissed him again. His tongue cleverly explored his mouth, the gentle kiss even carried a hint of imploration.
"…" Snow blushed, then tightened his arms around Brian's shoulders and began to respond timidly.
Brian, who finally got a response, became even more excited, and sucked and licked Snow's tongue more enthusiastically, drawing Snow closer into his arms.
Snow couldn't help but think in his heart: This Brian's just like a big dog, always eagerly following behind him. Such an Alpha was sticking to him, but he somehow didn't seem to find him as annoying as at first?
In Snow's impression, Alpha have always been disgusting beings, especially since many Alpha were chauvinistic and arrogant, and only viewed Omega as their sex playthings and tools for child bearing.
However, this Brian seems to be a little bit different?
Especially when he embraced him so gently and kissed him so desperately…
Snow was surprised to discover that he didn't feel sickened at all.
======================================================
Chapter 032: Prince Caesar's Predicament
Lin Yuan and Caesar were in the mech training room, continuing yesterday's attack strengthening exercises.
Strangely, although today's mech was also a white C-Class mech, this mech was not like White Feather, who'd turned into a virtual feather last night and came out to chat with Lin Yuan.
This mech's intelligence system was completely different. Most mechs were influenced by their master's personality, so it was baffling how White Feather didn't resemble Caesar in the slightest. Caesar was calm and collected, while White Feather was bubbly and chatty.
Today, the mech was very quiet, quiet enough to make people completely forget about it.
Lin Yuan couldn't help but feel suspicious, why did he feel that this mech was different?
After training for a while, Lin Yuan finally couldn't help but ask: "Caesar, why's White Feather so quiet today? It seems different from yesterday."
Caesar: "…"
In fact, this was a white mech Caesar specifically borrowed from the mech center after dinner, since it resembled White Feather. He'd thought he could hide it from Lin Yuan, but Lin Yuan unexpectedly felt something different about the mech as soon as he entered the cockpit.
White Feather's personality was too 'unique', even if you looked for a mech to replace it, the switch would immediately be discovered.
That guy was currently diligently guarding its predecessor Suzaku in the forest. Caesar had no choice but to make up an excuse: "I sent White Feather for a service checkup. A few of its parts were defective. I rented this mech from the school, let's use it today."
Lin Yuan nodded. "Oh, okay."
Either way, it was another C-Class mech, so the console was the same. Lin Yuan had no opinion on this.
It's just that this mech was too quiet. Lin Yuan suddenly missed the sound of White Feather chatting cheerfully.
The night of training was quickly completed with Caesar's help and guidance. Compared with yesterday, there was a little bit of progress. Lin Yuan returned to the dormitory with Caesar in a happy mood.
They found the living room well lit up after walking in, there was obviously someone else in the dormitory. Snow's bedroom door was wide open, smiling, Lin Yuan walked over and asked: "Snow, how come you came back so early today…"
Lin Yuan suddenly stopped, the scene in the bedroom stunning him.
Seeing Lin Yuan frozen in place, Caesar couldn't help but walk over and ask, "What's wrong?"
Looking into the bedroom, Caesar also froze in place.
- In the bedroom, Brian was holding Snow in his arms and kissing him passionately. Snow had his arms lightly wrapped around Brian's neck, his ears flushed red.
The two were engrossed in their make-out session. They didn't even notice their two dorm mates behind them, frozen like flagpoles.
Lin Yuan: "…"
Caesar: "…"
Lin Yuan was dumbstruck, watching the scene of the two people kissing, his mind was completely blank. On the other hand, Caesar quickly recovered, and after wordlessly closing the bedroom door, he turned around and dragged Lin Yuan away, who was still standing in a daze.
Since they'd undoubtedly become third wheels if they stayed in the dormitory, Caesar dragged Lin Yuan out the front door.
The two walked shoulder to shoulder along the school road, brushed by the late night wind. Lin Yuan finally shook himself awake and said, shocked: "Brian and Snow, were they just…" Kissing? He really couldn't speak the last word. Lin Yuan scratched his head, embarrassed, and looked back at Caesar.
Caesar said calmly: "Yeah, Brian probably likes Snow, and it looks like his confession was a success."
He'd long felt that Brian treated Snow differently, especially after seeing his reaction when he saw Snow and that girl today, Caesar vaguely guessed Brian's feelings towards Snow. He just never expected the usually lazy and careless Brian to confess so quickly, and actually win over Snow. The "girlfriend episode" must've really provoked him.
Lin Yuan was awkwardly silent for a moment before he whispered: "Cough, I know it's a private matter between the two of them, and I'm not qualified to get involved… But seeing two boys together, I always find it so strange…"
Caesar looked back at Lin Yuan and asked, "How is it strange?"
"…Ah?"
Caesar's counter-question stumped Lin Yuan.
How is it strange? Was it NOT strange for two boys to kiss?
Caesar smiled at Lin Yuan's perplexed expression and said: "Lin Yuan, these types of relationships are very normal. In our empire, the ratio of the three ABO sexes has long lost its balance. There are many Alpha and Beta male couples, in fact, according to last year's population statistics, Alpha/Beta male families make up more than 10% of households."
Lin Yuan: "…"
More than 10%? There are that many?
Caesar continued: "These marriages are not only allowed, they're protected by imperial law. Although the fertility rates of Betas are relatively low, if the Alpha's genes are strong enough, impregnating a Beta isn't that difficult."
Lin Yuan: "………"
Why did he get a strange feeling in his gut when he listened to Caesar speak about these things?
Although Caesar was correct, Alpha and Beta male marriages were indeed allowed, those were theoretical concepts. Lin Yuan has never seen those types of couples before. He'd lived on planet
Rayan
for as long as he could remember, those kinds of desolate planets had no Alphas or Omegas. Most families were composed of a Beta man and a Beta woman.
This kind of "male couple" scene, Lin Yuan has only ever seen it once on the space ship, and that moment was very shocking.
Now, personally witnessing his two roommates' kiss, that feeling of strangeness was simply indescribable.
How could embracing another boy be comfortable?
If Snow and Brian really got married, isn't Snow going to give birth to Brian's baby?
That's way too terrifying, right?!
Thinking of this, Lin Yuan unconsciously stopped walking. Scratching his head, he muttered: "Your argument makes sense, but I still find it weird. Isn't it more suitable for Beta boys to be with Beta girls?"
Snow was obviously a boy, why not go find a cute and beautiful girl? Getting together with an Alpha male, forget about being overpowered by another man, you even had to give birth to the other man's child, Lin Yuan completely couldn't understand Snow's thought process.
… What if he was in that situation? When he thought about being pushed down by another man, Lin Yuan couldn't help but want to use his fist to 'greet' them.
Caesar saw through Lin Yuan's thoughts and asked: "Lin Yuan, you've never liked another person, have you?"
Lin Yuan nodded, embarrassed: "Yeah."
Caesar said softly: "So you won't understand, falling in love can sometimes be out of your control. Whether the other person is a man or a woman, Alpha or Beta, when you like someone, you sometimes can't explain why you like them, but you also can't stop yourself. When you like someone, there's no direct relationship with their gender, do you understand?"
Caesar's tone sounded especially serious, Lin Yuan had no choice but to nod, although he still didn't understand,"…yeah."
Lin Yuan really couldn't get it.
How did it feel to like someone? Lin Yuan has never experienced this feeling in his eighteen years of life… Speaking of which, why did Caesar know so much? The way he explained it, it seems that he's personally experienced these emotions before?
Lin Yuan looked up at Caesar and asked somewhat doubtfully: "The way you talked, you seem to know a lot about this…could it be that you like someone?"
The boy's jet-black hair glowed under the street lamp's faint illumination. His confused expression as he reached up to scratch his head was so cute.
This inexperienced guy has obviously never been in love, he was unable to understand what it meant to like someone.
That's fine…
Maybe I can be his first love?
Caesar couldn't help but smile, and softly replied, "Yes, I have someone I like, but it's not convenient to tell him right now, because he doesn't feel that way about me, he only sees me as a friend."
Lin Yuan asked doubtfully: "Friends? Is the person you like one of our classmates?"
Caesar: "…"
- Idiot, the person I like is you ah, but I'm afraid of scaring you away, so I won't tell you right now.
Caesar was very aware of Lin Yuan's temperament. This guy appeared optimistic, cheerful and easy-going, but when matters of principle were involved, he wasn't very impartial. Once someone touched his bottom line, he would definitely use force to dispose of them. The way he wordlessly put those Alpha that tried to pick a fight with him in their place was proof enough.
They'll be attending the Mech Competition next month, they have to practice together every day for a few more weeks, and their relationship has been developing in a good direction recently. If Caesar suddenly laid all his cards on the table, their relationship would come to a standstill.
Just like a stew needed strict heat control in order to not boil over, Caesar has never been the type to rush head first into an unpredictable outcome, even when he was a child.
Although Caesar was envious of Brian's successful confession today, Lin Yuan was not Snow. Snow clearly already had the mental preparation to be with another man. Lin Yuan has never even considered being with another man. In Lin Yuan's mind, he should try to find a girlfriend, he would never treat a confession rationally.
There obviously was a long way to go before Lin Yuan was mentally prepared to accept a male partner.
However, Caesar was not in a hurry. He was only 18 years old after all, plus he was still a prince. He couldn't recklessly confess like Brian. If he was determined to be with Lin Yuan, he had to think about all the roadblocks he'd encounter in the future.
Lin Yuan was a Beta, this was one of them.
Lin Yuan's background was full of mysteries, this was another.
There was too much to consider when the marriage involved a prince. As the only Alpha son of His Majesty Trent, he was the default heir to the throne, his marriage might not even be his decision to make.
He liked Lin Yuan, he wanted to be with Lin Yuan.
However, he couldn't selfishly push the person he liked into the limelight. And he also wouldn't allow anyone to hurt the one he wanted to cherish and protect. Lin Yuan was so naïve, he couldn't be drawn into the royal family's political power struggle.
Caesar wouldn't reveal his feelings for Lin Yuan to anyone before he was sure of their future happiness.
If he rashly allowed people to find out that His Royal Highness was in love with a Beta, it would definitely cause unrest in the Imperial Parliament. One of the crazier members might even decide to arrest and lock Lin Yuan up, then force Caesar to marry a general's daughter or another suitable imperial consort.
As the empire's prince, Caesar had unparalleled noble status, but this noble identity also gave him a lot of pressure. Before taking the person he liked into the palace, he must first smooth out a path through the palace.
He didn't want to hurt his beloved.
Looking at Lin Yuan's curious expression, Caesar felt his heart soften, then he smiled and changed the topic: "Well, let's not worry about this matter right now. The most important thing for you now is to practice driving the mechs and concentrate on dealing with next month's competition."
Lin Yuan nodded earnestly. "Yes, I know."
When talking about mechs, Lin Yuan instantly became interested. "Oh right, I'm not sure I clearly remember the instructions for the three maneuvers we practiced today, can you explain them to me again?"
Caesar: "Sure, let's talk as we circle around."
The two continued to walk side by side along the school road.
It was very late at night, the abundant stars shone brightly in the night sky above, dotting the vast blue dome of heaven. The twinkling stars were like pairs of bright eyes, quietly overlooking the beautiful planet underfoot.
On the quiet school road, the two's footsteps echoed clearly, and the warm yellow street lights framed their bodies, dragging two long shadows along the ground. The two shadows were overlapped, moving side by side, like a couple walking while holding hands, on a simple road that seemed to stretch on for eternity.
Lin Yuan didn't notice this, but Caesar saw, and his heart was filled to the brim with pleasant emotions.
Right… he wanted an enduring relationship, not a flash in the pan.
He wanted to be with Lin Yuan, a faithful and devoted love.
If one day he became the empire's king, Lin Yuan would be his only queen.
Before that day, he couldn't feel anxious, he couldn't become rash. He had a lot of things to do, and there were many obstacles that needed to be cleared. He had to protect Lin Yuan first, then he could focus on convincing Lin Yuan to completely accept him and fall in love with him.
As long as he got the result he wanted in the end, a long wait was worth it.
The two of them walked side by side around campus while discussing mech operational skills.
On such a quiet night, walking with Caesar around campus and discussing topics he was interested in, Lin Yuan's mood was completely cheerful and relaxed. He didn't notice, he'd already pushed the promise he'd made to his mother before leaving home, to "keep your distance from those Alpha", completely to the back of his mind. Those thoughts were especially far away whenever he was together with Caesar, he'd even forgotten the fact that "Caesar is an Alpha."
To the current Lin Yuan, Caesar was a friend, a very good friend.
The alert mentality he first had around Caesar had completely disappeared.
***
The two strolled around until nearly twelve o'clock before returning to the dormitory. They entered the door just in time to see Brian coming out of Snow's room. Although one of Brian's eyes were swollen, his expression was happy and satisfied.
Lin Yuan caught sight of him and, remembering the intimate scene with Snow he'd witnessed earlier, quickly ran back to his bedroom, embarrassed.
Caesar looked at the stupid expression of his childhood friend, and couldn't help but say: "Brian, come with me for a moment."
Brian followed him, puzzled.
When they entered Caesar's bedroom, Caesar turned and closed the door. Brian walked over to the bedroom's small sofa and sat down, then looked up at Caesar. "What's up? I've already designed a plan to remodel Suzaku, I can get started tomorrow. "
Caesar said: "It's not about Suzaku, its Snow."
Brian froze, then smiled and scratched his golden head, saying contentedly, "I can't hide it from you, I confessed to Snow today. And he actually agreed to date me…"
Thinking of the sweet kiss that ended just a moment ago, Brian unexpectedly blushed.
Obviously, this youth's IQ and EQ, after experiencing his first kiss, had directly dropped down to negative values.
Kissing Snow felt even better than in his imagination. Snow's soft lips and the cool taste of Snow's mouth made Brian lose his senses, he'd never grow tired of kissing him…
Caesar looked at his blushing friend, and couldn't help but feel tangled.
In fact, Caesar didn't have any evidence to decide whether or not Snow was actually an Omega, but the occasional pheromone he sensed made him doubt Snow's identity. Brian was now dating Snow, and this should be considered Snow's private business. Without any evidence, and as Brian's friend, Caesar couldn't just carelessly bring it up.
Caesar thought about it, then asked: "Brian, are you serious about him?"
Brian grinned and rubbed his chin, "Of course, you think I look like some kind of half-hearted playboy?"
… …that cocky expression really incites people to violence.
Caesar was silent for a moment before saying in a serious tone: "Don't forget, you're the only son of General Bayh. If you want to be with him, you have to think of a way to get your father's approval. Of course, if you're just playing around then forget I said anything."
Brian hastily said: "Of course not, I'm absolutely serious about Snow. I've never liked another person so much. I want to be with him, I want to always stay with him, can't you understand?"
Caesar: "…"
Caesar certainly understood, because he'd also met the one person he wanted to always be with and protect.
He wanted to be with Lin Yuan. He wanted to always protect Lin Yuan. He wanted to see Lin Yuan every day. As long as he saw Lin Yuan's bright smile, his heart was filled with warmth.
Caesar couldn't understand before, but after meeting Lin Yuan, he absolutely understood.
He knew how it felt to like someone.
When you liked someone, selfishly holding onto them wasn't enough, their happiness was even more important. As a friend, Caesar naturally hoped that Brian and Snow could be together with trouble, but Snow's mysterious identity still made Caesar feel uneasy. He wanted to find out Brian's true feelings, so if something happened in the future, he could lend a hand.
Brian smiled and said: "I know why you're worried. I know about my family's situation. Although I'm an only child, the Bayh clan has a lot of children. I have more cousins than I can count, I don't have to worry about carrying on the bloodline or anything like that."
Brian paused then continued, "As long as I insist on being with Snow, my dad and grandfather definitely won't object. As for my father, he might have a powerful presence outside, but at home, he's really afraid of my dad. If my dad supports me, he won't complain about it."
Brian's biological dad, Berg Watson, was an Omega male with royal blood, and Caesar's 1st cousin. He looked very gentle and kind, but his personality was very strong. He had his own opinions on the mech manufacturing field, so he was quite respected by Brian's grandfather, Mr. Aston. In Brian's home, the powerful General Bayh ​​was actually the one with the least say.
In the military, there were always whispered rumors that General Bayh ​​was whipped, henpecked, etc. Brian had apparently inherited his father's "qualities". When he followed Snow around, he resembled a big ol' loyal dog.
Knowing his dad's, Berg's, personality, he should like the cultured Snow for a son-in-law, right?
Seeing Brian's confidence, Caesar felt a little relieved. He smiled and clapped his friend's shoulder, "Since you've made up your mind, you should stick to Snow. If you really get married in the future, don't forget to invite me to the reception."
Brian grinned: "Don't worry, I'll invite you as my honored guest when I get married. Having His Royal Highness the Prince personally congratulate me is the highest honor." The more he imagined it, the more excited Brian felt, "I definitely have to get married to Snow in mech suits. Okay, I'll handcraft an S-Class mech for Snow! Snow's name… snow…I think I'll make him a mech called Little Snow. What do you think?"
Caesar: "… …"
Brian's naming sense really was incomprehensible.
And he was getting way ahead of himself.
You've been dating for a day, why are you already planning the wedding ceremony? Even thinking about the name for the mechs?
This was definitely a residual effect from watching too many soap operas.
Caesar said helplessly: "…Sounds good. Go to bed now, you can continue planning it out in your dreams, good night."
Then he drove the blissful faced Brian out of his room.
While he washed up, Caesar, who was influenced by Brian's ramblings, couldn't help but imagine his own wedding.
He'd been to a few royal weddings. When his older sister got married, her husband-to-be sent an escort for her. Innumerable honor guards had surrounded the imperial palace, and the various ceremonies looked very complicated.
He'd also have to follow the royal family's ceremonies when he got married in the future. On the surface it looked extremely luxurious, but in reality it was extremely boring. Especially the so-called imperial palace banquet, standing there all night to accept everyone's congratulations, you'd lose all feelings in your legs.
… Lin Yuan would definitely feel annoyed.
Should he appeal to his father to improve the royal wedding ceremony?
Lin Yuan, who was taking a shower next door, didn't know that he was currently trying on ceremonial wedding attires in his roommate's imagination.
========================================
Chapter 033: Reemergence of the Black Dragon
When Brian returned to his bedroom, he began to sketch out the design of a mech, and suddenly there was a flash of inspiration in his mind—he wanted to make a
healer-type mech
for Snow.
(
TN
: I don't really know what kind of mech this is, but three different websites translated it as 'Therapeutic', I decided to just go with 'healer' as a more general term for it.)
The more Brian thought about it, the more excited he was, the inspiration in his mind was flowing like a spring, the shape of the mech armor was gradually forming in his mind and the first draft of the design was quickly drawn. He hasn't felt such an intensive burst of inspiration for a long time. The last time was when he first made Little Blue, now, it was that same feeling of inspiration that sparked into excitement and an irrefutable impulse to begin building it right away.
After he finished drawing the design, Brian looked at the silver humanoid 3D model of the mech in the optical projection. He thought about Snow's height and made some minor adjustments to reduce the height and size of the armor. Now, Snow will be able to move freely to his heart's content.
Taking into account the adjusted size of the mech, Brian carefully gauged the materials required to build it. In Little Blue's body, there is a storage space fitted with an abundance of materials and parts needed to make a mech, but the parts needed to build a healer-type mech were particularly specific, and the preexisting parts that Brian had before leaving home weren't going to cut it.
After giving it a thought, Brian connected to his home communication device.
Ten seconds later, in the Cepheus Star Constellation, the communicator to the Bayh household was connected.
The projection screen lit up and a simple and cozy room materialized. The face of a refined man dressed in proper nightclothes was sat upright in bed. The man took a quick glance at Brian and asked, "Brian, what's got you up so late?"
Brian gave a beaming smile: "Dad, you have been in good health, yeah? I've heard that the weather has started getting colder in the capital star ... "
Berg interrupted him: "Don't beat around the bush alright? What's been causing you problems at school?"
Brian: "......"
In his Dad's heart, he had already begun to imagine the worst-case scenarios.
Brian slyly touched his nose and said innocently: "I'm not in any trouble. Actually, I need your help to send some things over. I need some A-level parts. The parts on
Po Military Star
aren't good enough, I can't buy any high-quality parts here. Buying online is also no less troublesome. Anyways, Grandfather's storage room has a whole bunch of parts. I've sent the list over. Would you send me a follow-up another time? Oh! That's right... By the way, as long as it's no trouble, send me the original designs for the
Vermillion Bird
!"
(
TN
: I don't remember what the last translator translated this as, but apparently it's a star? This is the planet that the military school is on. However, I couldn't find a proper translation since it was only giving me things like 'Broken Military Star' so I kept it in Pinyin. If I go back and find what the previous translator translated it as I'll change it.)
(
Another TN
: The previous translator translated the mech Ling Yu (Lin Yuan's dad) used as 'Suzaku'. In the raws, it is Zhū Què, named after one of the 4 symbols of the Chinese Constellations. Suzaku is the same thing, just in Japanese. However, since the rest of the mechs had been translated into English, I decided to do the same for Suzaku and go with its English name of Vermillion Bird.)
Berg's face wrinkled as a slight frown appeared on his face, "I can send you the parts. But what do you want to do with the Vermillion Bird's design?"
Brian spoke with a smile on his face: " I want to study the manufacturing principle of an S-class machine! "
Berg coldly glanced at Brian. " Your current level is already pretty good for C-level. Do you really want to study S-level?
Brian, who was slighted by his father, smiled with a thick face: "This just proves that your son has great ambition! My ultimate goal is to create an S-class mech just like Grandpa! You should just give me the diagrams for the Vermillion Bird already, I know that the drawings are in your hands, allow me to accomplish this dream of mine, can't you let me study it?"
After a moment of silence, Berg, seeing no other option grudgingly nodded and said, "Alright then."
Brian immediately laughed. "That's great! Oh, yes...
Father
, is he not home?"
(
TN
: He is referring to his other dad.)
Berg faintly smiled and said: "Your father set off to the Po Military Star two days ago."
Brian was suspicious: "What is he doing here?"
Berg said: "Supervising this month's military exercises, and he will represent the military department to inspect your school. You'd better behave. Don't cause your father to lose face."
Brian hurriedly stood to attention and honored his Dad with a standard military salute: "I will do as you say!"
Berg merely glanced at this stupid son of his and immediately shut off the communicator.
The content of the next day's military training is a standard shooting training. This training focuses on fast-paced response-ability. There will be 1-10 targets in the shooting range that will appear simultaneously. It is necessary to shoot down the target quickly in the specified time to complete the task. Caesar and Brian have a one-time pass out of this test. After the two met at the entrance of the shooting gallery, the two of them started moving towards Sherman Forest.
In Little Blue's cockpit, Brian gingerly took out the demotion plans for the Vermillion Bird so that Caesar could look it over.
Caesar looked carefully and asked: "This plan has no problems right?"
Brian spoke with high confidence: "Rest assured! My dad gave the original design of the Vermillion Bird to me this morning. I have studied it all thoroughly and modified it to fit this new plan. In accordance with my research, the chance of something going wrong during the conversion to a C-level is fairly low."
Caesar nodded with reassured confidence.
Brian inherited the genius of his grandfather and his father, he is truly very talented in the field of building mechs. Caesar believes wholeheartedly in the skillset of his close friend, otherwise, he would not dare to rashly agree to Vermillion Bird's request.
The two people were chatting when Little Blue's communication device suddenly turned on. "Master, White Feather sent out a communication request."
Brian was startled for a bit before he immediately connected to the communicator.
Almost at the same time from both sides of his ears, the sound of White Feather hopping nervously about is heard: "Master! Master! Someone is coming to the forest! Ah! Ah! It is a legion! The Hydra Legion! I have detected the Vanguard Unit of the Hydra Legion! They're heading this way as we speak, the main forces and the command carrier should also be behind us! What should I do? Should I immediately take Predecessor Vermillion Bird and run away?"
"......" Brian and Caesar turned face to face and stared at each other.
Caesar was puzzled: "Hydra Legion? Is your father on Po Military Star?"
Brian nodded his head. "Yes. Two days ago, he set off to take the Hydra Legion to the Po Military Star in order to supervise the upcoming military exercise... The Hydra Legion is most likely just patrolling the exercise site, and just happened to be passing by Sherman Forest?"
Caesar was silent for a moment, and he turned around and ordered: "White Feather, initiate all anti-detection systems, try to hide as best as you can, don't let them find you. Don't leave or act rashly, we will come over immediately!"
White Feather hurriedly and nervously said: "OK Master!"
Brian immediately adjusted the speed of Little Blue to the maximum, and the two men rushed toward Sherman Forest in the fastest direction!
***
The plain-looking man's attire was a green, creaseless, military uniform, it gave his tall build an undeniable air of strength. On the opening of his chest was an emblem fit with a hovering serpentine pattern, and on the top of his shoulders, he had four gleaming gold stars - this is one of the five four-star generals in the Empire, the head of the Hydra Legion, and Brian's father, General Drew Bayh.
Drew pulled out the 3D diagram of the entire Po star, pointing to a marked range, he softly spoke: "This military exercise is divided into three parts: grounded ambush, air combat support, emergency withdrawal. Of the three exercises, the grounded ambush is set to be located in Sherman Forest. The terrain of Sherman Forest is complex and varied. As the location for the ambush exercise, it just so happens that we can test the function of the newly developed snake-shaped mech."
Drew paused and looked towards the body of the man beside him seeking input.
The man standing to his side was the same height as him. He wears a neat black military uniform and the five gold stars placed side-by-side on his shoulders showcase his noble identity in the military. The man's handsome and indifferent face still has no expression. He calmly glanced at the topographic map in front of him and nodded faintly, saying, "You decide."
Drew smiled and let out a laugh as he said: "Since the Marshal personally came to Po Military Star, wouldn't it be better to watch the upcoming military exercise together?"
Rosen said: "No need, I believe you can command well... Besides, I came here for some personal matters."
Rosen had left the Glory Legion in the constellation of Cepheus, and tagged along with General Bayh, indeed for a private matter - Vermillion Bird had fled the museum.
He had been around Ling Yu for many years and had developed a long friendship, and his feelings for Vermillion Bird reflect that close sentiment. As Ling Yu's respected mech and partner, he regards Vermillion Bird with the same care and affection he had felt towards Ling Yu.
In the several years of fighting the hostile forces of the Strain Federation, the battles had reached their peak intensity after a very long time of fighting. The Secret Night Legion, as the strongest assault campaigning force in the empire, had been fighting against the enemy forces of the Strain Federation on the front line, although despite their outstanding military service and brilliance, they had also suffered heavy casualties.
The one to accompany Ling Yu at his side the longest was his mech, Vermillion Bird.
The Vermillion Bird had multiple previous instances of saving Ling Yu from countless dangerous and risky situations.
To Ling Yu, Vermillion Bird had an especially great significance. Vermillion Bird was not just a mech to him, but his dearest partner and friend. He greatly enjoyed staying with the Vermillion Bird and would always talk to the Vermillion Bird about his worries. Every time he chatted with Vermillion Bird, his face was always relaxed and purely happy.
In his heart... Perhaps the Vermillion Bird may have been more important than even himself?
During the time when he was arrested by the military, he specifically requested to bid farewell to Vermillion Bird... but he did not come to say goodbye to
himself.
(
TN
: Rosen is referring to himself.)
Because of Ling Yu's crimes, the Vermillion Bird was implicated and sentenced to life imprisonment in captivity by the Mech Association.
If Vermillion Bird wanted to escape, any ordinary mech would be helpless to stop it. At that time, in order to arrest Vermillion Bird, the military used two S-class mechs - the Glory and the Phantom. These two S-class mechs joined hands to pursue and attack the Vermillion Bird. In the end, they successfully subdued it and were able to forcibly strip all of the energy from the Vermillion Bird and imprison it in the hidden room in the museum.
Towards these actions, Rosen had already filed a complaint against the ruling. However, at the time, he was only an ordinary general. Additionally, the Glory Legion at the time was only a second-grade support legion, and his personality was cold and unsociable. Despite his outstanding and celebrated military service, he had very few friends in the military. To make matters worse, the relationship between the military and military courts were just as terrible.
There was no way to protect his own omega, which is the greatest shame for an alpha. But more importantly, there was no way to protect Ling Yu, which was an even greater unspeakable anguish for Rosen.
Later on, Ling Yu had driven the Black Dragon which was then subsequently buried in the interstellar ruins. Rosen was disheartened bringing the Black Dragon's fragments and Ling Yu's personal belongings back to lay at the foot of the monument. In turn, he never visited the Vermillion Bird again.
He didn't properly protect its master. He didn't know how to tell it the cruel news that "Ling Yu had already passed away."
19 years had already gone by. It was completely outside of anyone's expectations for the Vermillion Bird to suddenly escape and even crash into the Burleigh Canyon.
Rosen's shock when he heard this news was simply indescribable.
There was barely an inkling of hesitation for him to ask the military to give him a few days off and then personally rush off to the Po Military Star to see what happened for himself.
Before Rosen left the constellation of Cepheus, he brought out the replica of the Black Dragon from the Mech Association.
Contrary to what many may think, the outer shell of the armor is not the most difficult part to assemble, the most difficult part is the intelligence center, especially the intelligence center of a class A or above. It is very troublesome to develop, so the method of copying and backing it up is widely spread among the military.
Ling Yu adamantly disagreed with this practice. He believed that since mech are given intelligence and possess IQ, they should be respected as such by human beings. Copying the intelligence center of a mech and just re-creating a new one after the armor is destroyed is just as ridiculous as picking up someone's genes and re-copying a living person after their death.
These sorts of remarks made by Ling Yu have long since been met with ridicule by many people in the Mech Association. Some people even said that his brain is faulty. The mechs are just a hunk of metal and data. Does it really need human respect? Is he crazy?
No matter how harshly he was ridiculed by others, Ling Yu has always insisted on adhering to his own opinion no matter what.
He did not leave a smart copy of the Vermillion Bird, because, in his heart, the original Vermillion Bird would be the only true one.
Perhaps in return for its master's trust and respect, among all of the S-class mechs, the Vermillion Bird is the most loyal and powerful one. When attacking the enemy, it was unstoppable. The imposing bright red color plastered on the outer layer even made a great number of people tremble whenever it came into view.
Back in the days when it fled, the military dispatched the Glory and the Phantom together to pursue and capture it into submission. During this, it could be clearly seen how independent and valiant the Vermillion Bird's spirituality was under the influence of Ling Yu.
Although Rosen had left the Black Dragon's replica in the Mech Association according to the regulations, in his heart he was actually supportive of Ling Yu's ideology.
After Ling Yu and the Black Dragon had been buried together in the interstellar ruins, Rosen had never once thought about resurrecting the Black Dragon in the past. In his heart, both the Black Dragon along with Ling Yu had departed the world.
He never would have thought, now for the Vermillion Bird... He had no choice but to violate the oath he had made in his heart and resurrect the replica of the Black Dragon.
Between the Black Dragon and the Vermillion Bird, they share a special bond as S-class mechs that can sense one another.
Thinking of the past, Rosen couldn't help but feel a sharp pain from the bottom of his heart, his brow faintly creased.
Drew saw that his look was pained. He immediately stopped talking about the military exercise and made a hand gesture to order his subordinates in the command room to leave. He then whispered: "You've come here for that Vermillion Bird thing?"
Rosen nodded. "Well, I want to see where the Vermillion Bird crashed."
Upon his wrist is a black space button fit with the brand-new S-Class mech, after Rosen brought out the Black Dragon's copy, Mr. Aston and a few assistants worked through the night to follow the previous design and model of the Black Dragon. A brand new mech was assembled, and the Black Dragon's smart hub was put into the new mech carrier.
This Black Dragon looks like it had been completely reborn and resurrected, compared to the old Black Dragon, the two were carbon copies of one another.
After a moment of silence, Drew said: "In a minute, you can reach the Sherman Forest. I will let the Vanguard of the Hydra Legion go to the forest to find a path first."
Rosen nodded. "Halt the Hydra command ship for a bit. I will take the Black Dragon to the Burleigh Canyon to take a look around."
Drew immediately ordered the Hydra command ship to suspend in the mid-air and open the hatch in the hold of the ship.
Rosen brought out the Black Dragon and left by himself.
The Black Dragon was seen plunging down from the sky, breaking through the vast layers of clouds, the huge, purely black armor was whirling through the air and covered the sky as if it was a full black cloud, it's mere presence caused a sense of intense pressure to fall upon the area. The ice-cold stream of air spurred on by the mech caused a tremendous tornado to form between the heavens and the earth. The birds and beasts in the surrounding area were alarmed by the major disturbance and scrambled to hide. The places where the Black Dragon flew past was like a raging storm!
***
After talking to itself for a while, it realized that to its side, the Vermillion Bird was still in a shutdown state, and White Feather began to feel somewhat hopeless. It gently and cautiously used its large white wings to carefully protect the Vermillion Bird from sight, it then opened the anti-detection system throughout the entirety of its body, and re-established connection to Little Blue's communication instrument.
"Master! Master! Master!"
Once again, Caesar, who heard the similar panicked sound of White Feathers voice jumping around, couldn't help but frown. "What happened this time?"
White Feather said vigorously: "I seem to have sensed that the Black Dragon! Is the Marshal also coming here? And wasn't the Black Dragon heroically sacrificed years ago? Why did it suddenly appear here?"
Caesar was shocked and said: "Black Dragon? Are you sure you saw it correctly?"
White Feather immediately replied with conviction: "Yes, there's no mistake! We are the mechs created specially by Mr. Aston. The principle of our systems is the same. There will be a reaction between all of us when the detection system is opened. It's too unfortunate! With the detection system on, I can sense it. But, once it opens the detection system, it will definitely sense me!"
Caesar glanced at Brian.
Brian nodded: "The mechs made by Grandpa do indeed have this kind of detection and sensing system. The Lion King, the Black Dragon, the Vermillion Bird, and the White Feather can sense each other's existence through this system. Even if the anti-detection system is activated, they won't be able to escape the detection of the other party. These four mechs sense each other and restrain each other, there is not much worth in seeing them fight."
Brian paused and said thoughtfully: "If Small White Feather really senses the existence of the Black Dragon, there is only one possibility - the Marshal also came and summoned the Black Dragon. Although the Black Dragon was sacrificed 19 years ago, its replica remains in the Mech Association. Perhaps it was because the Marshal was suspicious about the crashing of the Vermillion Bird that he awakened the replica of the Black Dragon?"
Caesar: "......"
Damn it! Hiding the Vermillion Bird in the Sherman Forest was a huge mistake!
Who would have thought that in order to supervise the military exercises, the Hydra Legion would pass right through such a remote area like Sherman Forest? Even more so, who would even dare think that not only has the Marshal come but he also brought the Black Dragon that was resurrected?!
Between Black Dragon, White Feather, and Vermillion Bird, there is even a shared sense between these first-rate mechs!
Caesar took a deep breath and calmed himself down. He turned back to White Feather and said: "White Feather, don't be nervous, even if Black Dragon really found you, with the Marshal's temperament he will not open fire! You must protect the Vermillion Bird, we'll be there soon!"
White Feather quickly replied: "Yes! Master! Rest assured! I will definitely protect Predecessor Vermillion Bird! In order to protect Predecessor Vermillion Bird, I will not hesitate to pay with my life, I will not hesitate..."
White Feather began to recite from memory the lines of a soap opera, and Caesar quickly shut down the communication device.
***
High up in the air, the pale golden pupils of the Black Dragon suddenly flashed gently, and the mechanized voice reverberated cooly inside the cockpit: "Master, an S-Class mech has been detected up ahead - White Feather - Target Position: Sherman Forest 172.63.18."
Rosen frowned slightly, "White Feather? What is Caesar doing in there?"Black Dragon asked: "Do we need to go down?"
Rosen was silent for a moment. "Go to the Burleigh Canyon first and take a look at the place where the Vermillion Bird crashed."
"Understood."
The Black Dragon promptly sprang up and quickly flew to the direction of the Burleigh Canyon faster than the speed of light. From below, it was like a large expanse of a black cloud suddenly began hovering overhead, driving blasts of cold air and leaving a frightening pressure in its stead so terrifying that one would simply be unable to breathe.
The Black Dragon swooped downwards, taking Rosen directly to the bottom of Burleigh Canyon.
Many of the canyon's trees and rocks were heavily damaged and displaced. Obviously, two days ago, the Vermillion Bird slammed into the edge of the canyon when it fell, causing a large number of huge stones to fall to the canyon floor.
The bottom of the entire canyon was buried by a large number of rocks, but some small traces of red mech armor could vaguely be made out in the piles of stone.
Rosen softly ordered, "Black Dragon, clear up that pile of rocks!"
"Understood!"
Like before, it was a simple, one-word reply. Then, the Black Dragon immediately flew toward the mound of rocks. The long and solid tail swished in the air before in one solid movement swept across the mound of rocks, a majority of the stones were directly sent flying away particularly hard. One rock was even splintered off into pieces by it!
At the bottom of the canyon, there was dust floating in the air as far as the eye could see. The Black Dragon immediately took Rosen away from the shock of dust and the shards of rock and hovered over by the cliffs of the canyon.
After a while, the airborne dust finally settled on the ground, and their field of vision in front of them gradually became clear and open--
Finally, they were able to see what was under the freshly swept mound of rocks. There was a large number of red metal fragments that were buried, and now the red metal fragments gave off an illuminating glow and had a dazzling luster under the sunlight.
Rosen glanced over the debris on the ground, and said coldly: "This is not the Vermillion Bird."
- He saw through the guise with a mere glance.
The red mech fragments littered around the bottom of the canyon were just a slightly different color than the Vermillion Bird. Vermillion Bird's red is not the most commonly seen red, but a darker, deeper kind of crimson That deep shade of red didn't usually look all that dazzling under normal circumstances, but under the light, it looks as if the mech is being bathed in an ethereal blaze of fire.
He has known Ling Yu for many years, and he was just as familiar with Ling Yu's mech as his own mech.
Rosen looked at the red armor fragments, scowling slightly, and said coldly: "Vermillion Bird did not crash, Caesar is clearly lying - immediately go up to Sherman Forest, I need to check this out, What the hell is Caesar doing?!"
Although it was just a faint memory in his childhood, with the familiarity shared between Vermillion Bird and Ling Yu, there is no possibility of it mistaking him! That person was definitely the general. If Lin Yuan is the son of General Ling Yu, then he is likely to be an omega like the General!
Vermillion Bird had chosen to demote itself in order to avoid the Mech Association's investigation and to stay at Lin Yuan's side. In addition to trying to secretly help out the little Master, the larger objective is to follow Lin Yuan and find out the whereabouts of General Ling Yu.
***
At the school, Lin Yuan, who was currently doing shooting practice, was completely oblivious about this major event.
Lin Yuan successfully passed the shooting reaction training and finished up when it was almost dinner time, after dinner, he went back to the rooms to take a bath and put on clean clothes. He quickly sent a message to Caesar -
"Caesar, are you going to the training room tonight?"
Caesar quickly replied: "Yes, I am already in the training room, come over now."
"Okay, I am coming soon!"
Lin Yuan immediately changed from walking to jogging and ran to the mech training room rented out by Caesar as fast as possible.
When he opened the door, he noticed right away that something was wrong. The wide training room was empty, except for the white mech used by Caesar in the training session last night, and strangely enough, it was standing next to an unfamiliar black mech.
The metal on the black mech has a strange luster under the light and the smooth shape of the humanoid armor makes its arms and legs look particularly powerful. Its face is sharp and cut like a handsome knight. Then, the gleaming pair of golden eyes suddenly flashed!
Although it is the same size as the white mech, for some reason, the black mech standing quietly to the side seems to give a strange feeling of... oppression.
Lin Yuan looked at Caesar with a puzzled look: "Caesar, have you rented two mechs today?"
"..." Caesar was silent for a moment before he went up and spoke in Lin Yuan's ear and said softly: "I didn't rent the black one for myself, someone else is driving. He heard that you signed up for the competition and he wants to compete against you. "
Lin Yuan immediately became excited," Really? That's great! I also want to compete against someone!"
True to his word, Lin Yuan took the initiative to walk in front of the black mech and looked up at it. He smiled and waved towards it. "Hey, hello! Can you get out of the cockpit? My name is Lin Yuan, I'm a new year one student in the command department. What's your name? Did you buy this mech yourself or was it rented from the school?"
Caesar: "......"
Not one soul in the entire empire has never dared to speak to the Marshal like this......
Caesar couldn't help but look back at the black mech.
At this moment, Rosen, sitting in the cockpit, suddenly felt the whole world come to a screeching halt.
Black short hair, clear and bright eyes, lips stretched out in a bright smile, such a frightening similarity...
Ling Yu...
In front of his eyes, fragments of broken memories were flashing by of him practicing with Ling Yu in a mech training room many years ago. The teenager in front of him is just like the Ling Yu of the student days. However, the boy's face had a bright and clear smile. He rarely laughed like this.
The child's eyes... looks exactly like his...
When that pair of sparkling eyes were serious, it was like the brightest and most eye-catching star in the dark...
Rosen takes a deep breath, gently closes his eyes and drives away the chaotic thoughts that suddenly entered in his mind, By operating the Black Dragon that had became the black C-class mech, he made a gesture of invitation to challenge Lin Yuan.
Lin Yuan snorted and gave a bright smile. He said: "You are really straight-forward! Well, come and learn!"
After saying that, he simply jumped into the cockpit of the white mech and started it up.
The two mechs quickly settled into the battle ready position. As for a scoring system, Caesar himself had to press the buttons in the training room to score manually.
Lin Yuan saw the start of the scoring, and immediately pulled out the electromagnetic sword on his back and attacked the other side directly!
The author has something to say:
(TN: I will be translating the author notes if they do a small theatre or something relating to the plot.)
I see a lot of people discussing mech ships, cough, cough, what about your exercise? Quickly get up ~~~
(TN: I guess she's saying that they have better things to be doing instead of talking about mech ships lol.)
Come to a small theater -
Vermillion Bird: ...long time no see.
Black Dragon: ...I haven't seen you for a long time.
Vermillion Bird: What have you been doing for the past few years?
Black Dragon: I've been staying in the Mech Association. What about you?
Vermillion Bird: I've been staying in the museum.
White Feather: I have been staying with the little prince for a few years!
No one cares about White Feather for a long time.
White Feather: Predecessor Vermillion Bird, look at me! Look at me! Look at me! Why do you ignore me whenever Black Dragon comes out? Predecessor? I am here for the Predecessors! Don't be afraid, I will protect you! (waving white wings and looking around)
Vermillion Bird looked at White Feather and then... the firepower system started, and the light cannon was launched! Boom!
White Feather...shoulder. Rich Chinese
Chapter 035: The Mysterious Opponent
There are three weak points on the humanoid mech.
The first weakness is the abdomen, which is the source of power for the human armor. The energy that powers the mech is stored here, but the position of the abdomen is generally given special attention by the pilot, which makes it difficult to attack and sneak attack.
The second weakness is the chest. This is where the cockpit is located. Its importance is fairly obvious. It is also due to the importance of the cockpit, that the shields surrounding the cockpit are generally the thickest. The shield of the chest is made up of two hard and thick alloy metals. It is not advisable to directly attack it.
The third weakness is the neck. There are many wires that control the body of the mech. Just by cutting off or damaging the wires can cause major damage- the body directly loses control!
Lin Yuan registered as
Yuan-Yuan
on his account from the age of ten. After playing around with mech battle simulations on the Internet for a few years, since the accumulated points from winning hadn't been enough, he began operating humanoid mechs on the online battle area. He was the most skilled at the humanoid mech, pulling out the electromagnetic blade, he aimed to slash directly at his opponent's neck. This was his most commonly used opening move during battle.
(
TN
: Again, don't remember what the previous translator translated this as, but the two characters mean something like round or circle. I just left it in pinyin. It's on the online mech fighting game he plays if you recall, he and Caesar play on it together, but he doesn't know it's Caesar lol.)
The sword swiftly flew down. It is said that when the fighting spirit reaches its full potential, the resulting grandeur shines brightly like a rainbow- if the brightly flashing electromagnetic sword successfully cuts the throat of the other party, it will certainly directly sever the main wire!
Rosen indifferently glanced at the screen in front of him, his face still had no expression. His slender and powerful fingers quickly pressed a few commands and buttons on his console, only for the black mech to simply raise its arm and accurately cut the edge of Lin Yuan's blade in half!
A harsh "Clang" reverberated through the room. The fierce impact in the air had caused a rain of dazzling sparks to burst out!
Lin Yuan did not expect his opponent would dare to use his arm to block!
There is indeed a shield on the arm of the mech that is harder than the protective metal on the chest. The electromagnetic sword can't break it through at all. However, Lin Yuan's shooting speed is already rather fast. To make this attack accurately in such an urgent situation, the shield would have to be perfectly aligned with the blade and that obviously requires a very accurate predictive ability!
- That's right, it is a predicted response!
At the moment of his own attack, he had even predicted the final movement of the electromagnetic sword!
- This here is definitely a rare master!
Lin Yuan's heart trembled and he immediately raised his vigilance. Taking advantage of the other side's weakness of their outstretched his arm, he did not hesitate to open the light-energy bomb launcher and aimed it right at the other's abdomen!
At such a close distance, the light can clearly hit the center...
It's amazing that the pilot of the other side seems to see right through his own ploy again. Almost at the exact moment, he had started the light bomb, the opponent immediately enacted a side turn and jump and moved directly behind him. He suddenly pulled out the weapon on his back - his hand fell off the sword, and the sword fell down. The wire of the white mech was precisely severed!
The flickering "End of Battle" banner pops up on the screen... It only took less than thirty seconds to lose.
Lin Yuan was sitting dazedly in the cockpit, he didn't react at all. What had even happened?
His movements were way too fast...
Also his dead-center accuracy and the frightening predictive abilities...
The split second it takes you to think of making a move, he would have already guessed what you were going to do, calculated the final placement of the action, and planned the counterattack all in advance. When you are eager to think that you can strike with one hand, he has already been strategizing, avoiding your attack, and immediately catching onto your thought process to give a fatal counterattack!
- Only the top players have the ability to let the other party fear the loss of fighting spirit!
Lin Yuan was even unable to see how he had gotten behind him.
Before the armor of his own machine could be activated, the wire in his neck had already been chopped off.
This person is far too powerful, he was definitely not at a beginners level, while facing off against him, there was almost no chance of winning.
Fortunately, this was just a simulation training room. It's inevitable to come across injuries and deaths during a simulation. The rules of the simulation battle here are fairly similar to the one on the online arena. It simulates a virtual environment and images to play against. The actual mech and the pilot will not be hurt.
Otherwise, if it was on a real battlefield, with the sword cut down... A real person would no longer be alive, right?
Lin Yuan was frozen in place for a while, but then he heard a cold and faint voice enter his ear -
"At your level, do you still want to participate in the Mech Contest?"
The voice that transmitted through the communicator of the mech, was extremely low and the cold tone held no emotions. It reverberated throughout empty room. However, to Lin Yuan's ears, such mockery would only deepen his resolve
Lin Yuan took a deep, calming breath and said with absolute confidence: "Come again!"
Lin Yuan, rushed forward with the sword again, this time, even the opponent's side was not grazed. The strike just barely missed the mech's body, he was then punched by the opponent straight in the abdomen. Then, after having his legs swept from under him, Lin Yuan's white mech ate dirt - hehe.
Lin Yuan: "......"
Fortunately, it is was all just a simulation, otherwise, if someone was really thrown on their front like that, the pilot would not die but they would be extremely dizzy.
"......come again!"
Lin Yuan, again and again, rushed on ahead. This time he couldn't even get close to its body. He was bombarded with loses from his opponent.
"... come again!"
Lin Yuan was not at all discouraged. The more he fought, the braver he felt. The other side was strong, but it only served to arouse the fighting spirit in Lin Yuan's bones. At the end of the day, it was just a simulation battle. Even if you lose, nothing would happen, but even then, Lin Yuan has never been afraid of losing in the first place.
Lin Yuan rushed over and over again, and every time he was quickly and simply killed by various means.
Even after losing ten times in a row, Lin Yuan is still raring to go.
But Caesar was unable to put up with just idly watching for any longer.
Originally, he was under the impression that the Marshal would not be fighting with his true ability, He did not expect that the Marshal would ruthlessly play a game against a student. Poor Lin Yuan was constantly battered around without even a hope of retaliation, and no sooner surrounded frantically by the other party. He also experienced a variety of simple, neat, decisive, and simple deaths...
Once again being beaten to the ground, Lin Yuan still wants to start another round, but the other person suddenly said: "Do not fight, your level is too terrible."
"..."
Lin Yuan's face I couldn't help but get a little red.
He is indeed a rookie. There is no chance of winning at all under his opponent's hand. At this point, it is was also appropriate to be laughed at by the other person.
Lin Yuan took his fingers off the controls and raised his hand to scratch his hair. He said seriously: "You are really strong. I don't have enough experience in actual combat. I usually practice on the Internet. I have never seen such a powerful opponent like you. "
Lin Yuan paused, then he looked up and smiled and said:" As for the game... Well, I signed up to participate. I just wanted to try it and gain first-hand knowledge of every sort of expert, and I never thought to take rank ah, what's important for me is participation!"
Rosen: "......"
Looking at the holographic screen captured by the Black Dragon, the young man curved his mouth up brightly smiled, and from the bottom of Rosen's heart, he felt rather moved at this display.
- This child is very strong and also has great courage.
He never lost the will to fight and was not afraid to lose. What is even rarer is that he has continuously been optimistic and lighthearted even when he has lost more than ten times in a row, but he is still full of fighting spirit. If someone else was in his place, being repeatedly beaten up, they would definitely be dejected and lose confidence, but he calmly admits to the other side's strengths and his own deficiencies, as well as staying in the mood to make jokes.
Between the young boy and that desired person in his memory, recalling their similarly jet-black and limpid eyes, Rosen's heart suddenly softened, and could not help but say: "Actually, you are not so bad." Lin Yuan, who was praised by the master, was somewhat flattered and stunned. He was silent for a moment before saying: "I... I am not bad?"
"Yeah," Rosen said faintly. "In the previous games, although you lost completely, at the very least, you never made the same mistake twice. Your ability to learn is strong and your reaction-time is fairly quick, as long as you practice a lot there is still much room for improvement. " "
"...... " Lin Yuan after he was given too many high praises blushed a bit. He scratched his head sheepishly said: " Thank you. "
Looking at the youth with an adorable red face, Rosen's lips couldn't help but rise slightly.
A sensible child is really likable.
Rosen softened his voice and said: "...In fact, your moves are not wrong, but the delivery is not precise enough, when there are some minor tells before you attack, the other side will find it easy to predict your actions."
Caesar was shocked looking at the direction of the Black Dragon - Marshal, is this you impromptu teaching?
Even if word got around, this is something no one would actually believe!
Marshal's indifferent and wooden expression gives off the same amount of emotion as a robot. He rarely talks to people in the first place, let alone to go out of his way to teach a student personally...
For him openly teach Lin Yuan today, it is too inconceivable!
Caesar thought with some doubts: Has the Marshal approved Lin Yuan? Does that mean he no longer has to give out his own guidance?
In fact, Rosen himself did not understand why he, himself was acting so abnormal today.
Just by looking at the jet-black eyes of this boy, his heart suddenly grew soft.
This child constantly reminds him of Ling Yu.
His delicate black-haired and black-eyed appearance distinctly mirror Ling Yu, They even both share the same tenacity of being unafraid to lose, but never giving up after defeat. He also shares the same Asian descent of Ling Yu, even the pronunciation of his name is more or less the same.
There are too many places in the youth that are similar to Ling Yu.
Rosen couldn't help but want to teach this child and wish for him to run into fewer rough patches as he grows up.
Thinking of this, Rosen continued to patiently explain: "You always start by immediately taking out your weapon. This is not the best choice. Weapons have a limited attack power, and it is easier to suddenly deal out a fatal blow if it is unexpected. Otherwise, when you take out a weapon, it is easy for the other party to be highly guarded against it. The heavy weapon will only become a burden... You must learn that the weapon hidden up your sleeve is more dangerous than the weapon in your hand."
"Also, don't just think about how to dish out a set of combos, during the game, the other party will not move according to your thoughts, you must be ready to adapt at any time. If you feel uncertain about what to fo, your mech it's best to put your mech in a defensive stance, do not desperately go attack the other party. To prevent your actions being influenced by the other party. First, calm down and think about what you should do."
Lin Yuan felt like he understood and immediately nodded: "I know, I have only been thinking about trying to attack you, but every time I lose. When you defend, you will find opportunities to seize my weaknesses, and in turn, give out a fatal blow. This kind of defensive counterattack is surprisingly more likely to be successful! Right?"
Rosen couldn't help but raise his lips into a slight smile.
This child is truly clever, it comes to no surprise why Vermillion Bird recognized him as his master. Obviously, he is indeed very talented, his current ability to learn and his comprehensive skills are up to an astonishing level.
Rosen couldn't help but praise him: "That's right, you are very bright."
Lin Yuan said with a smile: "I have memorized your every word, thank you- ah!" Lin Yuan paused, "Yes, you are a senior in the mech control department, right? Your level is really too strong! How about later we can go to eat a quick midnight snack? You can tell me about other mech strategies, okay?"
Rosen: "......"
The sound of the youth's pleading voice made Rosen's heart turn soft and chaotic, he had almost opened his mouth to agree.
Too strange, this feeling...
For some reason, this child's body seemingly holds a shadow of Ling Yu, maybe it was because he really missed that person?
Rosen was silent for a moment before he said: "Can you allow me to ask a few questions... Who are your parents? Who taught you how to operate the mech?"
The other party's question was a bit abrupt, but surprisingly Lin Yuan does not mind, he calmly replied: "My dad was a soldier. His life was sacrificed when I was very young. I lived with just my mother and my older sister. As for the mech..." Lin Yuan was embarrassed and reddened with a bit of shame. "No one taught me. I learned by myself. I usually used whatever time I could to practice on the online battle arena, so my level is relatively poor."
"......" Rosen did not expect that this teenager actually grew up in such a difficult environment. Listening to him calmly talking about his Dad dying when he was very young, and Rosen's heart felt inexplicably pained.
Presumably by nature by growing up with a single parent family, he had tempered his brave character.
Rosen suddenly found that he actually liked the child more and more.
In his heart, he felt a bit unwilling to accept the new master who was recognized by Vermillion Bird. After all, Vermillion Bird is Ling Yu's mech, which had been very important to Ling Yu. In Rosen's heart, no second person other than Ling Yu could qualify to have the Vermillion Bird.
However, after seeing Lin Yuan, Rosen found that the unacceptance in his heart slowly vanished unbeknownst to him.
At this moment, looking at Lin Yuan's flushed red face with a dazzling smile, Rosen's heart easily accepted the boy.
- Since it is the master that Vermillion Bird recognized, naturally there is a special place for him. Perhaps it would be a good decision to hand over the Vermillion Bird to this hard-working boy.
- If Ling Yu was still here, would he also like this child too?
Thinking of this, Rosen finally took a deep breath and said calmly: "Even if I take you up on that midnight snack, there are still some small matters I have to attend to, I'll have to take my leave first. Tomorrow night at this time I will be waiting for you in the training room."
...Does this skilled master mean to continue to give him guidance?
Lin Yuan spoke excitedly without missing a beat: "Great! Then you can go on ahead, I'll see you again tomorrow night!"
The mysterious master quickly drove the mech to leave the training room.
Since it was already very late, Lin Yuan did not practice anymore and returned directly to the dormitory with Caesar.
Walking on the path, Lin Yuan finally could not help but wonder aloud: "Caesar, where'd you find that person, ah? Too skilled, even better than the Master I recognized online."
Caesar: "......"
There really wasn't a good explanation to give on such short notice.
In order to prevent Lin Yuan from feeling pressured, Marshal Rosen deliberately concealed his identity and disguised the Black Dragon as a C-class mech to fight against him. He just wanted to see Lin Yuan's level. Caesar did not tell Lin Yuan about the affair regarding the Vermillion Bird. He had originally wanted to give Lin Yuan a pleasant surprise, however, at the moment, it really wasn't the best time. He didn't know how to make up a lie for this situation
Caesar was silent for a moment, in order to cover up his worries, he quickly feigned a cough. He said calmly: "That master...cough, is a third-year, his mastery in controlling mechs is unrivaled The level of his mech is definitely one of the best in our school."
Even in the whole empire, it could still be considered one of the best.
That is Rosen, the commander of the three armed forces, even if he is not necessarily his opponent.
Lin Yuan nodded thoughtfully. "Oh, so it turned out to be the top senior student of the school's machine armor control department."
It's no wonder that he was so difficult to deal with! His ability to control the mech and his overall level are naturally a lot higher than that an amateur like Lin Yuan. However, what Lin Yuan finds suspicious is...
-the voice of that senior, isn't it a bit too mature?
It sounds like the voice of a full grown man, and the low timber sounds particularly nice in his ear.
- And where has he heard that voice before?
When the Pearl spacecraft was hijacked by the Strain Federation's troops, the voice of Marshal Rosen, the head of the Glory Legion appeared in time and rescued the entire spaceship. Didn't it seem to be a bit like the one just now?
--Wouldn't that be impossible? How did the Marshal come here and personally instruct him to operate the mech?
- Of course, it was just an illusion after all!
After leaving the training room, Rosen went straight to the residential district of ​​the St. Romia Military Academy.
Passing through the security verification at the door, he went to room C017 and rung the doorbell. Someone quickly opened the door. It was a young girl whose smile brought forth two adorable dimples on her face
The girl stared quizzically at the man standing in front of her. "Hello, who are you looking for?"
Rosen still didn't reply. Irene, who heard the voice, immediately hurried over and said to the girl: "Bertha, you should go back to your room. This guest is here for your father."
"Oh." Bertha smiled at Rosen and turned back to her room.
Irene was very embarrassed: "Sorry Marshal, I was busy making a quick late-night snack in the kitchen and didn't hear the doorbell. Bertha doesn't know you, so please don't mind her. You're welcome to come in."
Rosen calmly said: "I don't mind. "
Irene walked into the living room and sat down on the sofa. Rosen glanced at the door that the girl had just turned and closed, and asked: "Was the child who opened the door your daughter with Knox? Today she is already turned 18, right?"
Irene smiled and said, "That's right, her name is Bertha. She just had her eighteenth birthday a few days ago."
Following the dissolution of the Night Legion, Rosen invited Knox and Irene to the Glory Legion, but was resolutely rejected by Knox, the husband and wife pair came to the St. Romia Military Academy to become two ordinary instructors.
Time flies too fast, and in the blink of an eye, their child is already eighteen years old.
If Ling Yu did not escape from the constellation of Cepheus, the child of Ling Yu and himself would be the same age as Bertha, it would also be exactly eighteen years old. Unfortunately, the child that had not even received the chance to be born, just...
Thinking of such things, he couldn't help but feel a slight ache pooling at the bottom of his heart, Rosen reeled back his emotions and looked at Irene: "And what about Knox?"
Irene hurridly responded: "He went out to buy some things, he'll be back soon."
Just as her voice fell, the click of the door opening sounded outside the room, Knox walked straight into the room and handed over the food to his wife. Irene immediately turned back to the kitchen to prepare the food.
"Marshal." Knox came over and sat down on the sofa, his face was just as deadpan as he remembered.
Rosen looked at this familiar face and was quiet for a while before saying, "There is no need to prepare a midnight snack. I came over to see the both of you, I just want to chat casually."
Knox said hurriedly: " Marshal is too polite, I haven't seen you for a long time. Whenever you come here, we should naturally entertain you for a bit."
The two men fell into silence at the same time.
After suddenly seeing the people from his past that he hasn't seen for years, it was hard to think of any words to say. In particular, Knox always felt that he had gone against the command of General Ling Yu and allowed Rosen into the cell to mark him. He had failed the trust of the General. Therefore, in the face of this man who once possessed the General, in his heart, he always felt that there was something too uncomfortable about being around him.
After a moment of silence, Rosen opened his mouth: "You are responsible for the military training of the Command Department for the first month this year, right?"
Knox nodded. "Yes."
Rosen asked: "In the Command Department, is there a student named Lin Yuan?"
Knox was surprised and said: "How did you know? Lin Yuan is the squad leader of the class."
Rosen said faintly: "I met Prince Caesar today and heard it from him. Lin Yuan... What do you think?"
Knox said hastily: "Lin Yuan is a very hard-working student. He received a full 300 on the entrance exam. As a beta, he has been adept at managing the entire class. He has a cheerful personality and good temper. A lot of alphas were not convinced at first. Now, all of the students in the class have recognized him as the squad leader."
Knox paused, and started wondering: "Why is Marshal suddenly asking about this student, Lin Yuan ?"
Rosen was silent for a moment. Then he whispered: "That child... looks a little like him."
Knox certainly knows who he is referring to, and he can't help but be surprised: "Have you seen Lin Yuan?"
Rosen nodded before looking back at Knox, "You've also noticed it? Lin Yuan looks like Ling Yu back then, the eyes are especially like him... Maybe it's because they are both Asian descendants."
"..." There was a complete loss for words.
Indeed, when he first saw Lin Yuan, he almost thought that he saw Ling Yu.
In fact, their looks are not overly similar, but they give people a certain feeling and they seem to have a lot in common, especially with their shared clear and limpid black eyes.
Rosen continued: "I really like that child Lin Yuan. In the three years he's at school, I want Irene to take very good care of him. If you have any problems, remember to promptly contact me."
Knox was surprised. "Is it true? " ...Marshal means..."
Rosen nodded: "I want to wait for him to graduate before immediately joining the Glory Legion's First Guard Battalion
The First Guard Battalion is the equivalent of the army leader's personal guard, it is the closest legion to the regiment's top commander.
Rosen obviously wants to transfer Lin Yuan directly to his side.
There are many large and small legions in the empire. Every year after the cadets graduate from the military school, the military will then assign them to different legions to serve. The highborn students with powerful family connections will naturally be assigned to a good legion, and those who have no backing and a poor background are often assigned to a bleak planet to be a soldier or sent directly to the front line.
Rosen's sentence is a golden ticket to send Lin Yuan to the empires best legion.
With this man's indifferent personality, he rarely takes the initiative to care about others, let alone an 18-year-old military school student... Now, he's unexpectantly going out of his way to cater to Lin Yuan...
It shows just how much he values the child, Lin Yuan.
Knox was shocked for a moment and immediately said: "I know how to handle this, rest assured, Marshal!"
Rosen nodded.
Lin Yuan is a beta and is in every respect outstanding, but his family background is too mediocre. In places like the St. Romia Military Academy where there are a plethora of high-ranking aristocratic children, children born in poverty are easily bullied.
This was the case with Ling Yu. Because he was a beta with no backer, he joined a legion and suffered layers upon layers of difficulties. After graduation, he was directly assigned to the Vanguard Reserve of the Night Legion. Not even a year had passed before he was sent to the front line. If not for his powerful ability, perhaps he would have long been like a lot of young soldiers who had died in battle without ever having a chance to shine.
The military is actually a very complicated place.
This young boy named Lin Yuan has a personality and background similar to Ling Yu.
Back then, he wasn't able to protect Ling Yu. Now that he has the ability to protect a young boy very much like Ling Yu, perhaps this could finally resolve his cherished desire.
Thinking of the cute appearance of the teenager's red face while scratching his hair, Rosen's heart couldn't help but feel soft.
Lin Yuan's family is poor, there was no backing, and his personality is pure. Such children suffer many disadvantages in the military. A large part of the military officers' promotion system relies on lineage. It is difficult for an ordinary beta like Lin Yuan to be placed in a high-ranking position. This was the same reason why Ling Yu, despite his great ability and outstanding military service, had only been able to reach Major General.
Lin Yuan is just a first-year student, and the road ahead is still very long.
- It no longer matters I will be here.
- Starting today, I am your most powerful backer.
The author has something to say: Lin Yuan: Look for my dad, ah, found a good dad, ah, Salute ah, shake hands... Where's my mom?
Rosen very infatuated, there will certainly be good fruit to eat (including
meat
) ~ everyone can rest assured!
(
TN
: Not sure what fruit means, but meat is... juicy stuff lol. I want meat, these chapters have been nothing but sad!)
(
Another TN
: Hey, just trying to get past all of this sad stuff here! This chapter was so long! I have plans the whole day tomorrow so I won't be able to work on anything so next update might be another 2-3 days. During summer I'll forgo any kind of update schedule and just translate as much as possible, but when school rolls back around I'll probably stick to 2 a week. How's that sound?)
Chapter 036: Big and Small Prince
That evening, even after returning to the dormitory Lin Yuan had a hard time quelling his excitement. The battle with that mysterious figure still had his blood racing. His mind is still full of admiration for the master's precise and skillful operation. Laying in bed without an ounce of drowsiness, Lin Yuan simply decided to put on his helmet and log onto the holographic network system.
The mechs battle arena in the gaming hall is still very lively. Currently, even though it's rather late at night, the number of online users is still a lot and the chat messages on the main public screen are incessantly pouring out.
After looking over his list of friends, sure enough, Small Prince was currently online. Lin Yuan rushed over to send a greeting to give him prior notice: "Master, I am coming!"
Small Prince quickly replied: "Come to Room No. 11, password 1111."
Lin Yuan enters the password to enter Room No. 11 and saw Small Prince piloting a white bird.
Unlike the other night fit with a mass of spectators smashing their heads together at the magnificent sight, today, because of the password encryption in the room,
Ball
and Small Prince were the only two in the room. Without the influence of the onlookers, Lin Yuan's mood naturally relaxed.
(
TN
: User suggestion from the comment section for his online ID, thanks a bunch!)
He learned a lot of things under the guidance of that mysterious master. In order to begin to learn from this online master, Lin Yuan immediately summoned his own humanoid mech and wanted to challenge him. He didn't expect Small Prince to say: "Today you're going to be using the wolf-type."
Lin Yuan said with embarrassment: "I have never driven a wolf-type mech, I am not very skilled."
Small Prince said: "It doesn't matter, the operation instructions of the mech are similar, just different models. The stats of the mech are a bit different. The wolf-type mech has the strongest sprint speed and jumping ability out of the land mech, you can experience it yourself when you try it."
"Oh!" Lin Yuan had recalled the humanoid mech, changing the one he had just bought yesterday, the gray wolf-type mech, and began to fight against Master.
The wolf-shaped mech is truly fast, it runs like the wind. The light-cannon that is hidden in its mouth has extremely powerful firepower. Obviously, this kind of mech is most suitable in the assault unit of a Legion. It can be assumed that in grounded warfare if tens of thousands of these wolf-type mechs converged together to charge the enemy, they would be able to overwhelm the opposing force easier than a slicing a hot knife through butter.
Lin Yuan operated the wolf-type mech to run onto the field, his mood also became more and more riled up.
The running and jumping ability of the wolf-type mech is indeed very strong. With the same operation command, the humanoid mech can only jump up to two meters high, while the height of the wolf-type mech can nearly hop over a wall in one bound.
After playing a close game with Master, even though he ultimately lost in the end, this result still did not influence Lin Yuan's good mood. Compared to the previous match that where he was unable to retaliate, today he has noticed some improvement. Moreover, he became familiar with a new mech. This could all be considered a rather large gain.
Lin Yuan excitedly walked out of the cockpit of the mech, and before he could talk, suddenly a prompt box popped up saying "The other party has transferred one million points."
Lin Yuan: "......"
Although the feeling of being pampered by his master is very good, the one million points that were given before have had just been spent, and today there was another million, which instead ends up making him feel overwhelmed from the constant favor he receives.
Lin Yuan voiced out with embarrassment: "Master, you have already given me points before."
Small Prince said: "It's nothing, I have 20 million here."
... tw-twenty million?
Lin Yuan immediately become dumbfounded!
Small Prince disconcerting said: "I have been playing in the battle arena for more than ten years and I have accumulated a lot of points. I've already bought every one of the mech types, and the remaining 20 million points cannot be spent, you take should just take it for yourself to buy another mech to play."
After that, he directly and decisively turned over 20 million points.
"......" Lin Yuan has been flattered to the extent that his hands are shaking.
To be honest, when he recognized his master that day, he had always thought that the level of Small Prince was much better than himself. He would like to worship him as a master to learn a bit of his skill. Unexpectedly, the other party actually wanted to take having an apprentice seriously, the other party is several times more skilled than the master of their imagination.
- He does not only pilot birds, he actually has all kinds of mechs!
- This is an unexpected surprise!
Lin Yuan received 20 million points from his master and he was so happy that he was speechless.
The Small Prince earnestly told him off: "Ball, since I accepted you as my apprentice, I don't want to teach a newbie."
Lin Yuan said seriously: "Master, you can rest assured! I will learn well!"
Small Prince sent a smiling expression.
Lin Yuan quickly followed up with an expression of hugs to express his loyalty to his master.
The Small Prince who was embraced was in a good mood and patiently typed: "If you want to be a mech master, you must be familiar with all kinds of mechs, and know where their strengths and weaknesses are. So, no matter what type of mech you encounter in the future, you won't be at a disadvantage. Use the points I gave you to buy all the marine-type mechs first, and practice them several times."
Lin Yuan nodded: "
En en
, I've got it."
(
TN
: I think I'll start to leave some of these onomatopeias in their original Chinese forms, for those of you who read GDC or This Way of Transmigration is Definitely Wrong!, you should recognize this one as the sound of an affirmative grunt.)
Small Prince said: "I will show you the characteristics of various mechs. Come over and look at them..."
The esteemed Master began to patiently teach, while teaching, he would constantly be summoning various mechs to give Lin Yuan a demonstration. Lin Yuan looked seriously, and even later moved closer to see it - this Master is really good, he has obviously carefully passed his experience and knowledge to his apprentice. Such a good master is rarely seen on this game's battle arena.
Lin Yuan's heart was brimming with admiration for this master, and he obediently stuck himself beside his master conscientiously hanging on to his words.
Caesar was very satisfied with Ball listening carefully, his lips couldn't help but raise into a smile.
Just then, a person driving a black bird-type mech suddenly entered the room and automatically joined the auditorium.
Lin Yuan, who was far too enraptured in listening carefully, did not notice this at all. Caesar was giving a demonstration to Lin Yuan, and the room was encrypted. He did not expect anyone to suddenly guess the password and enter the room to stand to the side.
The "uninvited guest" watched for a while in the spectator seats, he who was ignored by the two protagonists finally could not help but send out a line to announce his existence -
Big Prince: "What's going on in here? Teaching in private?"
A line of big characters suddenly appeared on the chat screen of the room. Lin Yuan stared blankly at ahead, his eyes catching sight of the "Big Prince" ID. He inwardly thought that this person was somehow related to his master since he was silent and hasn't spoken.
Sure enough, Small Prince quickly replied: "...how did you get in?"
Big Prince sent a contemptuous expression. "The password is always 1111, never creative, not at all hard to guess."
Small Prince: "......"
Big Prince: "What are you doing this late? Who is this Ball person?"
Small Prince: "...my apprentice."
Big Prince: "Apprentice? You actually have the heart to accept apprentices online?"
If their royal father and mother knew that their two sons secretly registered online under the ID of "Big Prince" and "Small Prince" in the battle arena with a killing rate of 100%, and now that Small Prince actually received an apprentice... they would go absolutely mad!
Unavoidably, the eldest prince would likely continue to expose himself. Caesar immediately talked to him privately: "This Ball is my roommate, don't talk in front of him, ah!"
Xiwei
sent a puzzled expression: "Roommate? What are you doing with your dormitory roommate as an apprentice?"
(
TN
: As I'm pretty sure many of you know, this series has another installment featuring Caesar's elder brother (Runaway Guide). Now I haven't read it, but a quick skimming over revealed that the translator kept his name as Xiwei. Now since Caesar's name was translated into a phonetic English form, I would have done the same for his brother, but for the sake of consitency, I'll be leaving it like this. If anyone wants to know, I was thinking of making it Sylvie.)
Caesar: "......"
Xiwei spoke profoundly: "There are bad intentions, right?"
Caesar was silent for a moment, and said: "...I'm in love with him."
Speaking of it in here, he can't help but feel his face grow hot.
The elder prince is a whole six years older than Caesar. Their royal father was busy with government affairs and their royal mother's body was not good. When Caesar was a child, he had grown up closely stuck to his brother, and although he was a rather violent omega, inside of Caesar's heart, he was still his most respected elder brother.
In front of his elder brother, he had declared that he is in love with a person, Caesar, whose desire had always been somewhat lacking.
Xiwei wondered: "Dormitory roommate? Is it a boy, ah?"
Caesar said: "En, he is a beta."
Xiwei was surprised: "Beta? The royal family tradition has quite strict regulations. The big and influential military households all have pureblooded omega's waiting to be wed to you, and our royal father will definitely not agree to let you marry a beta into the position of a prince's imperial concubine."
Caesar said: "I know."
He paused and said seriously: "I'll do my best to fight for it "
Xiwei was silent for a moment, only to say:" Well, anyway, you are still young, not even graduated from college, our royal father should not be pushing for your marriage just yet, you do not have to worry, these kinds of difficulties can be solved slowly.
Caesar nodded: "En, I understand."
The room had suddenly grown silent. Big Prince and Small Prince seemed to be talking privately? Reading into the atmosphere, Ball continued to earnestly study his own mechs, but in his heart, he was somewhat curious-
What is the relationship between these two people? Their names are so similar, it should it be a close registered friend, right?
Right in the middle of his befuddlement, words began to float in front of his vision by Small Prince: "Ball, let me introduce you to someone, this is my big brother."
- Big brother is called Big Prince, little brother is called the Small Prince, these brothers chose to have very strange names!
Lin Yuan resisted the urge to laugh and politely said, "Hello."
Big Prince said: "En en,
a princess befitting of Small Prince.
"
Lin Yuan: "......??"
Big Prince: "That was a typo, an apprentice befitting of Small Prince."
(
TN
: My terrible attempt at translating some Chinese wordplay into English, basically sister-in-law (specifically one's younger brother's) and apprentice both share the same younger brother character. Princess and apprentice look kind of similar right?)
After finishing this sentence, he directly transferred over 20 million points and smiled and said: "This is for you, nice to meet you."
Lin Yuan: "......"
Looking at the series of zeros behind it, Lin Yuan suddenly looked dizzy.
His master had just given himself 20 million, and now this master's eldest brother just gave out another 20 million. Lin Yuan spent countless hours on the online battle arena to get the points needed to upgrade the humanoid mech that the system provided to the highest level. These two masters are just simply handing out tens of millions of points like air!
Lin Yuan looked at the 20 million points and was very overwhelmed by receiving such favor, he doesn't know how to properly respond. Just then, a string of words from Small Prince appeared: "He gave it to you, just accept it." Those points he has are useless, you should take them to change around the mechs you play."
Since his master said so, Lin Yuan had to thicken his face to accept and say happily: "Thank you, ah!"
Big Prince sent out a smiling face, " Don't mention it."
Inside his heart, he is thinking: This Ball is a really nice catch, ah. Caesar, you are certainly going to want such a good catch as the prince's imperial concubine......
After receiving the points, Lin Yuan immediately opened up the mech store, 40 million points can buy all kinds of mechs. Looking at all of the various kinds of mechs that suddenly pop from the window, Lin Yuan excitedly moves to jump up from his bed.
As a result, because of too much excitement, Lin Yuan accidentally smashed his helmet......
So...
The other two people in the room only saw that Lil' Ball had suddenly disappeared right in front of them.
The Big Prince wondered: "Ball, huh? Did he up and leave?"
Caesar explained calmly: "He was probably too excited and dropped it."
Sure enough, after a few seconds, Lin Yuan put on his helmet and reconnected online to Room 11, he bashfully types out the words to say: "Master, I just accidentally dropped it..."
Caesar couldn't help but lift his lips up into a smile. This guy really was too excited and ripped off the helmet that connected him to the network, he really wants to go in the bedroom next door and give his head a good rubbing.
Big Prince also smiled and said: "Well, you two can continue, I'll go find someone to play a few games, someone who I haven't played with for a long time."
Caesar said: " Wouldn't it be better for us to play a few games and let Ball watch? "
Xiwei thought his brother probably would like to take the opportunity to let his sweetheart who loved to learn some skills to watch them battle. He straightforwardly agreed and he moved down, he readily piloted down his mech, a black bird, to meet up with Caesar's mech, a white bird.
Lin Yuan entered the spectator stands and excitedly began to watch the battle between the two masters.
This match can surely be said to be wonderful, and it is much better than the battle videos between many masters on the Internet!
The two also piloted flying mechs, the black and white bird fluttered in the air, and every attack and dodge was done just right. The two have stayed evenly matched, even as they had been playing for 20 minutes. Both sides were still at a toss up, but within the short period of 20 minutes, a lot of techniques were used and each was amazingly accurate with no margin of even the slightest error in judgment or control of the situation. Already, Lin Yuan has felt the need to prostrate himself at their feet in admiration!
In just 20 minutes, Lin Yuan saw no more than fifty difficult level-three movements, and the conversion between the difficult movements was also very smooth and seamless. It was a gift from the heavens to watch these masters playing the mechs!
While Lin Yuan was spectating, in his heart he can't help but simultaneously immerse himself in his thoughts. How should those movements be connected? While looking at one side and pondering, one match after another, Lin Yuan felt the mist covering his eyes was lifted to reveal a vast clearing, and an entourage of ideas came pouring out.
The two brothers played six games in a row, and after more than an hour, and the final result was three wins and three losses.
Seeing that it was getting late, Caesar proposed: "I think we've had enough for today, brother, you should go to bed early, or father will have words to say to you."
Xiwei said: "Alright, then I will sleep first, then next time I'm free I'll come to play with you guys again." Big Prince withdrew his mech and went to Lin Yuan and waved his hand. "Goodbye Ball."
Lin Yuan hurriedly said, "En, goodbye!"
The other party quickly went offline and once more, the room was filled with only the pair of master and disciple.
It was too late to continue playing today. Time really flew by quickly, he would have to be up at 7:00 a.m. for military training. Lin Yuan had to go to bed, but for some reason when he said goodbye to Master, he felt a bit reluctant.
Lin Yuan pushed past his embarrassment to ask: "Master, can you come tomorrow night?"
Small Prince said: "What's wrong?"
Lin Yuan said: "I haven't used a lot of these mechs I just bought. Compared to me, you're much more proficient in this area, whenever you have free time, you can teach me a bit. "
Small Prince said:" No problem, I can be online tomorrow night. "
Lin Yuan excitedly said: "Great, tomorrow night I'll set up a room and wait in there for you! "
After he was done speaking he also sent out a hugging expression to express his gratitude to his master.
Caesar looked at the adorable Ball in front of him and stretched his arms to make a hugging motion. He couldn't help but raise his lips slightly.
He can even imagine the Lin Yuan of that moment, whose excitement makes his pair of eyes shine brightly.
Obviously, Lin Yuan truly likes operating mech. Even playing so late, he is surprisingly not tired at all. Even after parting, he still wants to continue on tomorrow... Using this kind of mentoring between master and disciple to exchange battle tactics and slowly improve his level. It really is proper, right?
Even if it is just to please him, just to casually buy an ordinary mech online and give it to him without a second thought, isn't there is no need for it to be troublesome? But Caesar doesn't want to stop there. As Marshal had said, Lin Yuan must have a skillful level to become the master of Vermillion Bird. What Caesar truly wants to see is that Lin Yuan has become a genuine mech operation master with the addition of his own help.
Only in this way could Lin Yuan be qualified to have the empire's top-level S-class mech, Vermillion Bird, his ability will most certainly not fail to live up to Vermillion Bird's approval of him. Later on, with a top-notch intelligent mech such as Vermillion Bird accompanying him and protecting him, Caesar will naturally feel a lot more at ease.
The next day's military training soon ended and Lin Yuan's anticipation of playing against the mysterious master in the evening hastily grew stronger and stronger.
After finishing the training, Lin Yuan went to the dining hall for dinner as fast as he could. He returned to the dormitory and changed out of his sweaty military uniform. After a quick shower, he urged Caesar to rush to the training room.
The mysterious master driving a black mech was patiently waiting in the same place as previously agreed.
Lin Yuan smiled and said politely greeted him before he bluntly began to challenge him.
He learned from yesterday's lessons. Today, Lin Yuan is not in a hurry to make the first move. Instead, he puts on a defensive posture and concentrates on the screen in front of him. He wants to wait for the opponent to attack and then find a way to seize the other's loopholes and counterattack.
Seeing Lin Yuan's intention to fight defensively, Rosen also launched an offensive directly.
The black mech's attack was fierce and powerful, and the speed was as fast as lightning. It was as glorious as a rainbow. Lin Yuan had no time to parry, and he was subsequently beaten and lost. He even lost five times in the first match!
However, Lin Yuan is not discouraged, he carefully observes and records each of his opponent's actions, using the interval between each battle to continuously analyze in his head.
Finally, when the other side suddenly took out the weapon and swung it towards himself, Lin Yuan picked up his shield and accurately blocked the opponent's blade!
After battling against the mysterious master for so long, Lin Yuan for the first time successfully blocked the opponent's assault!
Rosen's movement paused a little, and he couldn't help but feel a little gratified. The young boy's action was what he used yesterday. He didn't expect him to learn so quickly, the child's learning ability and comprehension was really strong.
Rosen was interested in teaching him so he deliberately slowed down his movements every time he attacked.
Lin Yuan immediately reacted and carefully studied and analyzed.
One night's time passed quickly in a round of delightful matches. When it was eleven o'clock, the other party said that it was too late. Lin Yuan reluctantly walked out of the cockpit and said with a smile: "Senior, Are you free tonight? I invite you to eat a quick late-night snack!"
Lin Yuan believed that Caesar said "this mysterious master is a third-year senior with a high level of mech operation" and naturally called out the term "senior".
Caesar's forehead can't help but drop a cold sweat.
The only person in the whole empire who dared to smile and call the Marshal "Senior", would only be Lin Yuan.
......strangely enough, the Marshal seems to be not angry at all?
It was true, Rosen is not angry at all. Listening to Lin Yuan repeatedly asking to eat midnight snacks, this "you help me, I will invite you to eat" with an earnest expression, ends up looking in Rosen's eyes to be very cute.
Rosen slightly smiled and whispered: "No need, you can go enter the national finals, that would be the best reward for me."
Lin Yuan suddenly felt a bit of pressure, "National finals? Is my level okay? I've learned nothing more than just enough mech operation to meet the military's open exam requirements, and I'm not very familiar with a lot of mechs"
Rosen said:" Don't mind that, you have twenty days worth of time, train well, alright?"
Seeing that the expression on the boy's face was a bit panicked. Rosen couldn't help but send over his encouragement: "Trust yourself, you can do it."Lin Yuan looked up and smiled: "Well then, I'll give it my best shot!"
Rosen asked Black Dragon to put a copy of his electronic notes that it had already prepared and handed them to Lin Yuan. "These notes were recorded back in the years when I was studying the mechs. I'm giving it to you for reference. The password is 0707."
Lin Yuan took the electronic notebook from the black mech. After inputting the password, the palm-sized electronic screen really switched on.
The notes recorded in the electronic notebook were like a whole book and generally neatly done. The key points that need to be paid attention to are also marked and annotated properly with red, so the electronic notes recorded by themselves are definitely more precious than those books on the theory of mech operation by severalfold!
Lin Yuan gingerly held the electronic notes in his hands and was genuinely touched: "These notes are written very nicely. Thank you!"
"...these will be very useful." Facing the young boy's sincere gaze, Rosen's heart went soft, he couldn't help but make his tone a lot more gentle. "I still have a lot of things I need to do. I can't practice with you every day. You should step up your training this month. If you end up entering the top ten people representing the school to participate in the national finals, then at that moment, come to the capital of the constellation Cepheus. I'll take you out to eat."
Lin Yuan was shocked for a moment, "Capital Star...?"
The Empire's capital,
Sheffield Star
, is located in the center of the constellation Cepheus. Lin Yuan has never once been there.
(
TN
: 斯菲尔德, nothing I could find for this made sense so I ended up taking the name of a newspaper that sounded pretty similar lol. Pinyin roughly looked like Si Fei Er De.)
This master obviously said that he would invite him to dinner in the capital star. He must be motivating him to practice and get the top ten.
Lin Yuan immediately nodded: "Alright, I must step up my practice during this time!"
Looking at the confidence of the youth, Rosen couldn't help but smile: "I hope to see you again in the capital star."
Lin Yuan smiled and said: "I hope so too!"
Rosen paused, and said, "Caesar, I have some things to go take care of, the next training will be handed over to you."
Caesar: "......"
Caesar felt an even larger pressure.
Can Marshal's sentence be regarded as a military order? If Lin Yuan is not able to get the top ten, wouldn't that mean that he did not faithfully complete the task of the Marshal? Thinking of the gaze of the Marshal's cold eyes, Caesar felt the scalp go numb.
Fortunately, Lin Yuan is very talented. The Marshal personally guided him these two days. Before leaving, he also presented a precious electronic notebook written by himself, plus his own online teaching with Ball every night... just one month, raising his level and entering the top ten in the school should not be a problem, right?
Caesar looked back at Lin Yuan and found that Lin Yuan had a look of joy and excitement as if he could win the top ten tomorrow.
Lin Yuan is obviously very confident,
......I should have confidence in the ability of this little monster, isn't that right?
Thinking of this, Caesar looked up and looked at the direction of the Black Dragon's cockpit. His eyes shone brightly as he firmly said: "I know, rest assured, I will take him to the capital star to see you!"
Rosen nodded with satisfaction and left the training room.
Until the figure of the black mech disappeared around the corner, Lin Yuan asked questioningly: "Caesar, is that mysterious master really a third-year senior? Why doesn't he want to officially meet me? I want to have a meal, and a proper chat, but he doesn't seem to want to meet me face-to-face."
Caesar: "......"
Because once he shows up, you'll be scared.
Because he is the Marshal and is an idol in the minds of many imperial people. When you meet each other, you will never smile and invite him to a meal. Instead, you will seriously stand upright at attention and give him a military salute.
Since the Marshal asked for confidentiality, Caesar did not disclose his identity.
Seeing Lin Yuan's curious look, Caesar couldn't help but smile and say: "He doesn't want to let you know who he is, for the time being, you should think that he is on a whim to pass down his teachings to the new generation. Doesn't it all play out like that in TV shows? The protagonist always has to receive the guidance of several mysterious and able masters, and then their level can advance by leaps and bounds."
Lin Yuan silently said, "I never watched those kinds of TV shows."
Caesar: "......"
Lin Yuan looked back at Caesar and wondered: "Are you and Brian very fond of watching those kinds of TV shows?"
Caesar: "......"
He never so much as looked at those kinds of childish
dog blood
TV dramas. Without thinking, he had just thought back to the plot of a drama that Brian was very fond of, he listened to Brian's blathering enough times to memorize it. This is all Brian's fault...
(
TN
: Melodramatic.)
Brian, who had just received a large number of mech parts from his father at the StarCraft Center, suddenly loudly sneezed.
"Ah, Achoo!" Brian touched his nose in confusion. "Who is cursing me?"
(
TN
: Author wanted to let you know that chapter 40 will be a real nice treat *wink wink)
Chapter 037: The Night
Snow
(
TN:
This isn't referring to Snow himself, Snow's name is pronounced like Snow while this character is the actual character for Snow.)
That mysterious master had not appeared once ever since his last visit where he left. Lin Yuan liked that master very much. He really wants to see him again, but that person had said, "Recently, I have been very busy with some matters, when you come to the Capital Star, we can have a meal together." Lin Yuan just had to hope that he would be able to enter the top ten to represent the military school and go to the Capital Star to participate in the National Mech Competition.
For the following 20 and some days, Lin Yuan's training became more and more serious and demanding.
After dinner every night, Lin Yuan went to the training room for his daily training with Caesar. After the training, he returned to his bedroom. Lin Yuan habitually logged into the holographic network and played a few games with his master, Small Prince.
The days that pass are both meaningful and merry
Soon enough, Lin Yuan grew familiar with the characteristics of all kinds of mechs under the guidance of Small Prince. Such high-intensity and professional training also made Lin Yuan's operation of mech level rise exponentially in no time at all. At first, the mech operation method he had trained under was only to deal with the military's public admission examination, but now he could easily be considered a professional mech operation master.
Now, he can even draw a tie when he is playing against Small Prince.
Big Prince, Xiwei, appeared on the sidelines a few times while both master and apprentice were practicing in online battle, privately, he asked Caesar: "This Ball is very talented, very perceptive, and has made rapid progress, is he really a beta?"
The person he was in love with was praised by his respected elder brother, this made Caesar feel very good.
Caesar proudly said: "Yes that's right, he is an extremely excellent beta. In the upcoming competition, he is sure to enter the top ten." Caesar paused. "When that time comes, I will go to Cepheus with him to participate in the national finals and introduce him to you?"
Xiwei was very interested in the young beta who his younger brother had taken a fancy to. He smiled and nodded his head as he said: "Alright ah, at that time, you can take along Ball and let us meet. I want to see him, If he can completely captivate you and throw your mind into a frenzy, I want to know what kind of person that small beta is!"
Caesar smiled and said, "I won't let you down."
As the hot topic and the center of their conversation, Ball was still operating mech, unable to extricate his mind from it.
***
A month passed by in the blink of an eye, Caesar was busy with Lin Yuan's training, and Brian was busy renovating Vermillion Bird.
After his afternoon military training, Brian takes Little Blue to the hidden valley and modifies Vermillion Bird according to his previously designed scheme. Because he got the original design of Vermillion Bird directly from his father's hand and Brian loved to disassemble all kinds of mechs from an early age, the process of modifying Vermillion Bird was going very smoothly.
By the end of the month, when the military training was about to end, the weapon equipment and internal neural network of Vermillion Bird had been completely dismantled and stored in the storage warehouse of White Feather.
Vermillion Bird's size has shrunk to one-tenth of the original size. The appearance looks completely like that of the C-class mech. Inside, even the console is that of a C-class mech. Even if the people of the Mech Association check it, they would be unable to find any flaws.
- With this turn of events, Vermillion Bird can be said to have completely gained a new life.
What is even more fortuitous is that its smart center and core structure have not been harmed in the slightest. The benefits of Brian's design can be clearly seen here. Now, it is only temporarily downgraded, if Vermillion Bird wants to rise back up to the S-level, it would just have to have the parts it has now removed and have the old parts loaded back on.
While remodeling Vermillion Bird, Brian used his free time to create a new mech for Snow.
Because Caesar's White Feather is pure white, Brian dyed Snow's mech in light silver color for the sake of distinction. The silver body when it is illuminated shines a sparkling bright white light. While under the light, it showed that it held a lot of beauty.
As for the name...
He is distressed whenever he tries thinking of a good name.
Shortly thereafter, White Feather with its incessant chatter, the completely relegated Vermillion Bird, and the newly-made mech was put back inside their respective space buttons. Brian sat perfectly satisfied riding in Little Blue towards the school.
On the way back, Brian couldn't help but ask: "Little Blue, this mech that I just finished, what do you think about it?"
Immediately after the mech was finished, Little Blue scanned its little brother thoroughly from head to toe, this newly made mech is very different from Brian's previous work. Its volume is small and exquisite while being fairly lightweight and its height is fairly comparable to that of a human. Furthermore, its silver metal armor shines beautifully when illuminated.
Little Blue honestly commented: "Master, it looks very nice."
"I know, it looks very nice." Brian said pridefully: "There's nothing ugly about the mech I made. It's just the name of this mech. I still haven't decided yet. What do you think is better to call it?"
- This incompetent master finally thought of asking for foreign aid to help.
- But don't tell me that you don't think that letting one mech choose the name of another mech is a bit too difficult of a task?
Even so, since the master had asked, Little Blue was very dutiful and responsibly searched for some suitable nouns for the mech in its vast vocabulary library, and then listed them all on the screen and responded seriously: "Master, please kindly refer to these names."
Brian looked at the list of the thousands of mechs names displayed in front of him and was dumbfounded.
Hundun? Shen Gui? Pili? Qiqi?
(
TN
: Some background information on the names and why they're absolutely horrendous lol.
Hundun
means Chaos, but it is also used for referring to a formless mass in Chinese mythology that existed before creation. Not a very flattering name.
Shen Gui
refers to a Tortoise God (from what I know they're usually pretty revered for their longevity), but a lot of results for Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles popped up too.
Pili
seems to be from some puppet show in Asia. It directly translates to something like Thunderbolt which I can't really glean a lot of information on.
Qiqi
is the Chinese name of Chip from the Disney classic, Chip 'n' Dale, which if you don't know what it is (Neither did I tbh) it is basically about anthropomorphic chipmunk brothers. The Chinese characters themselves just mean strange or weird however which really doesn't help.)
These are all chaotically random, ah! Not one of these from Little Blue sounds good!
Brian bowed his head and meditated for a moment, then smiled and touched his chin and said, "Let it be chosen by Snow... the mech given to him is better off being named by himself, lest I choose a name he doesn't like. "
Little Blue agreed and said:" That's right, Master. If you choose its name, his master would certainly not like it."
Brian:" ...... "
***
By the time Brian got back to school, it was already 11:00 p.m., At the moment, Snow was currently still experimenting in the lab.
These days, after being in the library repeatedly reading through the available documents and data, Snow finally thought of a new formula for his medicine, he replaced some of the banned drug components in the inhibitor with conventional drugs and can temporarily replace the inhibitor effect after synthesis.
Snow made use of the instruments in the independent laboratory that Shirley-
xuejie
applied for to make these new inhibitors. Today, it is just the last step. Watching the new inhibitors finally finish, Snow finally breathed a sigh of relief.
(
TN
: There is not a good English counterpart for a female senior schoolmate.)
The transparent injection fluid was covertly taken and placed into his pocket, and Snow turned around to depart from the lab.
When he came out of the lab, he saw Brian walking to the side of the path.
Brian's perception is extremely good and Snow hadn't had time to hide. His vision immediately locked onto the target, his eyes shone brightly as he smiled and said: "Snow, how come you're here?"
"......" Snow had to take a few slow breaths and he calmly said: "I just went to the lab to do an experiment."
Brian did not doubt why a first-year student would be doing an experiment. The so-called different trades, worlds apart. He didn't have an inkling how the medical division handled things. He also just assumed that Snow was doing scientific research with his classmates.
Brian took the initiative to hold Snow's hand and asked: "Are you hungry? Do you want to eat a quick nighttime snack?"
This whipped guy is taking the initiative to hold hands and intimately clasp all ten fingers...
Snow's heart felt a bit strange, however, his face stayed perfectly frozen. He faintly whispered: "En, by chance I'm a bit hungry."
Brian, who gained Snow's agreement, immediately clenched his hand with excitement and his voice became gentle. "Let's go, the dining hall is still open. I heard that the third floor is very good, I'd like to eat with you."
Brian took Snow's hand and walked in the direction of the dining hall. When he walked to the door, he saw two familiar figures - Lin Yuan and Caesar, who had just completed his mech training.
When Brian saw them, they took the initiative to say hello: "Hey, what a coincidence, did you guys also come to eat late at night?"
Caesar nodded. "En, we just finished up with some mech training. When you're hungry just do as one pleases and eat as you wish."
Lin Yuan standing next to Caesar, curiously glanced at the hands that Snow and Brian were holding together. Snow's ears were red, and immediately shook off Brian's hand and walked up to Lin Yuan and said, "That competition is in two days isn't it? How is your training going?"
Lin Yuan smiled and scratched his head and said: "I feel that I can do it, the mech operation aspect is getting easier. I just don't know how strong the other contestants will be, I hope I can enter the finals."
Snow said seriously: "I think you can have a little confidence in yourself."
Lin Yuan laughed and said: "En, I will try my best."
As the two people spoke, they naturally walked side by side into the dining hall together.
Brian: "......"
Caesar: "......"
Once again, the two alpha
bum beetles
who were forgotten behind them had no choice but to begrudgingly look at each other and turned to catch up with Snow and Lin Yuan's footsteps.
(
TN:
Shadows, lurkers, or just a general term for people who get left behind in the dust.)
***
One month of military training officially ended yesterday. The school specially gave the entirety of the military students two days off to rest and revise in preparation for the following benchmark assessment as well as the military mech competition.
Since the whole student body received a holiday at the same time, there is an unusual insurgence of people who go to the dining hall to eat late at night. They gathered together in twos and threes. Many of people there are dormitory roommates grouped together for a communal meal. There are also many first-year students who invite the male and female senior students out to eat in order conveniently inquire about the content in the military drills and exams.
The cafeteria on the third floor is just like a festival, it's very lively.
Lin Yuan and Snow had just walked up to the third floor. Brian immediately walked over and looked for a good position by one of the windows. He slid out a stool and let Snow sit down on it, he smiled and said, "You guys take a seat, I will get some food to eat. "
Lin Yuan very bluntly:" I can get it myself, I'm sure you'll take things I don't like to eat. "
Brian:" ...... "
Lin Yuan took a plate and excitedly ran, Caesar naturally followed Lin Yuan away, Brian without a better option looked expectantly towards Snow.
Snow glanced at him and said faintly: "Help me get a glutinous rice cake and a bowl of rice porridge. I am not very hungry. I won't be able to sleep well if I eat too much at night."
Brian immediately smiled and nodded. "Alright, I know!"
Brian turned and walked away, with a joyous expression to help Snow get his late-night snack, Snow even thought that if this whipped guy had a tail, it would certainly already be wagging.
Snow's heart couldn't help but feel a little funny...
But inexplicably, it seems that there is actually such a sincere person who is truly good to himself, that seems to be right?
Brian quickly brought back the plated food, two glutinous rice cakes, two bowls of rice porridge, the exact same "Couple Package."
Snow felt somewhat helpless when he made contact with Brian's "seeking praise" eyes. He took the plate in his hand and said, "Thank you."
Brian sat next to Snow, he smiled as he said, "Do you really like glutinous rice cake? I will eat it too, and I will find the opportunity to hand make one for you in the future."
Snow: "......en."
Ignoring the inexplicable burst of warmth that suddenly explodes in his hearty, Snow puts all of his attention on the food in front of him.
Is Brian personally making a glutinous rice cake with his own hands? Somehow, the thought unexpectedly makes him look forward to it
Lin Yuan and Caesar soon came back. Lin Yuan's plate was an especially magnificent sight. Various kinds of pastries were all taken by him. The presence of every single kind of pastry all at once gives out an intimidating demeanor.
Brian looked at his closely packed plate of food amassed into mountainous pile and was shocked: "Are you done getting food?"
Lin Yuan said with a smile: "I'm done getting food, I practiced all day today, I am starving to death."
After that, he no longer paid Brian any mind, stuffing his face into the mountain of food, his mouth was constantly flying open and close, he resembled a starving and spoiled little animal as he ate each pastry piece after piece. All of the food piled up onto the plate was rapidly devoured by him in half an hour.
Brian: "......"
Has he had not eaten well for several days?
Caesar is very calm, apparently accustomed to seeing such a scene, unexpectedly, Caesar's eyes while watching Lin Yuan eat were very soft and tender, occasionally he would pick from his own plate to give him the food he likes...... not afraid to support this guy's wild eating habits!
As today's facts have proved, Lin Yuan is simply an eating champion. He never fully understood the concept of "eating until you burst" until now. He had eaten so many things, yet it didn't change his face. On the way back to the dormitory, he still 100% energetically discussed the mech competition taking place in two days time with Caesar.
Brian really admired this and wished to prostrate himself at his feet.
***
When the four returned to the dormitory, it was almost twelve o'clock, but the next day was a holiday, so everyone was not in a rush to sleep and returned to their bedroom to busy themselves around.
Brian knocked on the door to Caesar's bedroom and handed back a red and white space button to him.
White Feather that finally returned to it's master's hand immediately screamed excitedly: "Master Master! The modification of Predecessor Vermillion Bird has been completed. It has now become C-class. The parts that have been removed from its original body are all in my storage space, I will keep those parts of its body safe!"
Caesar: "......"
White Feather continued to prattle on: "Also! Also!
BriBri
made a new mech, the silver model is truly beautiful! "
(
TN
: White feather said the first character of Brian's name twice (BuBu) as a cutesy nickname.)
White Feather finished all the words that Brian had wanted to say. It had saved Brian the trouble. He turned back to Caesar. "As White Feather said, Vermillion Bird has adapted to its new form and was put in your space button." If you get ahold of the top three prizes and then drop in the Vermillion Bird, the Mech Association should not question it, even if they create an investigation, they won't be able to find a problem."
Caesar nodded and patted Brian's shoulder. "You've worked hard."
Brian waved his hand: "You're welcome."
Caesar paused and asked: "White Feather said that you made a new mech?" Is it going to be given to Snow?"
Brian was a little embarrassed. "Well... do you think he would like it?"
Caesar thought about it: "If you made it yourself, then he should like it."
Brian smiled. "I also think he will like it too!"
***
As Snow entered the bedroom, he turned and locked the door. He then took out the new type of inhibitor injection from his pocket and pulled a 5 ml disposable syringe out of the drawer. The inhibitor was injected into the cyan veins on the back of his hand.
The familiar pain of the needle piercing the skin caused Snow to frown slightly, the drug was quickly injected. Snow dropped the syringe and carefully locked the remaining inhibitors in his drawer.
The formula of this batch of inhibitors had changed multiple ingredients, he doesn't know for sure how well it will work. He hopes to achieve the expected results. If this test batch is successful, it only needs to be injected every three months, which is simple and convenient.
Snow gently exhaled, just as he was going to take a shower, he heard a knock on the door.
When he got up and opened the door, he saw Brian who was standing just outside the door, Snow asked in confusion: "Do you need something?"
Brian smiled and said, "Can I come in?"
Snow was silent for a moment and opened the door and he came in.
Brian took out a necklace from his pocket, there was a rhombus-shaped pendant dangling from the silver necklace.
Snow asked: "What is this?"
Brian had a cautious facial expression as he carefully lifted Snow's hand and gently placed the necklace in the palm of his hand and whispered: "This is a space button with a mech inside. I made it myself, this is a present for you......"
Snow: "......"
Brian nervously spoke: "We have been together happily for a month and I have never sent you a gift. I don't know what you like and I can only make mechs. With that in mind, I specially designed a healer-type mech for you."
"......" Snow was silent for a while before he calmly asked: "Can you call it out for me to see?"
Brian immediately nodded: "No problem!"
Brian quickly pulled the silver mech out of the space button.
Snow looked straight ahead at the lithe mech that was just a little bit shorter than him by a few centimeters. The flowing smooth body contours made it look like a slender human. The silvery metals luster had a faint glow under the light. The face was another level deeper, there were the eyes, eyebrows, and mouth on its face. The eyes especially shone gently like two lanterns.
The design of the entire mech is very delicate, it obviously took a lot of thought.
Snow's heart suddenly welled up with warmth.
Is this his...... special mech tailored specifically for himself?
The height and shape of this mech look really pleasing to the eye, it was standing by his side like a thoughtful assistant.
For as long as he could remember, he had never received any gifts. So especially at this moment, receiving such a valuable gift, Snow did not know what to do.
He did not expect that the alpha he had chosen would be so loving to himself.
Snow's mood was a bit complicated. After a long time, he asked softly: "What is its name?"
Brian, who was titled incompetent, embarrassedly scratched at his golden hair in tufts, he smiled as he said: "As for the name of the mech, I hadn't decided it yet. From now on you will be its master, wouldn't it be better to let you name it?"
Snow thought about it and said, "I just so happened to be born on a night during a lot of snow very late into the night. My father named me
Snow
. It should also be related to snow. This mech should be called
Night Snow
, meaning 'the snow in the night', can that work?"
(
TN
:夜
雪
= Ye Xue = Night
Snow
/斯诺= Si Nuo = Snow)
Brian immediately nodded: "Yes! It can! It great that you like it!"
- Compared to the name of Little Red and Little Blue, Night Snow is much more firm and pleasant to hear, Snow is far more talented than I am in the naming department.
Brian enthusiastically launched the mechs intelligent system and greeted Snow. "Come take a look at it."
The indicator light of the mech installed in its eye quickly lit up, Snow walked in front of it and softly asked: "Your name is Night Snow, alright? I am Snow, I will be your master in the future."
The mechs resetting system had finished and it made a nod towards the Snow, saying in a cold and faint voice: "Alright, Master."
He doesn't know how Brian designed the audio system. The cool tone of this smart mech is very similar to that of its master, Snow. It is truly tailor-made.
Snow couldn't help but suddenly smile. He reached out and touched its head and said gently. "Very well behaved."
"......"
Brian looked directly at it.
It was his first time seeing such a relaxed smile on Snow's face. It was like the snow in the winter suddenly melted. Snow's smile was really...... so, so beautiful......
When there was suddenly no reaction behind him. Snow turned back and saw Brian standing there in a daze.
Snow walked up to him and whispered, "Brian."
Brian came back to his senses, "......ah?"
Snow said, "Thank you."
Then, Snow gently picked up his feet and took the initiative and planted a quick kiss on Brian's lips
Brian: "....................."
The soft touch on his lips was gone almost as quickly as it appeared.
Brian, whose brain experienced a massive shutdown after being kissed, suddenly froze in place and became a statue.
Snow looked at the whipped guy currently in a daze and was embarrassed about the action he had just done. He quickly turned and said, "I am going to take a shower. Go back first. Go to bed early, good night."
It wasn't until Snow's figure disappeared in front of him that Brian had come back from the heavens and he still touched his lips. It was Snow's fresh, cold smell that seemed to remain on his lips...
Listening to the sound of the water in the bathroom, Brian's heart felt a burst of uncontrolled desire well up.
The eyes of Night Snow flickered for a while, seeing Brian still staying in the same place and refusing to go, it finally began to get around to enforcing it's master's orders. It began to speak with a cold and faint voice: "Master asked you to go back first, sleep early, good night."
The high-intelligence mech had made a judgment on Snow's order, but the person in front of it apparently did not follow this order. The mech automatically executed the master's task and wanted Brian to "go back."
Brian was angry and said: "Hey, you are the mech I made, are you going to chase me out?"
Night Snow said faintly: "My master is Snow."
Brian: "......"
Night Snow said: "Go back, good night."
Brian: "......"
So then, that evening, Brian was shoved out of the door by his own mech.
The author has something to say: BriBri was kissed by Snow for a fool, hahahaha, light some candles!
Before opening a new copy of the data sheet copy, you must first get out the
SnoSno's
mech, the name of the Night Snow orz... I think it is at least a little more creative than Little Snow.
(
TN
: Author referred to Snow by repeating his last character in his name twice. (NuoNuo))
Ps: I have never slept before 2 o'clock since I created this story. It is really my limit to update 6k words every day. Don't call again, my eight hands are too busy to answer. I really can't do it... qaq Rich Chinese
Chapter 038: The Mech Contest
(
TN
: This one was a bit longer than what I was used to and a complete headache to translate, idioms and battle scenes really suck the life out of me lol, but I will try to keep updating around every three days.)
St. Romia Military Academy's 18th mech competition finally began to spark to life, the school-wide mech contest officially began on the weekend after two days.
This upcoming competition coincidently coincides with the celebration of the 600th Anniversary of the Empire. As long as one is among the top ten students of the whole school, they can participate in the national finals to represent the school to go to the constellation of Cepheus, it is even possible to participate in the mech exhibition in the ceremonial military parade and personally see His Majesty, Trent.
In addition, all students who have obtained the qualifications to enter the national finals have the privilege of receiving a"C-class mech piloting qualification certificate exemption". The top three players who won the national competition will also be awarded a mech worth more than 500,000 coins!
All of the aforementioned enticing conditions have made this year's mech competition so popular that the number of participants has skyrocketed in participation compared to previous years historical recordings. The number of students who signed up for the competition actually exceeded one thousand!
It is naturally impossible for thousands of contestants to be graded in a group competition or in a round-robin tournament. The school authorities have directly decided upon a
preselection
on the morning of the first day of the competition. All the contestants are numbered in succession, they are then piloted to school to provides C-class mech training inside of a training room to pass through difficult tasks, the players who can't pass are directly eliminated!
(TN: This is called a sea election that seems to be specifically used in China, I can't really find more information on it more than its a form of public nomination by the masses.)
Throughout the morning, the preselection immediately wiped out more than half of the people, and in the afternoon there were only 200 people left.
The 200 people are then divided into 20 groups to advance to the preliminary round. Each group has 10 players playing for points. The first match is limited to 15 minutes, winning was 1 point, losing meant a 1 point deduction, and a tie would mean no points exchanged. The remaining 4 people would then qualify for the next round of the competition.
*
The first day of the competition was as spectacular and swift as sand being swept away through the vast miles of the ocean.
(
TN
: Can you pinpoint the letter where my brain died? This was my best-educated guess. If anyone else wants to try and have a crack at it then- 第一天的比赛简直像是海里淘沙一样壮观又迅速.)
More than a thousand players started in the morning, and after the morning preselection and the afternoon preliminary games, there were only 80 people left.
The level of these 80 people are naturally of a skillful level. The small-time amateurs have long since been cleanly washed out. More than 60 of the 80 people are students whose main field of study is the mech control department. The remaining 20 are evenly divided from the command department or the engineering department.
- Lin Yuan and Caesar are naturally among the 80 people.
The tasks presented in the preselection were successfully passed, it was all a piece of cake for Lin Yuan. He practices these tasks with Caesar every day. He knows the various scenario scenes in the simulation training room by heart and he immediately receives full marks.
There were no particularly strong opponents in his group that were divided for the preliminary round. Thus, Lin Yuan was the only one in his group to win all nine of his matches with a complete victory and advance into the next round.
The 80 people who entered the semi-final round were re-divided into 8 groups, the first half was separated into groups A1-A4 and the second half was split off into groups B1-B4, each group had 10 people. The previous point system and competition based matches stayed the same and the top 4 players would be able to advance to the next round and then move further on to find the strongest out of the 32 schools.
Afterward, when Lin Yuan had taken a look at the group listing, he unexpectantly found Baker's name on the list of names. He didn't expect this guy to be able to enter the quarter-finals. Apparently, Baker had also found out, and also specially sent a message saying: "Boss, in tomorrow mornings semi-final, we are in the same group!"
Lin Yuan smiled and replied: "En, I saw in the arena, I will be polite."
Thinking back to when Lin Yuan had slammed down an alpha in 3 seconds, Baker was suddenly trembling in fear- not being polite? Does he mean to slam me down in three seconds, ah?
***
The next day during the semi-finals, Lin Yuan was really not polite.
The semi-final is still integrated at the school and provides mechs. The competition is carried out in a dedicated training room and the mechs are all in the C-class range. The mech type can be chosen by the students. Lin Yuan chooses the humanoid mech according to his usual preference. This type is the most familiar to him and it is also what he is best at playing.
Lin Yuan's code number is No. 77, which is divided into the A1 group. His first match is directly against Baker who is No. 198.
Baker chose a black bird type and the two men greeted each other and started the match under the direction of the referee.
As soon as the timing card lit up, Baker's mech took off immediately!
He had originally wanted to go around Lin Yuan's body and then afterward commit a sneak attack. However, with Lin Yuan recalling the battles between Big Prince and Small Prince in the past few days, he has long since become deeply familiar with the characteristics of various types of flying mechs. Inwardly, he had already been quickly thinking through the direction and route of its take-off. After configuring its direction and route, Lin Yuan unceremoniously opened the ion cannon directly in his arm, before aiming - and then firing!
With a resounding bang, Baker's No. 198 mech wings were quickly blown to pieces...
Baker: "......"
Lin Yuan: "......"
Not only did Baker's soul not return back, but Lin Yuan did not react at all.
It was easy to win in the preliminary round yesterday. He thought it was because the level of the preliminary round was too low. But today, when he arrived in the semi-finals, why did he win in less than a minute?
After ten seconds of being killed, Baker's admiration for the squad leader once again grew a level.
As soon as Lin Yuan exited the cockpit, Baker immediately walked over in front of Lin Yuan to give him a thumbs-up: "Squad leader, you're truly too amazing! With your level, you can certainly advance to the finals, ah! Come on, represent our beta and bring us honor, ah!"
Lin Yuan smiled at him feeling somewhat embarrassed and then started the next match.
What makes Lin Yuan even more surprised is that in the next few matches, in almost all of them the battles were resolved within ten minutes. The angle of his shot is incomparably precise, he almost never misses his target. Whether it be catching loopholes, counterattacks, sudden assaults, or sneak attacks, each time he is able to succeed.
Lin Yuan won nine matches in a row and finally aroused some interest from the groups of opponents.
——No. 77, the first-year student from mech command department who likes to use humanoid mechs is actually a beta?
- That beta is too fierce, I still have not fully reacted to how I lost!
——Everyone in this competition, when you face No. 77 in a match, one must, by all means, be careful, that beta is super-ferocious!
Lin Yuan is the name of the beta monster that spread all throughout the school in a single day.
In the afternoon of the same day, there was such a post on the forum inside the school -
"Who said that betas are not sharp, take a look at our command department, our squad leader is the sharpest!"
This provocative and hostile post is undoubtedly a
pig teammate
- a classmate like Baker is an expert at inciting hostility.
(
TN
: I've seen this in other novels, but from what I remember it's just a videogame terminology for a teammate who ends up working against the team. So while Baker is their classmate, his post is going to have a negative impact.)
Baker excitedly wrote of Lin Yuan's victorious and brilliant record of today's first round in the preliminary and semi-final matches in the forum post. In passing, the squad leader of the classroom gained many points of popularity. Within a few short hours, he gained a lot of beta adoration and a lot of alpha hatred.
With more and more replies appearing, this post quickly became one of the top ten hot topics of the day.
When Lin Yuan went to the dining hall to have dinner, there were actually a good number of several bold beta senior girls who came to him to see the new hot and buzzing attraction. They spontaneously took the initiative to find Lin Yuan and asked their junior schoolmate out to eat, and conveniently exchange some tips on mech piloting.
——The group of older schoolgirls looked over at Lin Yuan with a meaningful stare and in the end, made Caesar be in an extremely bad mood.
——The scene of Lin Yuan's being surrounded by a group of people as some spectacle even further ignited the fury in Caesar in an instant.
Caesar remained calm and collected as he made his way into the crowd, and reached out his hand to embrace Lin Yuan's shoulder. He smiled and rather elegantly said, "Sorry to be of inconvenience senior sisters, I have an appointment with Lin Yuan tonight for training, there is no more time for you to further accompany him. Next time I will treat you to dinner."
Just as he had finished speaking, he quickly grasped Lin Yuan's shoulder and took Lin Yuan out of the crowd.
Lin Yuan: "......eh?"
When did you make an appointment for training? Didn't you say that today would be our day off?
Lin Yuan was forcefully dragged away by Caesar, but there was still no response as to what this was all about.
From the bottom of his heart, Caesar cursed the "pig teammate" Baker a hundred times.
You are gaining a lot of popularity this way, aren't you? This popularity is also given to Lin Yuan and attracting a horde of
peach blossoms
......
(
TN
: Love interests... Is someone perhaps a bit jealous?)
Although Lin Yuan doesn't understand what's going on with Caesar, he does understand that Caesar had come to rescue him from being surrounded in the middle of a crowd of unfamiliar schoolgirls, Lin Yuan nonetheless was very happy. He's not bothered about Caesar lying about making plans, he immediately followed after Caesar to return to their dorm room.
With the dust finally settling after the first day's competition, Lin Yuan went to the bathroom and soaked in a nice hot bath to relax his tense mind. After coming out of the bathroom, he habitually took the medicine from the drawer and took it with a swig of lukewarm water, only to see Hobby was restlessly waiting alongside him, his mouth salivating.
Lin Yuan smiled and put the medicine carefully back in the drawer. He lifted up Hobby and held him as he said, "Are you hungry again, ah?"
Hobby immediately nodded his head with all his might.
Lin Yuan has been training very late every day for the past few days. He often forgets to feed Hobby. Fortunately, Hobby is very smart. He can go to the refrigerator to feed himself, contrary to what one would expect, it was very unlikely that he would let himself be starved.
In any case, he is not planning on training tonight so Lin Yuan held Hobby in his arms and brought him into the dining hall to feed him personally.
When Snow came back, he caught sight of Lin Yuan right in the middle of feeding his housepet, he walked to the dining hall to sit down and touch Hobby's ear and asked: "How was the result of the semi-finals today?"
Lin Yuan said with a smile: "Not bad, I've won all of my matches in the semi-final!"
"All wins?" Snow said with astonishment. "The level of players who can enter the semi-finals are not at all low. There are still many brother and sister seniors who are masters of the mech control system. If you can win against them all, then you're seriously amazing."
As Snow said so, Lin Yuan's heart began to feel a bit strange.
Throughout the entire month, he had been constantly studying the notes that the mysterious master had left for him closely and for innumerable times, they were really helpful. Coupled with this month's repeated observations and discussions with Master Small Prince and Big Prince on the Internet, Lin Yuan began to sense his own level noticeably growing.
It was just the result of today's competition, but it still made him somewhat surprised.
Originally he thought that there would be a series of twists and turns one after another, but he did not expect that it would go so smoothly with him winning all of his matches.
- It is no wonder that Lin Yuan can't figure it out.
Of the people who came to practice with him this month, one is Marshal Rosen who is the commander of the three armed military forces, and the other is the Empire's, Prince Caesar. These two are the owners of S-class mechs. How could Lin Yuan who was under their tutelage as their apprentice be weak?
Lin Yuan is talking to the top tier experts of the Empire every day!
The techniques and awareness he developed in training were all a top-notch level in the Empire!
When he ran across a slightly more ordinary master in school, it was an immediate one-minute quick kill tempo......
No way, his starting point was too high.
Of course, Lin Yuan, who knows nothing about this, can only attribute this to -
"Probably my luck is better?"
Lin Yuan smiled and quizzically scratched his head: "There were 8 groups in the semi-final. I was randomly assigned to the A1 group. The players in the A1 group didn't seem to be particularly strong, so I won it relatively more easily. It's possible that a lot of the experts were put into other groups. Caesar's group had a lot of strong people, I heard that there were two third-year seniors from the mech control department. "
Snow, as far as the mech competition is concerned, does not especially understand it. After listening to Lin Yuan's explanation, he just nodded along and said: "In any case, you could easily take the first group in the semi-final, shouldn't the final ought to be relatively easier?"
"Yes, that should be right!" Lin Yuan said excitedly. "The final is a knockout competition in accordance with the results earned during the semi-final. The first place in the A1 group is faced against the fourth place in the B1 group. Caesar is the first in the B1 group. I am the first in the A1 group. I don't have to immediately face him!"
- In Lin Yuan's heart, Caesar is a true master.
Lin Yuan regarding Caesar's level is far too understanding, it because of his understanding that Lin Yuan is aware of just how scary Caesar is.
The scary part of Caesar is not only his super fast hand speed and his clean and neat technique but also his mental calmness. Regardless of the circumstances, Caesar can calmly grasp the situation and make the most accurate judgment. In the middle of a real match, this kind of calmness is a very important advantage.
Many of Lin Yuan's techniques were entirely taught to him by Caesar. Lin Yuan also saw with his own eyes that Caesar was able to connect several extremely difficult moves seamlessly together with amazing speed, seeing it in person made him exclaim in admiration.
Lin Yuan did not have any confidence in winning against Caesar.
Since, in the semi-finals he won first place in the A1 group, his opponent in the final will be the fourth place in the B1 group. For the beginning of the knockout competition, he will be staying away from Caesar, Lin Yuan nevertheless rejoices.
Snow exchanged a few more words with Lin Yuan and then went back to the bedroom.
Caesar just happened to be exiting his bedroom when he saw Lin Yuan feeding Hobby. He walked over and stroked Hobby's ear and in a low voice said: "Lin Yuan, tomorrow's match your opponent is the top four players in our group. These players are senior brothers from the mech control department. Even though he is the fourth place, his strength is fairly impressive, you mustn't underestimate the enemy."
Caesar's heartfelt concern makes Lin Yuan feel very warm.
According to reason, everyone was participating in the same competition and should be considered a rival. However, Caesar did not care about this at all and even lent himself for training and shared a lot of his mech piloting techniques. He has been assisting with his training for the past month. On the eve of the finals, he still ran back to encourage him......
This kind of friend is really too loyal.
Lin Yuan couldn't help but look up towards Caesar and show his smile. He spoke with a sincere tone: "I know, I'll be sure to be seriously prepared. Thank you, Caesar, this month if not for you, I don't think I'd even be able to pass the semi-finals."
Facing towards Lin Yuan's grateful gaze, Caesar's heart suddenly became soft and shifted into a muddled and shambled mess.
Caesar gazed at Lin Yuan tenderly. "You don't have to be so polite to me. I hope that you can advance forward to the top ten."
Lin Yuan smiled and said: "I will do my best. I also want to go to the national finals and go see Cepheus."
Hobby, who heard "Cepheus" immediately shrank back his body in fear and buried his face in his wide and large ear.
***
At 9:00 the next morning, the finals of the mech contest finally officially began.
Unlike the semi-finals where the divided groups carried out the matches in the training room, the final is taking place in the school's central gymnasium.
The center gymnasiums floor area is extraordinarily large, so much so that it is enough to accommodate more than 100,000 spectators. The space left empty in the middle is also very vast. It is a place specially dedicated to mech competitions and large-scale program performances.
The 32 contestants who were able to advance to the finals are undoubtedly of the highest leveled students in the school. The difficulty of the finals is naturally a few notches higher than the semi-finals by a few levels. At 8:30 in the morning, the entire gymnasium was surprisingly already packed full, and the cheerleaders who came to cheer on for their classmates even pulled up their written slogan placards on the spot, cheering, with their encouraging shouts resounding throughout the whole audience.
Snow came to see the competition. Of course, he wanted to see how Lin Yuan did. Brian was his number one bum beetle and naturally wanted to follow Snow. The two had come to the venue quite early in order to find a good view and the right place to sit down.
At 9 o'clock, the competition officially started.
The first event is a brief final opening ceremony, the 32 finalists who entered the final round took turns in piloting their respective mechs onto the playing field. Humanoids, birds, snakes, wolves, dragons, spiders...... various colors, and various shapes of mechs were neatly arranged in the huge open space of the central gymnasium. The audience's blood was racing, their applause and cheers thundered through the heavens!
In the large radio announcement, the masters of each mech are introduced one by one.
Then it became time for No. 77 to be introduced......
- Contestant No. 77, red humanoid mech pilot, first-year command department, fellow student, Lin Yuan.
When Lin Yuan heard the voice in the announcement, he operated his humanoid mech and courteously waved his hand towards the audience. Without further effort, with a bright flash, its eyes shone like a lantern and seemed to be greeting the whole audience.
He had chosen a red mech today. The entire red mech bathed under sunshine gives the same impression of being encircled in dazzling flames. The rhythmic flashing in its eyes paired with its greeting gave it both a mischevious and a brimming with a confidance look.
The sound of ear-splitting cheers rang out from the audience.
Snow amidst the audience stands was a little surprised as he said: "Is Lin Yuan's popularity that high?"
Brian touched his nose and moved up to Snow's ear and said: "Only 6 of the 32 players who entered the school finals are beta. Lin Yuan took the lead in his group and scored the best among the beta. Naturally, he will get a lot of support from the betas."
Snow nodded and said faintly: "Oh. No wonder why when Lin Yuan entered the arena the cheers were so loud, those alphas are always so aloof and out of touch with reality, thinking that everyone else is beneath them, they should let this beta Lin Yuan give them a proper lesson and a beating."
"......" Brian a bit bewilderedly asked: "Do you...... hate alpha, ah?"
Why is it that every time he speaks of alphas he uses this kind of disdainful and contempt ridden tone?
Snow spoke frostily: "You don't mean to tell me that what I say is wrong, do you? All alphas think that their genes are superior, betas and omegas lack any consideration in their eyes, especially since some alpha chauvinistic pigs even consider omega as their own personal plaything to be locked up at home. They only think of omegas as no more than a birthing machine...... Forget it, I don't feel like speaking about them anymore."
Snow's tone is full of disgust as if just mentioning alphas is an insult to his mouth.
Brian was silent for a moment before he no longer was able to resign himself to this, he covertly moved his hand to reside on Snow's hand. In order to hear what he wanted, he spoke accordingly: "Not all alphas are like that. I am also an alpha...... Do you see me like that? "
Snow stared blankly for a second and wanted to take back his hand, only to find that Brian had a tighter grip.
Turning his head to meet with his fawning and expectant gaze, Snow's heart inexplicably grew soft, with a stiff tone, he said: "You..... You're not like them."
Brian's pair of eyes lit up. "Where am I not like them?"
Snow thought for a long time and finally came to the conclusion, "You are the one I chose, naturally you are different from those of the alpha chauvinistic pigs."
Brian: "..............."
Although there is no word in this sentence that praises Brian, rather only in his own perspective was there any praise. Nonetheless, Brian is quite happy to be a special presence in Snow's heart that is "different from those other alphas"!
***
Just at that time, the audience suddenly burst into a peal of enthusiastic applause, the match had already officially begun.
Such a large space was divided into four fields, East, West, South, and North. The match between the A1 and B1 groups is on the eastern field. The match carries out a scoring system, each attack against an opponent follows a deduction of 1 point, 11 points is the cut-off. The first to reach 11 points will advance to the next round.Groups A1 vs. B1, first match.
No. 77 humanoid mech, the pilot Lin Yuan is playing against No. 299 wolf-type mech, pilot Danny.
Because it is an unfamiliar opponent, the depths of his strength is simply unknown. Lin Yuan follows the principle of what the mysterious master said - calmly brake, in the beginning, immediately assume a defensive stance.
Danny is a third-year contestant from the mech command department. He obviously underestimated the ability of this first-year beta junior brother. When the match started, he rushed over aggressively with a gray wolf mech.
The sprint speed of the wolf's mech was practically as fast as a tornado. The light cannon contained in the mouth is aimed straight towards the abdomen of the humanoid mech, ready to attack. A pair of claws adorned with sharp electromagnetic blades are simultaneously turned on. As the claws are advancing towards the humanoid mech's neck, they are suddenly grabbed and thrown off course
Such a fierce offensive approach directly caused the audience to break out in an explosion of applause!
Lin Yuan is surprisingly not nervous at all, calmly calculating the distance between the two of them and began to quickly drawback!
*
The two people pursue and attack one another, one falls back, quickly retreating to the edge of the arena. Seeing that the humanoid mech could no longer retreat, the gray wolf mech drew his sword and nearly chopped off the humanoid mech's neck- but in a split-second, Lin Yuan unexpectedly maneuvered into a flip 18 degrees to the side. The sharp blade was precisely evaded along with the simultaneous artillery shell attack. The humanoid mech then lifted up its right foot and opened the electromagnetic gear hidden in its toe, and directly swung its leg towards the other's abdomen!
(
TN
: This whole paragraph gave me a huge headache since the author never really specified who was who during any of this so I am taking the opportunity to throw in exactly who is who during all of this lol.)
With a loud roaring bang, the wolf-type mech that was given a powerful kick to the abdomen was immediately thrown back!
The red indicator light on top of the wolf-type mechs head immediately lit up. The judging panel on the large central screen had simultaneously given the score of 1:0!
Lin Yuan, who was in a defensive position, actually got the first point!
At such a scene, the audience was suddenly dumbstruck...
It was plainly obvious that the No. 299 wolf-type armor was aggressively rushing over and the humanoid mech was continuously retreating back. They all looked on as a strike was about to hit its neck, but inexplicably, in the end, rather, it was No. 77 that received the point?
How did he hit his opponent's weak point, the audience could barely see everything clearly...
No .77's movements were really too fast and the transition of the situation was done almost in the blink of an eye!
The following matches were wholly following the rhythm of Lin Yuan.
Danny suffered through lots of embarrassing losses in the face of his first-year junior schoolmate, his heart began to suffer feelings of indignation and his attacks began to increase in violence. But oddly enough, each time he tries to launch an attack first, Lin Yuan always seems to be able to continuously defend, every time the score goes to Lin Yuan.
1:0...... 3:0...... 7:2...... 11:3.
Lin Yuan won this match with a score of 11:3.
Soon, the competitions of several other arenas were over. The broadcast began to announce the results -
"No. 77 Lin Yuan, successfully advanced to the next round."
"No. 65 Caesar, successfully advanced to the next round."
"No. 198 Will..."
The top 16 promotion will proceed to fight in the second round of the competition.
The second round was once again a single match knockout competition. Lin Yuan was faced against the victor of the B2 group, Will, piloting a black bird.
With precise operation, no arrogance nor a hot-temper in his mentality, a quick reaction ability...... The red humanoid mech operated by Lin Yuan runs across the playing field, it's nimbleness and agility simply resembles that of a vigorous human. The audience only sees a burst of a red whirlwind dash in front of them leaving behind a heady blast of wind, leaping, turning, raising a weapon, and bringing the blade down - the connection between these difficult movements is truly too beautiful!
Once again, he effortlessly won this match with a score of 11:5. The applause from the audience almost collapsed the roof!
- Lin Yuan, from the command department is a first-year young beta, he looks to be just like a valiant dark horse that completely unexpectedly made an appearance. He actually stormed right through the semi-finals in the school-wide mech competition of St. Romia Military Academy!
How inconceivable is this?! The audience is practically stunned!
The top eight together with the ninth and tenth place acting as substitutes in case of injuries can represent the school to participate in the national finals. The following top eight knockout competition is actually of little significance. The only difference that it makes is the amount of the scholarship given by the school and the final trophy cup, nothing more.
However, Lin Yuan did not let himself relax as a result. In the afternoon of the quarter-finals knockout competition, he was still earnestly fighting just as concentrated as before.
In the end, everyone who had looked upon Lin Yuan had been shocked until their eyes became lifeless, he had murdered his way into the finals to ultimately take second-place!
As a first-year beta, among all of the difficulties building up all the way to the top, encountering God and killing God, encountering Buddha and killing Buddha. He is simply fierce and unstoppable!
Lin Yuan himself is actually very calm and collected because he still had not fully accepted this result at the moment, his soul has still yet to return.
After advancing to the top eight, he was aware that he could go to Cepheus to participate in the national finals. His manner already began to loosen up. He didn't think too much during the afternoon of the quarter-finals. He just tried to relax his mind and try his hardest and enjoy every match. It was completely out of his expectations...... that it would even be possible for him to go this far.
Standing on top of the podium, Lin Yuan's head was still up amidst the clouds and mist.
......uh, is this finished already?
......what's all this about the runner-up?
Until the moment when Headmaster Belfast personally held the trophy and walked over to confer the award to him, Lin Yuan, whose head was still thoroughly muddled from the competition, finally had his soul returned to him and he humbly received the trophy cup offered to him from the headmaster's hand. Holding the heavy trophy with both hands, he was unsure how to properly hold it.
Belfast smiled and patted Lin Yuan's shoulder. "You are a good person with great moral integrity, on behalf of the school, go to the Cepheus competition and continue to do your best."
Lin Yuan immediately fell into a proper stance and facing the Headmaster, gave him the standard ceremonial military salute: "Understood! Headmaster! "
***
After the game, Lin Yuan held the trophy while returning back to the dorm together with Caesar.
The trophy of the runner-up is silver, and Caesar's first-place trophy is gold. Lin Yuan has been studying the trophy in his hand all along the way. The trophy is shaped like a flying eagle, and the sculpture is highly realistic. The school's emblem is also marked on the pedestal.
Lin Yuan said excitedly: "I didn't expect this at all, I actually got second place......"
In fact, when Lin Yuan finally faced Caesar in the final, if Caesar relaxed even a little, Lin Yuan could have definitely won the championship.
Caesar did not expect this little guy to go through and temper himself these two days of competition, he actually improved so quickly that he can now draw a tie against him. At this point, Caesar immediately raised his vigilance and dealt with it seriously. He finally won the match with a score of 11:9.
It's not that Caesar doesn't want Lin Yuan to win this championship, but he knows that if Lin Yuan wins the title as a beta, this unforeseen situation in all of history would definitely incite a lot of alpha resentment. Later on in the school, Lin Yuan would be in an extremely difficult situation.
It is easy to dodge a spear in the open, but hard to avoid a stab in the dark. An excess of the limelight does not bid well.
So as a result, Caesar won this championship, since it is still necessary to keep the masses under control.
If it is said that the shot hits the bird that pokes its head out, then those in the higher years who are not convinced by the results of their senior brothers and sisters can go straight ahead and come to me with their anger.
Looking back at Lin Yuan and seeing him look down with a trophy and studying it carefully, Caesar's heart couldn't help but soften.
Such an outstanding guy, but because he is a beta, he cannot give off a true lustrous brilliance. Because his family background is too ordinary, he must always be careful and to be on guard against everything...... This world is just too unfair to betas and omegas.
- Fortunately, I am here.
- I will do everything in my capability to protect you. Here in the thickets of thorns of the military, I will be your most solid backing.
Caesar suddenly stopped and said, "Lin Yuan."
Lin Yuan, who was still carefully studying the trophy, stopped him in his tracks and looked back at Caesar. He said quizzically: "What is it?"
Caesar smiled and extended his hand outwards. "Come, congratulations, we finally both received a trophy, we can go together to the national finals competition to cheer on each other."
Lin Yuan also smiled as he reached out his hand to shake hands with Caesar. "Let's cheer on each other!"
When night fell, the synthetic stars above the vast celestial body cast warm light and created a shadow of the hands of the two teenagers closely woven together. Lin Yuan's eyes were filled with excitement and joy. In Caesar's gaze, nevertheless, his obliviousness did not change the feelings of friendship and tenderness.
The author has something to say: Last night the number digit was tired to the point of dropping down in the middle of the night.......
Fortunately, the first big volume [Military Academy] finally ended successfully, and the next chapter opened a new volume [Cepheus]
Please continue to support it~ ~
Band together to Xiao Yuan and Snow to demand hugs! Seeking encouragement!
As for BriBri and the Small Prince, these two bum beetles do not need encouragement and will automatically follow closely! Rich Chinese
(TN: Ah, such a bad headache, but there is no such thing as rest during translating! Next one will be out ASAP.)
Volume II: Cepheus
Chapter 039: Departure
Following the major mech competition, the military training examinations go on as planned. As far as those who earnestly participated in their training, those people had absolutely no trouble passing through. This exams passing rate of the new students had reached 100%. Originally after passing the exams, they should have still been formally attending classes, however, this year coincidently coincides with the 600th anniversary of the Lacey Empire. The capital of the constellation of Cepheus is about to hold a large-scale celebration. All human-inhabited planets within the imperial regime are on a vacation for 10 days.
A full 10-day vacation is undoubtedly a rare opportunity for students to relax. Many students can just go home to see their parents or amuse themselves by traveling to other regions.
However, for Lin Yuan and Caesar, every minute of the 10-day vacation has become extremely valuable.
- Because they must go to the capital of the constellation of Cepheus to undergo pre-match training.
Unlike the single-player matches held in the school, the national finals are all group-based team competitions, divided into an obstacle course,
stress competition
, tactical competition, and as well as the final group showdown. Each event has its own grading criteria. The team competitions not only have extremely strict requirements on the individual ability of each player but it also pays attention to the teamwork between the groups. There is an additional stipulation from the Mech Association that all of the competing schools go to the capital star for training three days prior to the competition.
(
TN
: Word for word what it said, I even asked an undoubtedly more proficient translator than myself (I love her translation of Seizing Dreams, I'm still fangirling about that) and alas no clue what kind of competition this is lol. Lord Google offered me nothing, if it's ever mentioned again with more detail I'll come back and change the name.)
The military instructor who will lead the group to Cepheus is currently Lieutenant Colonel Knox.
On February 27th, Lieutenant Colonel Knox summoned the top ten students to convene together. He spoke seriously: "The National Finals is a school-based group competition. Everyone bear in mind that from here on out, all of you act as one unit, honor is won together and failure is lost together! Our school has won the title of champion in the National Finals for four consecutive years. This year's championship trophy must not be lost! I hope that you can trust each other and cooperate together to display the best talent in our school! "
Everyone immediately earnestly replied back: "Understood! Instructor!"
Knox nodded. "Tomorrow morning, at 7:00 on the dot, We will convene at the school gate. I will be taking you to the final competition at the capital star for the three-day match pre-training. I'm sure by now you're thoroughly aware of the rules and regulations of the competition. After arriving in the capital star, your meals and accommodations are all taken care of by the Mech Association. If you want to meet any friends in private or go to other places to mess around, you must request a leave of absence from me."
Knox paused for a moment and with a penetrating gaze looked at the faces of the ten students one by one: "Does everyone understand that?"
Everyone immediately replied with bright voices: "We understand, Instructor!"
***
Walking back to the dormitory, Lin Yuan felt somewhat suspicious and asked: "Caesar, was the master who guided me before senior Leo?"
Just recently during training, Lin Yuan carefully observed and compared each of the top ten students for a bit. There are a total of three people that are third-years in the control department, two boys and one girl. Among them, there is Ace who is a boy with a surprisingly soft voice and another boy named Leo's whose voice is somewhat deep and low. Lin Yuan and the mysterious master only talked through the mech each time they met, so in the end, it was impossible to determine what the other party's true voice was.
From everything he has to go on, only senior Leo is suitable.
Strangely enough, Leo seemed like he didn't recognize his appearance? Lin Yuan even took the initiative to smile at him, but he unexpectantly remained indifferent?
Caesar turned his head and looked at Lin Yuan with a completely bewildered gaze, he couldn't help but smile as he explained: "It's not Leo. Don't start being so anxious, that master didn't participate in the competition. He lives in the capital of the constellation of Cepheus, he'll be waiting upon us. When we arrive at the capital, he will treat you to dinner."
Lin Yuan excitedly nodded. "Oh, so it turned out to be like this!"
It's no wonder that the competition overall felt a bit off. The mysterious master is so powerful, but he never saw a player with such a high level on the playing field. So as it turned out, he didn't compete. Otherwise, the champion title would have certainly been his.
After coming around to this idea, Lin Yuan no longer felt confused. After returning to the dormitory, he immediately went back to his bedroom to bathe.
***
Inside the living room, Brian turns on the ultra-high resolution big screen TV to watch a soap opera, this time watching a science-fiction themed one. It was mainly about various clones and with them, feeling resentment and animosity. Caesar went to sit next to him and asked: "I'm setting off with Lin Yuan tomorrow morning to go to the capital star. What arrangements do you have for the ten-day vacation?"
Brian said: "I will also be going back to the capital star tomorrow. I will be celebrating my grandfather's 200th birthday for two days. Everyone in the Bayh family has to be present."
For Mr. Aston's grand 200th birthday celebration, not only does everyone in the Bayh household have to show up, but even the royal family sends congratulatory gifts.
Caesar's royal uncle, Berg, married Mr. Aston's youngest son, Drew, who in turn gave birth to his only son, Brian. The imperial family and the Bayh family have had close relations with one another prior to receiving connections through the event of marriage bringing them together. It was also because Mr. Aston is looked upon in the empire as a mech master reckoned to be the first or second best. His prestige in the entire empire even surpasses certain military
generalissimos
.
(
TN
: Commanders of more than one military unit, the real big-wig generals lol. I also just thought this word looked interesting so I used it.)
His Majesty, Prince Caesar, and Marshal Rosen's S-class mechs were all made by him. His own flesh and blood son, General Drew's mech, was completely ignored. The old gentleman's temperament is very eccentric, he only gives mechs to those who are pleasing to his eye. Even at an elderly two hundred years old, he is still just as in glowing spirits immersed in researching parts all day as he was before. He hadn't taken a lot of disciples but each and every one of them ended up as a master......
Such a respectable person of virtue and prestige from an older-generation celebrating a birthday, as one can well imagine when that moment comes, the occasion will be sure to be bustling with noise and excitement.
Right as the two are chatting, Snow also comes back.
Brian hurridly got up and walked over to him and asked, "Snow, how do you plan to spend these ten days?"
Snow said flatly: "There is nothing planned."
Brian puzzledly scratched his head. "I am going to return to my home, I may be unable to keep you company."
Snow said: "It doesn't matter."
After he finished speaking, he turned around to return to his bedroom and closed the door to take a bath, keeping to himself.
Brian felt somewhat lost and went back to the sofa to sit down. He turned his head and turned to Caesar and said: "Actually, I really want to take Snow to the capital star to hang out for a few days, but, since my grandfather's grand birthday celebration is happening, my relatives like my uncle and aunt all have to go back to the capital star. If by chance I was seen together with Snow, it would be unfavorable for him......"
Caesar completely understood Brian's distress and nodded as he said, "You are right to go without him. After all, your current relationship is not suitable for you to lay all of your cards on the table, the Bayh family is completely gathered, in this case, you would certainly be asking for trouble if you took him."
Brian was silent for a moment, "But, you are going together with Lin Yuan to participate in the competition and I will also be going to the capital star. We are all leaving. Wouldn't that just be leaving him all alone in the dormitory?"
It goes without saying that Snow had no friends with his indifferent and cold personality. If his roommates were all gone, he would be the only one left behind. Thinking of him staying all alone in a deserted room for a whole ten days with not even a person who would accompany him and chat, Brian felt very distressed.
Caesar suggested: "Wouldn't it be better to book a tour group for him and let him choose a place to have fun in for a few days?"
Brian thought about it: "I'll ask him if he wants to go anywhere."
Brian got up and went up to Snow's bedroom and he knocked to open the door and went in.
Snow quizzically asked: "What? Aren't you going home tomorrow? Shouldn't you be packing your bags?"
Brian suddenly took a step forward and embraced Snow tightly. He rests his chin on Snow's shoulder and begins to lightly rub his chin against him. He lowers his voice as he speaks: "I am going home soon, I can't see you for a whole ten days..."
Snow: "......"
This Alpha's fawning actions and gentle tone can always quickly strike Snow's weak spot.
Snow's body was stiff for a moment, he hesitantly reached out to placate Brian by rather softly stroking his head and saying softly: "Ten days and nothing more, don't worry."
Brian deeply inhaled, Snow's faintly cold smell was particularly nice to sniff at, he was very reluctant to let go.
After holding him tightly for a while, Brian was finally was able to let go of Snow and look at him earnestly as he said: "I have a VIP membership card from the Central Travel Agency, I can help you custom-order a nice travel route. There are ten days for you to go out and have fun, do you have a place that you want to go?"
Snow said: "No need, I will just use this vacation time to experiment. "
Brian immediately began to frown as he said: "After so many difficulties we finally get to have a vacation, what is this experiment you're doing, ah?"
Snow said: "The design of senior Shirley's graduation project has finally reached the last few stages. I am her personal assistant. I will be staying these last few days to lend her a helping hand."
Hearing Shirley's name, Brian's face immediately turned black. "It's that senior girl again, don't stay with her all day!"
There was a distinctly strong smell of
vinegar
in the air.
(
TN
: Someone's jealous again~ What's up with these Alphas and chugging vinegar all the time?)
Snow hurriedly said: "I have nothing to do with her."
Brian's face still looked out of sorts. "She looks at you with an obviously abnormal gaze, she must definitely be interested in you! For what other reason would she have you be her assistant? You are only a first-year and you only just recently entered school. Trying to find an assistant to do experiments and she doesn't try to find a second-year student, but instead calls upon you? Is this not an attempt or what? For a full ten days, she actually lets you stay alone with her for experimentation?!"
Brian's two eyes are already burning with anger
Snow felt somewhat regretful for pulling senior Shirley out as a
shield
. This shield is completely useless and only brings out adverse effects.
(
TN
: Using poor Shirley as an excuse...)
......how should I calm an alpha down when he is angry?
Snow gave it a thought, didn't the last time when he kissed him seem to work out well?
So Snow stood up on his tiptoes and gently kissed Brian's lips, interrupting Brian's wrathful interrogation.
Brian: "....................."
The thoughtless words that he wanted to say without thinking were blocked by Snow's kiss and the soft, cool touch on his lips was fleeting as if it were only but an illusion flashing through his dazzled mind.
Brian blanked out for a second and immediately hugged Snow's waist and firmly kissed back!
"
Wu
......"
(
TN
: Interjection of surprise.)
Last time, wasn't the kiss nice and fast? Why was this storyline not right......
Snow hurriedly pushed him as hard as he could, but he was tightly embraced by both of Brian's hands.
The superiority of the Alpha's physical strength made Snow's struggle become completely futile. Brian's dexterous tongue seized the opportunity to pry open his jaw, immediately exploring the inside of Snow's mouth. After frantically sucking and wrapping Snow's tongue around him the kiss wildly began to pick up in heat.
Snow stiffly stretched his back taut.
Inside his mouth, he feels greatly affected by their combination of saliva and the nimble actions of the Alpha's tongue. Under the tyrannical ministrations and such fierce friction, the back his spine suddenly picks up a trace of a subtle desire, powerful enough to make him tremble, which then goes along his peripheral nerves and directly charges into his brain.
With the kiss of the Alpha, his whole body was toyed with and grew weak. Snow even found himself having to swallow the other party's saliva.
"Mmm...ngh...mmm...mmm..."
Brian kissed even more enthusiastically and in addition the technique of this guy's motions and kissing are significantly more than
X
times better than last time.
(
TN
: The exact number was left out for some reason? There was just the letter n there so just use your imagination.)
The effect of Snow's homemade inhibitors is still in the verification stage. During this time, close contact with Brian has been avoided. Today's deep kiss makes the Omega pheromones in the body start to fluctuate again!
Brian's frantic French kiss made Snow go almost completely soft in his arms.
- I did not expect that my own pacifying action would actually stir up a fire in the upper body.
It wasn't until Brian finally emptied out all of his desire that he ended his kiss and withdrew back from Snow's mouth. Snow was holding onto his last bit of strength, tightly clenching his fist, gasping for breath and looked at him: "......are you satisfied now? "
Slightly blushing face, moist lips, and his blue eyes are lightly covered with a film of glistening water. As he looks up and attempts to feign a cold and indifferent gaze at me, it is simply the ultimate temptation......
Brian took a deep breath and painstakingly kept his intense urges under control. He smiled and said, "Okay, I believe that you have nothing to do with Shirley. But, do you really have to experiment with her for ten days?"
Snow is faintly said: "I only came towards the end of the experiment, I'm only giving a senior sister a helping hand, nothing more." Snow paused and added: "In addition to me, there are two second-year assistants...... Don't think too much."
Brian finally let go of his worries, "That's good, I am going to pack my bags now, wait for me to return!"
After he finished talking, he also moved closer and tenderly kissed Snow's forehead, he then perfectly contented, turned around and left.
Finally, Brian was sent away. Snow sat back next to his desk and drank half a glass of cold water from the top of the table.
His heartbeat was a little bit out of control, his entire body started to heat up, and some parts of his lower body even reacted......
This kind of situation is not very optimistic.
Snow took a deep breath and whispered: "Night Snow."
The silver mech inside his necklace space button immediately turned into a fully humanoid model and stationed itself right in front of Snow, calmly saying: "Here, Master."
After a moment of silence, Snow said, "......can I trust you?"
Night Snow cooly said: "Master, when I was finished, Brian's first order issued to my smart center, that was, to the master named Snow...... eternal loyalty."
Snow: "......"
Eternal loyalty to Snow?
Is this the first order that Brian gave to this mech?
Snow didn't know what to say at the moment. Not long ago, Brian had carefully put the mech space button into the palm of his hand, now there was a kind of indescribable warmth in his heart.
That whipped guy......
Sometimes he was quite foolish, but he is truly good towards him......
Night Snow's tone suddenly became gentle. "Master, don't worry, as your mech, I will always be loyal to you and only loyal to you...... even if it is my creator Brian, I am not qualified to betray you."
Snow was silent for a long time, before finally reaching out his hand towards the mech.
Night Snow's eyes flashed and also reached out its hand and gently placed Snow's hand in the palm of its own hand.
This kind of formal agreement between the master and the mech finally let Snow fully let his guard down and open his heart.
Although mechs do possess intelligence, when all is said and done they are still machines, there are so many unpredictable thoughts in human beings, let alone what kind of emotions may affect them. Night Snow was just a recently completed mech and its memory is still in a blank period. As long as the newly created mech reaches an agreement with their master, they will be dead-set loyal towards them.
Snow still can't completely believe in human beings. He can only believe in his own mech.
Thinking of this, Snow whispered: "Night Snow, I want to tell you a secret, you are not allowed to tell it to anyone."
Night Snow nodded: "Understood, Master."
Snow said: " I am actually an Omega."
Night Snow said: "I knew, Master."
Snow: "......"
It really didn't have a strong reaction, probably because it was not fully aware of the seriousness of an Omega being mixed into a military school.
Snow paused. "First, you help me detect the concentration of Omega
X
pheromone in my bloodstream."
(
TN
: Censoring everywhere! Baidu said that this certain 'j口j' censor meant harmonious, but that's likely just a euphemism for lust or sexual desire.)
Snow stretched out his arm and immediately put his finger on the needle in Night Snow's detector and took a drop of blood for data analysis, and soon announced the final results, "Master, the pheromone value in your body is 7.0mg / L."
7.0mg / L......
The pheromones in Omegas will fluctuate slightly with changes in mood and physiological state. The normal concentration of pheromones in an adult Omega's blood will fall between 7.0 and 9.0. After reaching 7.0, omega pheromone will present itself on the body through scent, reaching more than 9.0 will signal the start of their estrus period.
Snow had also sneaked his blood into the laboratory yesterday. The pheromone concentration was 0.1, which was almost negligible. That is because the utility of the omega inhibitor reduced the pheromone in the omega body indefinitely.
However, today it suddenly reached a concentration of 7.0.
In addition to the influence of Brian's French kissing, there is another reason - it is pretty clear that the inhibitors injections are as unstable and unreliable as the previous ones, after encountering Alpha contact, especially intimate contact, the inhibitor in his body actually immediately collapsed.
Fortunately, Snow had added a lot of ingredients to cover up the smell and did not cause Brian's to detect anything, otherwise, the situation just now... would have absolutely gotten out of control!
Snow took a deep breath and took an injection from the drawer and injected it into the blood vessels of the arm. After waiting for about five minutes, Snow let Night Snow re-test, and the newly measured value quickly dropped to 0.1.
- This kind of method could no longer be used.
There are tens of thousands of Alphas in this school. Snow can't avoid all of the Alphas all the time. Even if you walk on the road and pass an Alpha, the smell of the pheromone from the other party will also affect the effectiveness of the inhibitor in his body. The replacement of several ingredients in the process of making these inhibitors has made the effect of the drug decrease. To make the best inhibitor, you must still have to buy and use banned drugs in the formula.
Snow calmly considered for a moment before he finally got up and walked up to his closet and took out the safe hidden inside of the closet.
He takes out a small box of nerve anesthetic, a sharp electromagnetic knife, a set of clothes that look ordinary but it actually had a large pocket hidden in its sleeve, and as well as a pair of black leather boots from the safe.
Snow rapidly puts on the skintight clothes and the leather boots, he hides the needles of the nerve anesthetic in his sleeves and the knife was hidden in the secret pocket under a zipper on the side of his leather boot. He then said: "Night Snow, return back to the space button."
Night Snow immediately obeyed the order and returned to the necklace on Snow's neck.
Snow took out an ID card and a spaceship ticket from the drawer, stuffed it into his bag, then switched off this bedroom lights, pretending that he was already asleep, and then quietly spoke to Night Snow-
"Wait for them to all to fall asleep, we will then leave immediately."
The light gold handwriting on the spacecraft's ticket flashed with a faint fluorescence in the dark of the night, which is the unique design element that will naturally be on the VIP Spacecraft's Supreme ticket.
The two lines of words gradually became clear in front of them......
Terminal: the capital of the constellation of Cepheus, Sheffield.
Departure time:
February 28
, 2:30 a.m..
(
TN
: Just a lil' reminder that it is currently the 27th as of now~)
***
In the bedroom next door, Lin Yuan is lying in the bathtub and soaking in a hot bath, while he also excitedly thinks about the scenario of their arrival to the capital star and then going to a place to meet up with that mysterious master.
I don't know what sort of person that master will be?
Lin Yuan felt very excited when he thought of seeing his face in person. When that time comes, I must properly express my gratitude to him. Without his guidance and those meticulously copied electronic notes, I would have never improved so fast. I smoothly entered the top ten out of the entire school without a hitch and even got second place.
It would be better to take the initiative to invite him out to dinner......
In any case, the top ten contestants in this competition have been sent out scholarships. The amount of the runner-up, Lin Yuan scholarship, was a very impressive 20,000 crystal coins, this is definitely the largest sum of money he had ever seen in writing from his childhood to now as a first-year student!
After he finished up taking his bath, he came out of the bathroom and habitually opened up the locked drawer. Lin Yuan took out the small box of medicine and ate a piece for the day.
Just then, there was a sudden knock on the door.
Lin Yuan put the medicine back in the drawer and opened the door to see Caesar standing outside the entrance.
Lin Yuan inquisitively asked: "What's wrong?"
Caesar gave a slight smile and said: "That mysterious master you have always wanted to see just contacted me a moment ago. He has been quite busy in recent days, but he invited you to meet up with him after the end of the competition next week. He has already booked a place to eat, at that time, come with me and we'll go together."
Lin Yuan immediately said excitedly: "That's great!"
Caesar paused and went on to say: "And my big brother wants to meet you too."
Lin Yuan surprisedly asked: "Your big brother?"
Caesar nodded, "My home is in the capital star, my brother is also a mech fanatic, he grew particularly fond of playing with mechs since he was a child. When he heard that I have a roommate that ended up taking second place, he really wanted to see you. I don't know if you would be inconvenienced?"
Lin Yuan scratched his head and said: "I actually don't have a problem. However, didn't the instructor not say that you need to request a leave of absence if you want to meet with friends privately? To leave without permission when we are training, is that not something truly bad?"
Caesar hurridly said: "It's no problem, I can talk to him about it tomorrow night. After arriving at the capital star tomorrow night, the instructor will arrange for us to check in at the hotel first. The training will begin the day after tomorrow. Tomorrow evening is free time, I'll just happen to be taking you around the capital city to enjoy the nightscape and conveniently he'll invite you to dinner "
Lin Yuan excitedly said:" Well that's good then! I've been invited out to the capital star tomorrow night! I also want to go see the capital stars nightscape! There should be lots of delicious food I haven't eaten before......"
Sure enough, he is always really keen on food.
Looking at Lin Yuan's excited appearance, Caesar's gaze couldn't help but become soft and tender. "No worries, I will take you to eat the specialty dishes of Sheffield Star. You should pack your bags first, get everything sorted out and go to bed soon since we still have to get up early tomorrow morning."
Lin Yuan excitedly nodded and said: "En, goodnight!"
After he turned back to his bedroom, Lin Yuan quickly started packing.
The competing team members need to stay in the capital for one week. This week's accommodation and meals are entirely arranged by the school. Lin Yuan has nothing important to bring, he just casually brings a few changes of clothes and then opens the drawer to bring that bottle of medicine.
When he opens the drawer he only discovers that the drawer was completely empty......
Lin Yuan stayed frozen in place.
......what about my medicine????!!!!
Lin Yuan stared blankly for a moment, thinking that he must have been hallucinating, he took a closer look and found that there was truly nothing in the drawer.
Because of the importance of this medicine, he had been locking the medicine in this drawer and taking a piece daily following his bath. After eating the medicine just then, Caesar had suddenly knocked on the door. Lin Yuan didn't have time to lock the drawer and went straight out to talk to Caesar.
When I came back, the medicine was gone?
What a joke! I definitely just put it back after I finished eating it, ah, how could it suddenly disappear?
Lin Yuan stared doubtfully at the drawer and attentively began to rummage around it, he looked around for a long time but was still unable to even find a trace of the medicine bottle. However, at the edge of the drawer, he discovered a strand of pure white pet hair......
"......Hobby! Give it back to me!"
Lin Yuan turned over his room looking for his housepet.
Wasn't in this room, neither the bathroom, but after opening and pulling apart his closet, it turned out that Hobby was hiding in his wardrobe.
Holding the bottle right in its hand, he was happily immersed in eating the medicine, his mouth chewed incessantly. It was very fragrant and sweet......
Lin was very extremely angry. He immediately grabbed it and snatched the bottle from its hand. With one look, he quickly found himself frozen to the ground where he stood.
This good-for-nothing foodie, in such a short period of time actually finished off the entire bottle of medicine?!
Lin Yuan used all his strength to swat his head. "Hobby! Who told you to steal this? This is not something you can eat!"
......
wuwu
, his owner is very angry.
(
TN
: Crying sounds like boohoo.)
......owner definitely knows that I really hate people patting my head.
Hobby looked up at Lin Yuan feeling a bit aggrieved, his eyes were practically gleaming with tears ready to roll down and begin weeping.
Lin Yuan helplessly had no choice but to grab the large photoelectric tablet and hold it in front of him. His face unsightly as he asked: "Why are you stealing my pills?! What if you receive any number of side effects?"
Hobby bowed his head in confusion and wrote out: "Owner, isn't that candy?"
Lin Yuan: "......"
Hobby continued to write seriously: "I have looked at it carefully. There are no signs on it. There was also no logo labeled on the bottle. If this was medicine, there would have definitely been a logo right? Isn't this the candy that Big Sis' Lin Yao had made for you? Big Sis' Lin Yao has also made this kind of white candy before, it was very delicious."
Lin Yuan: "......"
Habib: "Watching you eat it every day, I also wanted to taste it......"
Lin Yuan: "......"
- Suddenly, in the end, he was a bit confused as to whether he had been keeping a good or bad pet.
It's true that my sister's culinary talent is very good. Our family opened a cake shop on the planet of Rennes. She not only constantly makes various kinds of cakes and pastries, but also makes candies. She can use various raw materials to synthesize different flavors of candy in the store to sell. Sales were always pretty good. When Hobby was at home, he would also often eat the candy made by Lin Yao.
Furthermore, Dr. Fornt's medicine is indeed contained in an inconspicuous bottle of candy. There is no logo whatsoever attached to it on the outside...... No wonder why Hobby had always been impatiently drooling beside him all of those times before. This pet has obviously misunderstood, mistakenly thinking that this is candy that my sister had given me......
Although the mistake was not committed intentionally, the problem still remains that the medicine was eaten by the idiot as if it were candy. If he goes to the capital star to compete in the competition, what should be done in the case that a strange illness manifests?!
The author has something to say:
Author: Little companions, do not give up the treatment, ah!
Snow: I have not given up treatment, but the treatment plan is always wrong......
Lin Yuan: I have been taking my medicine on time, but now my medicine is gone......
Caesar + Brian: We like what we hear and see!
(
TN
: Anything relatively smutty gets censored a fair amount, sometimes I just have to go with my intuition lol.)
Chapter 040: Capital Star
The medicine that Dr. Fornt gave to Lin Yuan was never labeled. The medicine was placed in an inconspicuous bottle that one would commonly put candy in. Then on top of that, back when he was at home, his sister would always be constantly making these kinds of candies. Hobby had mistakenly thought it was candy that Lin Yao made. That glutton had just gone and stole it. Even though Lin Yuan is very angry, but when all is said and done, Hobby did it unintentionally. He cannot be seriously angry towards such a foolish housepet.
Looking at Hobby's drooping head with his weeping eyes gleaming with tears, Lin Yuan ended up beginning to worry.
Will there be any side effects from this little guy eating the medicine? Human and animal constitutions are different. If medicine made for human consumption is eaten by a house pet, even I don't know what kind of consequences will come about.......
The more Lin Yuan thinks about it, the more uneasy he feels. He bluntly grabs Hobby and carries him in his arms, then he immediately turns and goes out the door.
Currently, it was already very late at night and it was raining heavily outside. Holding Hobby in his embrace, Lin Yuan opened up a large umbrella and kept him carefully concealed all the way through the school until he reached the school gate. Arriving at a pet hospital on a street, he placed Hobby on the table. He went straight toward the doctor and anxiously said: "Doctor, could you please give him an examination, he accidentally took my medicine. I don't know if there will be any problems."
The doctor looked at the youth in front of him calmly and asked: "What medicine did your pet eat?"
Lin Yuan thought for a moment and said, "I don't know what the name of the medicine is......"
The doctor no longer asked any more questions. He directly grabbed Hobby's clawed paws and drew a little blood to let the robot assistant next to him do a lab test. Fairly quickly, the robot posted the various data gleaned from the lab test on the screen and the doctor carefully looked it over and said: "Don't worry, there's no problem, as long as the drugs aren't toxic they can be eaten by pets and will not have much of an impact."
Lin saw nothing unusual about Hobby, this calmed him down, feeling relieved, he said: "Thank you, Doctor"
Holding Hobby, he started to make his way back and the rain had started falling harder. Lin Yuan feared that Hobby would become terribly frozen. He began undoing the buttons on his coat and entirely held him in his embrace, using the clothing to carefully wrap him up.
- Hobby withdrew back from the warmth of his owner and felt even more upset.
A few years ago, if the owner had not taken it back from the space station, he would have already frozen to death.
This owner has always been very good to him, feeding him delicious food every day...... Later upon going to the school, he had secretly hidden inside the owner's luggage. After the owner found out, he was also not angry. He even took a risk to bring him along to the school.......
But today, the owner was really angry.
Because he had inadvertently caused a calamity.
He had really thought that the inconspicuous bottle contained the candy made by Big Sis' Lin Yao, so the gluttonous portion of his brain wanted to steal it. Moreover, when he was eating it, it truly tasted just like candy. It was very sweet and delicious, so as a result, he ended up eating a lot......
It was naturally completely outside of his expectations for it to be a very important medication for his owner.
If he had known that it was actually medicine, he would have rather been beaten to death than to go eat it......
The more Hobby thinks about it, the sadder he becomes. He pulls back from Lin Yuan's tight embrace and holds onto the clothing, afraid that he would no longer want him......
By the time Lin Yuan returned to the dormitory, it was already half past one. He put down the umbrella and took off his coat only to discover that on his clothes, the entirety of the area around his chest was wet. Feeling perplexed, he lowered his head and looked down, only to see that Hobby was shrunk back from his embrace, somberly weeping.
In those big eyes, drops of tears continuously flowed out and Lin Yuan stared blankly for a moment.
......This is the first time he has seen a pet that could cry.
Lin Yuan suddenly felt a burst of pity well up in his heart, his original anger has also all but vanished.
Even though Hobby deserved to be punished, in the end, it was not intentional. He also has part of the blame. If he had told him beforehand that it was medicine, he would have never mistaken it for candy and stolen it.
Yuan saw that all this time he had been upset enough to weep. Since his heart had become soft, he felt he had no other choice but to stroke his ear gently. He said in a low voice: "It's okay, I haven't blamed you...... Be good, go to sleep, alright?" Lin Yuan took Hobby in his arms to the side of his bed and made him a small area to nest in before he also went back to his bed to lie down.
Although there is nothing abnormal about his body, Lin Yuan's heart could not help but feel very uneasy.
During this time, I have always been taking my medicine on time, and I have not felt any problems with my body. What did Dr. Fornt actually mean when he said my constitution is different? Would I immediately fall ill without this medicine? Although I don't know anything about medical science, I have never heard of having this sort of a different constitution that requires to be controlled by taking medicine every single day to prevent illness, ah? What the hell is going on here?
It's currently already half past one, and it's not good to disturb Dr. Fornt in the middle of the night...
Lin Yuan is laying down on the bed, tossing and turning, but still doesn't feel the slightest amount of sleepiness.
Hobby had shrunk himself back from the inside of his own nest and was also completely unable to sleep. His heart was filled with self-blame and sadness. He made trouble and harmed his owner. For pets this was simply an unforgivable sin. The owner had become soft-hearted and no longer scolded him about it, but Hobby nevertheless incomparably hated himself.
However, the medicine that has already been eaten cannot be spit out again......
What should I do now?
The owner tossed and turned over in bed and obviously couldn't fall asleep. Is he uncomfortable? Is he sick?
Hobby was terrified that his owner would be met with a mishap. He wanted to go check on him to put himself at ease, in the end, he mustered up all of his courage to secretly climb up on Lin Yuan's bed and then lightly extends his claws to scratch at the palm of his hand.
Lin Yuan felt the furry paws on the palm of his hand and switched on the light. He saw Hobby's eyes gleaming with tears right away and the fur on his face was entirely soaked with tears. Lin Yuan gave him a smile as he stroked his ear. "It's alright, I already said that I don't blame you, yet you still cry."
Hobby immediately shook his head with all his might.
Lin Yuan quizzically handed the photoelectric tablet to him. "What's going on?"
Hobby wrote with concern: "Owner, you need to go quickly see a doctor! Is your body uncomfortable anywhere?"
Actually, Lin Yuan is somewhat hesitant to think about whether he should go see a doctor or not, but he simply didn't feel any abnormalities in his body. Plus, it is already half past one in the wee hours of the morning. He can't simply call upon a doctor in the middle of the night, only to say "I don't feel unwell, just check me out anyways", right? That kind of thing would get him shooed out by the doctor......
Hobby saw his owner's hesitance and immediately typed: "If you don't want to go see a doctor, you can also ask Caesar for help! He has a mech, and that mech can help you examine a blood sample and if any problems arise it can also check it out! "
Lin Yuan thought about it then said: "It's so late, Caesar should asleep by now, right?"
Hobby hurriedly typed out: "He has always gone to bed very late at night, I've previously observed it."
Just as he finished speaking, he vanished like a wisp of smoke.
Fortunately, Caesar never locked the door from the outside when he went to bed. Hobby immediately knocked his head against Caesar's bedroom door to open it.
Caesar had just been talking over with
Wang Xiong
a good location for their meet up. He had just been planning to sleep when he saw a lump of white hair suddenly slamming the door open with its head and rushing straight in with obvious tear marks on his face.
(
TN
: This is Xiwei's princely title.)
Caesar clutched it up in confusion. "What's wrong? Who is bullying you?"
Hobby immediately picked up the tablet in his hand and bowed his head as he wrote: "Your Royal Highness, I did something wrong, I mistook the owner's medicine as candy and ate it all up......"
It was then followed by a row of crying expressions.
Caesar: "......"
Hobby wrote with tears gleaming in his eyes: "What if the owner is sick? You need to quickly go see him, I am afraid he will be met with a mishap......"
- Medicine? What medicine is Lin Yuan taking? Is he sick?
Caesar was very worried. He did not hesitate to pick up Hobby and walked directly to Lin Yuan's bedroom.
When he walked to the bedroom, he saw Lin Yuan half leaning on the headboard. Caesar put Hobby aside, walked slowly over to Lin Yuan's bedside to sit down. Looking at Lin Yuan, he softly asked, "What happened? Hobby said that he ate your medicine. Are you sick? Is it serious?"
Lin Yuan hesitated for a moment, then said: "Actually, I don't know what the medicine is...... I had a serious illness when I was a child. Dr. Fornt, who was our next door neighbor, saved me. Dr. Fornt said that I had a relatively unusual constitution and my immune system is inherently flawed. I have constantly been using this medication to adjust for years." Lin Yuan paused, and somewhat worriedly said: "I don't usually feel unwell, but if I didn't take medicine, my heartbeat speeds up and my whole body becomes feverish...... Hobby thought the medicine I took was candy. I am afraid that something will go wrong on this trip to the Capital Star."
- Without taking any medicine his heartbeat speeds up and his entire body becomes feverish? What is this strange disease?
Caesar has also never once heard of this kind of disease. Seeing Lin Yuan's pale complexion of his face, Caesar couldn't help but feel a burst of distress well up from his heart and hurriedly said: "Don't be worried now, modern medicine is so developed that a majority of diseases can be completely cured. The Imperial Central Hospital over in the Capital Star has some acquaintances I know, when the time comes I will get you a complete examination." Caesar paused."Do you feel uncomfortable anywhere now?"
Lin Yuan shook his head. "Nothing. "
Caesar was silent for a moment, he then opened his mouth and gave out an order: "White Feather, come out and give Lin Yuan a blood test."
White Feather immediately came out of the space button and turned into its white humanoid mech form, it excitedly took a drop of blood from Lin Yuan's vein. The little blood sample was taken in for the examination and analyzed, then the data was quickly brought out neatly arranged in columns. "Master, Master! The results of the lab tests are completely normal and no toxins whatsoever are found in the blood sample! There are no problems in any of the biochemical indicators of liver function and kidney function! While I was at it, I also measured his heart rate, pulse, and respiratory rate and found no problems there either! Lin Yuan is indeed an extraordinarily healthy human! Every bit of data falls within the expected standard!"
Lin Yuan: " ...... "
Caesar helplessly said: "Okay, you can go back. "
The pesky White Feather was put back into the space button, Caesar then took the pure white space button that he wore on his wrist, and handed it over to Lin Yuan.
Lin Yuan lifted his head to look at him in disbelief.
Caesar spoke in a low voice "Let White Feather accompany you so that if any problems arise in your health, it can be there to immediately discover it. White Feather has an automatic function of detecting and analyzing the vital signs of its host."
Lin Yuan: "......"
Among the C-class mechs, to possess this kind of ability is undoubtedly among the finest mech. The selling price of such a mech certainly exceeds more than 500,000 crystal coins. With such a precious mech, Caesar actually handed it over so quickly, Lin Yuan suddenly did not know what he should say.
- For many humans, mechs are more than just their belongings.
- Especially the kind of mech that follows its master for many years, it can be regarded as the master's closest companion.
Caesar surprisingly, without the slightest hesitation, lent White Feather to him and Lin Yuan could not help but feel somewhat moved from the bottom of his heart.
Lin Yuan said nothing for a moment, then said: "You're passing over such a thing...... Can I?"
The passed over thing, White Feather, was actually very happy and shouted: "Lin Yuan quickly accept! I will take very good care of you!"
Caesar suddenly smiled, he gently pulled up Lin Yuan's hand, adjusting the mech space button to fit the size of his wrist, then carefully placing it on his wrist. He softly said: "If you accept beforehand, you will have White Feather to look after you and I can be more at ease."
Lin Yuan: "......"
Seeing Lin Yuan's manner of drooping his head down embarrassed and at a complete loss, Caesar's gaze could not help but become gentle and soft. "Don't worry, tomorrow morning we will leave for the Capital Star. After we arrive, I will immediately take you to the hospital for a comprehensive examination. The Capital Star's medical science level is very high, even if you really have immune system disease, the doctors can give you the corresponding medicine."
Lin Yuan looked at his wrist where the pure white space button was, his heart was overflowing with warmth, but he still does not know what he should say.
Caesar used his hand to give him comforting pats on his back. "Well, lay your worries to rest and go to sleep. We will get up early tomorrow morning."
Lin Yuan silent for a moment before nodding and saying "En."
Caesar stood up and turned his body to leave when Lin Yuan suddenly opened his mouth and said: "Caesar, thank you."
Turning his head back and looking towards the sincere gaze of Lin Yuan, Caesar's heart went soft, he could not help but think - there is no need for you to say thank you, to protect you, is something I originally wanted to do the most.
***
Once Caesar left, Lin Yuan touched the space button on his wrist and finally let out a long sigh of relief.
To tell the truth, he was genuinely worried before, particularly worried that his health would give him problems and would affect the competition. If it was a single-player game, it wouldn't matter if he didn't get the award, but this time it is a team competition where he is acting on behalf of the school. If his personal problems end up affecting the school's achievement record, Lin Yuan would simply have no face to come back and see the principal.
However, a few comforting sentences from Caesar surprisingly miraculously dispelled all of the insecurity in Lin Yuan's heart.
Lin Yuan looked back and saw Hobby who was nestled at the edge of the bed, who withdrew from a guilty conscience. He couldn't help but poke at his big ears. He smiled and said, "Come on now, don't blame yourself. This time you cannot be entirely at fault here. I should have been more clear and told you earlier that it was actually medicine, alright...... You called Caesar over, that can be considered to balance out your rights and wrongs. I'm not angry at you. Just in the future, don't go around eating anything you see."
......owner, are you forgiving me?
Hobby anxiously looked at Lin Yuan, up at Lin Yuan's smile, and immediately nodded happily.
Lin Yuan thought about it and said, "I am going to Cepheus with Caesar tomorrow. I can't take you with me to this competition. It seems that Snow wants to stay here and experiment. I will hand you over to Snow then. You have to be well-behaved and do what he says."
Hobby obediently nodded his head.
Lin Yuan finally let go of his worries, he puts Hobby back in his nest, and he also lays himself back on his bed and falls asleep.
Strangely enough, after Caesar came to comfort him, Lin Yuan who had been tossing and turning and completely unable to sleep, unexpectedly became at ease and could sleep until dawn.
***Inside the next bedroom, Snow is preparing to leave for the Space Station.
Just as he began walking to his bedroom door, he heard voices conversing coming from outside the door, it seemed as if Caesar was talking a bit about something to Lin Yuan.
- It's almost two o'clock, why are they still not asleep?
Since some people in the dormitory aren't asleep yet, Snow does not feel good about wearing this attire and walking straight out the door.
Slightly wrinkling his brows together, he locked in the door, turned and pulled open the window, and from the inside of his sleeve, pulled out an extremely fine metal wire. He secured the hooked part on the edge of his window and the other end was wrapped tightly around his hand.
Snow took a deep breath and suddenly leaped up, turned his body over, and jumped out!
His supple and strong body quickly slid down along the metal wire, both of his feet in the leather boots tread on the side of the wall to make a few clever buffers, and then - settled steadily on the ground!
Snow looked up towards the direction of his bedroom, he flicked his finger and pulled the metal wire back into his sleeve before he turned and left.
In the dead of night under the rain, a single teenager draped from head to toe in black clothing wore a gigantic hat, covering a head full of soft platinum-blond hair. He walked quickly toward the space station with a wooden expression. His cold and indifferent back quickly disappeared into the dark of the night.
***
The following morning, Lin Yuan, Caesar, and Brian got up very early.
Because Cepheus is about to hold the 600th anniversary of the Empire, the celebration has begun to make waves. The spacecraft from the Po Military Star to the constellation of Cepheus has finally increased to two flights a day. One flight sets off at 2:30 in the wee hours of the morning and arrives at 12:30 in the afternoon. There is another one in the morning, the flight sets off at 8:00 and arrives at 6 in the afternoon. The distance from the Po Military Star to the constellation of Cepheus requires a full ten hours of navigating.
Lin Yuan and Caesar go to follow after the school team. Brian had booked his own ticket and so the three of them were all on the 8:00 a.m. spacecraft flight.
After getting up at half past six, the three took out some food from the refrigerator to have breakfast. Lin Yuan held Hobby and wanted to hand him over to Snow. Brian also wanted to bid farewell to Snow. The two went up to Snow's door and knocked on it. But a long time passed with no response.
Lin Yuan asked: "Is Snow still asleep?"
Brian said: "His routine is very consistent. He wakes up very early every day. Should we wake him up then?"
After he finished speaking, he felt himself grow curious and wanted to push the door open, but he found that the door had been locked from the inside.
Lin Yuan smiled and said: "Today's a vacation, he probably wants to sleep a little while longer, don't disturb him."
Brian thought for a moment and said, "It looks to be that way, Snow has to do experiments during these days. I reckon that there would be no time to take care of Hobby. You hand Hobby over to me. I'll take him along with me to Cepheus, it'd be no trouble if I took care of him for a few days."
Hobby immediately began shaking his head desperately.
Don't joke around, if I went back to the Capital Star, and I was found out by Queen Anna. I'd be seized and taken back into the laboratory for breeding......
Lin Yuan glanced at him shaking his head as if his life depended on it and completely ignored it. In the end, he handed him directly over into Brian's hands. He then poked his big ears and said: "You don't want to make more trouble for me."
"......" Sure enough, Lin Yuan's sentence has a great deterrent force behind it and Hobby immediately became quiet.
Brian didn't know at all that Hobby was Queen Anna's pet. When he saw him aggrievedly drooping his head, he couldn't help but smile and say: "Rest assured, I never used to abuse any pets. I have to go to my house and have fun for a few days. I will make you some delicious food."
Hobby's dejectedly nestled himself into Brian's embrace without speaking another word and in his heart, he countlessly prayed that he would never be discovered by the Queen......
***
At 8 o'clock in the morning, everyone passed through the interstellar gateway check and boarded the Pearl No. 097. Interstellar Spacecraft.
Lin Yuan, Caesar and two of the top ten seniors from the mech control department entered into a cabin. Lin Yuan took the initiative to greet them and that group of people soon became familiar with each other. They chatted about the topic of mech operation along the way. Time went by quickly without them realizing it and suddenly it became afternoon.
After executing a space jump, the spacecraft finally reached the capital star of Cepheus- Sheffield.
Lin Yuan excitedly threw open the side-window inside the cabin and went to the window to see the view outside.
Unlike the frigid cold of the Rennes planet and the sweltering heat of the Po Military Star, the capital of the Empire, Sheffield, has four seasons like spring, a warm climate that is best-suited for human habitation.
From a far-away universe, a great distance away, this planet is like a water-blue crystal suffused with the glossy luster of gems, surrounded by a few small silvery white moons that rotate around it in an orbital pattern, surrounded by white nebulae underneath it. This planet has the same hazy beauty of dreamland that resides in the middle of clouds and mist.
One of Lin Yuan's original purposes for entering himself into the examination for the military academy was to be able to share a house in the Capital Star in the future, taking his mother and sister to come live here. At this moment, looking at the Capital Star right in front of his eyes, Lin Yuan's heart was unspeakably excited.
After landing at the Sheffield Space Station, Brian went to his home and Caesar and Lin Yuan followed after the team and Instructor Knox. The ten participating contestants rode together in a large suspension car and were going straight towards the hotel booked well in advance.
Throughout the entire journey, Lin Yuan has been curiously watching the scenery outside. Various kinds of high-grade suspension cars are arranged in the sky's stratification and operated neatly in succession to one another. Along the streets, one could almost not see the tops of the high-rise buildings and seeing the bright, colorful lights on the roadside would make the whole world shine as bright as day. Lin Yuan's heart couldn't help but lament - the Capital Star is indeed too prosperous!
The suspension car arrived at the hotel very quickly.
The Grand Royale Hotel is one of the most famous seven-star rated hotels in Sheffield. The Mech Association has always spent money generously. The students who participate in the National Finals each year are arranged here because it is the closest hotel to the stadium.
The rooms in the hotel are suspended in the air, like a Ferris wheel of the ancient earth era.
After conducting the check-in procedure at the lobby on the first floor, a specialized airship will take the guests and their luggage up to the airborne rooms. Knox booked 5 standard double rooms and allocated two to a room, arranging acquaintances together. Lin Yuan and Caesar were naturally arranged in the same room.
When he returned to the room, Caesar walked up to Knox and said: "Instructor, I want to go out to see a friend with Lin Yuan tonight."
Knox nodded and said seriously: "This is Lin Yuan's first time in the Capital Star, pay attention to his safety when you take him out, remember to gather at 9 a.m. tomorrow."
Caesar nodded: "I know."
The two returned to their room together and put their luggage down. Lin Yuan could not help but walk over to the window. Looking at the streets and pedestrians beneath his feet, he excitedly said: "It feels really good to live up in the sky!"
This floating hotel utilizes the forces of gravity to fix the room in the sky. There is also a layer of transparent windows up on the ceiling. After partitioning the transparent window, you can directly see an array of celestial matter and stars in the sky and feel very close to the sky. When it rains, you can also see the beautiful scenery of the rain slowly sliding down the transparent roof.
Of course, this kind of floating hotel is very expensive to build and is extraordinarily costly to run, and it is hard to see on a remote planet. Lin Yuan obviously has never stayed in this kind of floating hotel before, so living in a room in the air, his eyes are full of excitement and curiosity.
Caesar walked over to him and smiled as he said, "Go and change your clothes. My brother has already arrived at the restaurant. Let's go meet him first. After eating dinner, we can go to the hospital and give you a thorough check through."
Lin Yuan immediately nodded, "Okay."
Lin Yuan took the clothes and turned towards the bathroom to change. When he walked out the door, he discovered that Caesar was right in the middle of changing his clothes next to the wardrobe.
——The boy in front of him has a healthy honey-colored skin, the exposed skin of his entirely bare body is finely defined, the proportion of his body with his broad shoulders and long legs is close to perfection, on his abdomen, there are six perfectly sculpted abdominal muscles, which are illuminated by the lighting in the room. Even the muscles on his arms are brimming with power and beauty.
Lin Yuan was momentarily stunned and quickly removed his gaze.
They are both boys, and they are also roommates who have known each other for a very long time. It should be a very common picture to see the other person changing clothes. But without knowing why, for a split second, the strong and rich pheromone smell spread through the air being emitted by Caesar's Alpha body s, caused Lin Yuan to suddenly feel his scalp numb, his heartbeat stalled, and there was even a strange lustful desire surging up violently from the deepest parts in his body.
Caesar quickly changed his clothes and smiled as he said: "Are you ready? Let's go."
After he finished talking, he took the initiative and walked over to grab Lin Yuan's shoulder to take him out. However, Lin Yuan abruptly grabbed Caesar's wrist and shook it off as hard as he could!
......in the air, it begins to inexplicably exude the smell of a sweet Omega pheromone.
Caesar halted his breathing, and when he turned his head back, he saw that Lin Yuan's complexion had some unnatural flushing, his eyelashes continuously fluttered, and his breathing became distinctly hurried. Caesar suddenly became rigid. "What happened to you?"
Lin Yuan clenched his fist tightly, his voice slightly trembled and he said: "I...... I do not feel well......"
He immediately stepped back and wanted to run back into the bathroom and avoid the range of the influence of Caesar's pheromones.
However, just after he moved two steps back, there was a sudden burst of an intense heat bubbling forth and flowing throughout his body. The heat flow began to rush directly toward the sensitive part of his lower body. Lin Yuan's knees unexpectantly softened and he nearly fell on the floor.
Caesar immediately and deftly stepped forward. He reached out and supported him. He worriedly asked: "Where do you not feel well? Why is your complexion so unsightly......"
Caesar gently felt out Lin Yuan's forehead with his hand and found his body temperature was terribly high.
Lin Yuan in the throes of pain tries to avoid Caesar's touch. In the depths of the body, it seems that a violent wild animal is frantically screeching and trying to think of ways to break through the layer of imprisonment. Lin Yuan is weakened by the heat flowing through his body. There is no longer much to say about his strength, even the sight in front of his eyes is gradually beginning to grow fuzzy.
His body grows hotter and hotter, while his mind also grows increasingly dizzy.
Being held in Caesar's embrace, Lin Yuan's whole body was trembling and he was also practically unable to speak.
The smell of Omega pheromone in the air grows richer and richer. Caesar finally reached the last of his patience: "White Feather!"
White feather immediately came out of the space button and stuttered out: "Ma-Ma-Ma-Master! I-I-I I have discovered the presence of an Omega pheromone in his blood, pheromone concentration data is 8.5mg / L., This must be due to my smart center malfunctioning, I-I am re-testing......"
Caesar frowned and said: "Hurry up and give me the test results!"
"Yes! Yes!" Bai Yu sped up the test. After a few seconds, he was once again shocked and said: "It's-It's-It's still 8.5 mg/L.! How could this be! Isn't he a Beta? How can there be Omega pheromones in his body, ahhhhh? "
Caesar looked at the person in his arms in surprise.
The delicate and pretty face of the boy is completely flushed red, the eyelashes are incessantly fluttering, and this abnormally high temperature of the body......
- This is not an illness at all!
- This is obviously a precursor to an Omega's estrus!
Suddenly, Caesar's mood felt complicated.
It turned out that my nose has never had a problem!
Obviously, Lin Yuan is an Omega that has injected an inhibitor to hide his identity!
Lin Yuan was in a daze and only perceived that he was being carried in Caesar's embrace. In his fuzzy line of sight was the abstruse eyes of Caesar, his ears picked up a muffled voice, and it seemed as if it carried a trace of a complicated emotion: "Lin Yuan, are you an Omega?!"
Lin Yuan's addled mind has already completely made whatever he was saying to him inaudible.
The good smell coming from Caesar's body made Lin Yuan instinctively made him unable to help to want to get closer. Lin Yuan stretched out his trembling hands and lightly pulled at the clothes on Caesar's chest. "Caesar......I ......I don't feel well..."
The smell of Omega pheromones in the air grew more intense!
Caesar's face slightly changed, he took a deep breath to calm himself down, and then directly picked up Lin Yuan, going straight towards the mech still in a daze, said: " White Feather, immediately purify the air! Change forms and let us into the cockpit!"
White Feather liveliness came back, it immediately purified the air inside of the room and then sent the two directly into its cockpit.
Caesar calmly said: "Go back to the Imperial Palace!"
"Yes! Master!"
The pure white mech bound upwards and flew out directly from the open porthole on the roof, while simultaneously unfolding its huge pair of wings. At the fastest possible speed, it flew in the direction of the Lacey Empire's Imperial Palace!
(
TN
: Just a braindead translator right here who translated for like 12 hours straight~ Next chapter won't be explicit smut (just some kisses and such), but don't worry! It is out there! Pinky promise! Anyways I'm going on a trip on Thursday so if the next one takes something like 5 days to come out that's why, but I'll try to get it out soon since its such a cliffie!)
Chapter 041: Breaking Through the Imperial Palace
The distance between the Royale Hotel and the Imperial Palace is very far, practically more than half of the distance spanning the Sheffield Star. It would take more than an hour to reach the destination at the speed of a suspension car. However, White Feather is an S-class mech, and its flying speed can transcend even the speed of light. Caesar permits White Feather to immediately employ its highest speed and forge ahead, they end up reaching the location of the Lacey Empire's Imperial Palace in less than three minutes.
Under the curtain of night, the Imperial Palace is solemn as well as serene. One pure white building after another are constructed and carved into the shape of pentagons to resemble a manmade star Atlus to shine along with the twinkling group of celestial bodies in the sky. The warm yellow lights illuminate the entire Imperial Palace into being just as brightly lit as you would normally see it in the daytime. Wearing pure white military uniforms, the Royal Guard Squadron frequently walks throughout the Imperial Palace.
The seemingly tranquil and peaceful Imperial Palace is actually brimming with crises. There are at least three layers of high-intensity electromagnetic defense nets surrounding the Imperial Palace. Foreign vehicles and mechs that rashly intrude upon the Imperial Palace without passing through the inspection and verification will only be met with those invisible defense nets and twisted into pieces!
As a Prince, Caesar naturally possesses a pass to enter the Imperial Palace.
However, as soon as White Feather entered the boundary of the Imperial Palace, he was directly faced with the Royal Guards who were currently on call to maintain the security of the Imperial Palace!
Hundreds of silver-white Royal Guard warships suddenly assumed an encircling position and quickly gathered their power together, precisely pointing their cannons at White Feather!
White Feather had to suspend itself high up in the air!
Caesar faintly knit his brows together and directly connected to the Captain's commandership of the Royal Guard Squadron through an internal password. His face was completely calm as he said: "
Admiral
Regg, it's me."
(
TN
: Admiral as in captain of a ship like in the navy. Equivalent to the rank of general, the ships that they are use the characters for naval vessel/warships and never referred to as mechs. Also, Air Marshal could have been another possibility, but since there's already Marshal Rosen I didn't want to use Marshal again.)
- Royal Guard Squadron Captain Regg, is ranked on an equal footing to the top four-star generals within the Army's main forces, however, he does not participate whatsoever in the Ministry of Military Affairs. They were only in charge of protecting the safety of the members of the royal family members and only took orders personally from His Majesty, Trent.
This Royal Guard Squadron was formed just as early as the beginning and founding of the Empire. The main part of the Squadron consists entirely of strong and robust Alpha elites and following the death of the older generation of guards, to follow, their descendants continue to inherit their positions to ensure the Royal Guard Squadron's absolute loyalty to the royal family.
Appearing on the projection screen was the handsome and profound facial features of the Royal Guard Squadron's Captain. He had no expression whatsoever on his face. He nodded to Caesar and said flatly: "Your Royal Highness Caesar, I know it is you. However, all who enter the Imperial Palace in a vehicle or mech are all required to pass through a strict inspection. I implore you to cooperate with the Royal Guard Squadron and carry out a routine scanning of White Feather."
Caesar: "......"
To enter the Imperial Palace, the personnel does a routine inspection, this has been an established rule of the Imperial Palace for a long time now. But with today's situation, Caesar cannot allow himself to abide by this rule! Once the Guard Squadron comes to inspect White Feather, they will soon find that in the cockpit of White Feather, apart from His Royal Highness is also an Omega on the verge of entering estrus!
Not to mention that the Guard Squadron is entirely all Alpha, Caesar simply can't expose Lin Yuan's current condition at this moment in front of everyone!
Looking back at Lin Yuan who was sitting on the sofa, the agonizing youth was encompassed with lustful desire as desperately broken moans fell from his gaping mouth. His whole body was entirely flushed a seductive red and because of his restless struggling, the buttons on his clothing had even been torn open, exposing a wide expanse of a fair chest......
Caesar will absolutely not present Lin Yuan like this and send him over to face the Royal Guards to receive an examination from that crowd of Alphas! What's more, with Admiral Regg's temperament, he will also absolutely never allow Caesar to bring a stranger into the Imperial Palace!
Caesar creased his brows together in displeasure and with a cold face said: "I have a very urgent matter to attend to. If you don't let me, I will have no other choice but to harshly break through! If my Royal Father asks, I take all the responsibility for any consequences! - White Feather!"
"Yes!", hearing the master's order, White Feather immediately switched on its full body attack system. Hidden under its wings was a gigantic light energy cannon which was directly aimed at the Royal Guard Squadron's Captain Regg's command warship!
- The people of the Royal Guard Squadron immediately looked at each other in dismay.
It's just a routine inspection, nothing more. Everyone who enters the Imperial Palace will be subject to inspection. What's going on with His Royal Highness today? To go so far as to actually permit White Feather to open the highest level of an S-class mech light energy cannon attack system?
Caesar simply had no time to explain to them.
Lin Yuan's situation is
pressing in on one's eyelashes
, if this drags on any further, he will definitely be sure to completely enter his estrus cycle......
(
TN
: Imminently urgent.)
No longer wasting any more time speaking to them, Caesar immediately pilots White Feather to forcibly break through the Royal Guard Squadron's encirclement!
The formidable might of the S-class mech made the Royal Guard Squadron's warships not dare to rashly advance forward. Both sides were thrown in a deadlock for a moment. White Feather finally saw an opportunity, abruptly launched up and flew directly into a high altitude of tens of thousands of meters in the airs, and simultaneously withdrew from the scope of the Royal Guard Squadron. The direction toward
Caesar's Palace
is directly flown at the fastest possible speed before the Royal Guards could respond to the abrupt perpendicular descent!
(
TN
: Yep. He has his own palace. Rich kid confirmed.)
Coming in through the roof porthole to directly land inside of the Palace, White Feather immediately ejected the cockpit placing its Master and Lin Yuan on the ground. Caesar without the slightest hesitation initiated the highest order and immediately switched on the Palace's external total isolation system!
The exterior of the Palace where Caesar lived was immediately surrounded by a thick layer of metal without a single gap in its coverage.
This kind of metal is made of special materials, even if it is bombarded by light energy cannons it can come out completely unscathed. It was meant to only be turned on during a situation of extreme crisis where it can block the attack of any weapons and thereby safeguarding all of the personnel inside of the Imperial Palace.
By the time that the Royal Guard Squadron had finished hurridly chasing after him and managed to make it over, they found right away that Palace of His Royal Highness Prince IV had the emergency isolation system of the highest defense mode turned on -this is practically a black alert that the Imperial Palace will only launch when it encounters an enemy attack!
Everyone was suddenly dumbstruck.
Regg looked at the Palace in the highest defense mode in front of him. He looked towards the intelligent communication device in front of him and coldly ordered: "Prince Caesar forcibly broke into the Imperial Palace, immediately inform His Majesty!"
"Understood!" The intelligent spheroid communicator in front of him began to spin at high speed and went up.
***
Emperor's
XX
Department, within the Central Council Hall.
(
TN
: Censored or left out for whatever reason.)
His Majesty Trent, Marshal Rosen, the five-star and four-star top generals of the Empire, and as well as all of the representatives of the Military Department all being gathered together is extremely rare. Because of this, the personnel is fully manned, such a grand scene naturally has a major resolution that needs to be voted on.
Such a large conference room is nearly packed full of people.
The celebration held every 100 years is holding an upcoming ceremonial military parade, this has been a traditional event ever since the founding of the Empire.
The military parade for the upcoming 600th-anniversary celebration is even grander than the previous ones. The Empire's six major Legions - Glory, Hydra,
Blue Nebula
, Star,
Comet
,
Dark Moon
- will pass through the Central Star field one after another, showing off the latest military equipment to the people. His Majesty Trent and important members of the Military Department will face the major legions and conduct a military review.
(
TN
: Taking some creative liberties with three of the names. 幽蓝 (Blue Nebula), 流光 (Comet), and 月影 (Dark Moon) are changed up a bit. I just made the names sound better in English, but closer translations would have been Remote/Serene Blue, Streamer (Of light), and Moon Shadow. If you have any input or opinions feel free to leave a comment below and I'll take it into consideration~)
The Central Star region has deliberately set aside an unused area for the public to watch, while the TV channels throughout the Empire will be broadcasting live from the spot.
Such a grand large-scale celebration must absolutely not allow any accidents to occur, in particular, the public security field must pay great attention!
This fully manned general assembly is for this final vote on the detailed process proposal for the ceremonial military parade.
The detailed process of the military parade was actually determined as early as the beginning of this year. No more than one week before the celebration, some details were slightly revised and even though they were minute changes, it still required the higher-ups in the Military Department and His Majesty's ultimate verification.
The detailed process was issued out on the electronic screen in the hands of all the members and the voting session was carried out in a tense and orderly manner......
Right at this moment, the space button on the wrist of His Majesty, Trent suddenly produced a slight, almost unnoticeable vibration. The master and mech interlinked and Trent right away understood the news that
King Lion
wanted to report -
(
TN
: Yep, that's what it is, hard not hearing Lion King when I type it out lol. This was the fourth S-class mech made by Mr. Aston mentioned in a previous chapter.)
Just a moment ago, Caesar piloted White Feather, breaking through the encirclement of the Royal Guard Squadron and forcibly charged into the Imperial Palace!
Trent lightly scowled.
The conference was very quickly finished up. After leaving the high-rise Military Department building, His Majesty, Trent immediately called King Lion out and with a calm and collected look, ordered: "Quickly go back to the Imperial Palace!"
King Lion raised no objections and immediately let His Majesty enter into the cockpit and rocketed up.
The pure gold mech flies through the sky just like a dazzling and resplendent golden meteor that streaks across the night sky!
***
Inside the Fourth Prince's Palace.
Caesar took Lin Yuan back to his bedroom and gently placed him on his bed.
Lin Yuan's whole body was emitting heat, his consciousness was also in a daze. In his body, waves after waves of heat wracks his body, making his limbs limp and powerless. From the deepest depths of his body, there was a strange feeling emptiness, making him desperately long to be held in a person's embrace......
What the hell is going on here?
Lin Yuan was a bit at a loss, the strange limp and numbness in his limbs felt like ants were nibbling and nipping at the inside of his body, it felt absolutely unbearable underneath his clothes so he couldn't help but to desperately move his hands and tear at his clothes and pants.
Soon enough, the buttons on his shirt were ripped off by him and fell down, the fair skin exposed under the widely opened lapel quickly become coated with an alluring flush. His pants were half pulled down and hangs loosely wrinkled around his knees. Under the pure white briefs, the distinct outline of his inexperienced length had already stood up.
—Looking at Lin Yuan like this, Caesar's heartbeat has almost stopped!
The fragrant sweetness of the rich Omega pheromones in the air is undoubtedly challenging his rationality!
Let alone, lying on his bed is the person who he has secretly liked for a very long time. Also, Lin Yuan's not at all aware how captivating he is in this state......
I want to embrace him, I want to take him completely......
But, here in this kind of circumstance, he simply cannot go embrace Lin Yuan!
An Omega's love-making period will persist for around 3-7 days and while in the love-making period, one can receive a carefree and uninhibited rounds of sexual pleasure, however, tomorrow will be the competitions pre-training and the official competition is in three days. This is one time only per year National Finals! He and Lin Yuan are acting as the crown champion and runner-up of the schools mech competition. They are representing the school to participate in the National Finals. If at this time, they are met with a mishap, they'll certainly be sure to take the consequences upon themselves!
The result of a momentary impulse would end up with both of them being punished by the school for not attending the competition......
This is in no way Lin Yuan's desired results, nor the situation that Caesar wants to see.
Lin Yuan has always been so earnest and put forth such great effort. In order to prepare for this competition, he practiced very late every day. The whole month of hard work should not be completely in vain. Regardless for what reason he had mixed himself into the military academy, Caesar only knows that he should protect him. Otherwise, once Lin Yuan's Omega identity is exposed, it will definitely attract countless troubles toward him!
In those years, General Ling Yu was already the head of the entire Dark Night Legion and a member of the Military Legislative Assembly. There were countless loyal and devoted high-ranking officers under his command, but because of his identity as an Omega violated the Military Departments law, he was then written out of the military registry and sentenced to lifelong house arrest......
Presently, Lin Yuan has nothing to rely on, he is merely a powerless cadet with no authority, and that's all. Once his identity as an Omega sneaking himself into the military academy is exposed, the Military Department will definitely discipline him even more severely!
Fortunately, as a Prince, Caesar has received Omega pheromone resistance training. In this kind of situation, he can use his resolute willpower to resist against his instincts...... However, the smell of Lin Yuan's pure pheromone nearly makes Caesar begin to crumble. He can only use even more intense pain to barely preserve his rationality.
Caesar violently forces his fingernails into the palm of his hand and his palm was quickly dripping with blood......
The stabbing pain let him retrieve a trace of reason, Caesar immediately turned around to find the transparent injection fluid inside the sealed cabinet.
His elder brother is an Omega and ever since the start of his estrus cycle, he has been continuously injecting Omega pheromone inhibitors since the age of eighteen. A single inhibitor has been stored in Caesar's Palace to prepare for sudden outbursts in the case of an emergency.
It had been originally prepared for his elder brother, I never expected to suddenly use it on Lin Yuan's body today.
Caesar took a deep breath and with great difficulty, resisted the intense impulses in his body. He went over to the bedside to sit down, and gently lifted Lin Yuan up.
Lin Yuan smelled the closeness of the Alpha's presence and immediately seized Caesar's arm. He looked as if he was seeking out warmth and leaned his entire body into Caesar's embrace. He reached out his arms and hugged him lightly.
"I...... so uncomfortable......"
Lin Yuan was completely inexperienced in this respect. He could only instinctively rub against the Alpha's embrace, his hands indiscriminately touching him, and his soft lips could not help but go over and kiss Caesar's lips.
"......" Caesar felt that the strings of his sanity almost snapped.
Holding his breath to keep himself calm, Caesar grabbed Lin Yuan's arm and injected the inhibitor into Lin Yuan's vein.
However, Lin Yuan did not settle down because of this. The strong sense of emptiness in the body has made him lose his sense of reason. The good smell of the Alpha in front of him makes Lin Yuan want to get closer and closer!
Lin Yuan clung tightly to Caesar and buried himself in Caesar's embrace. Feeling unwell, he begins recklessly stroke him and kiss him..
Caesar is almost completely collapsed.
This is absolutely the most dreadful omega pheromone resistance training since the beginning of history......
"......White Feather." Caesar's breathing is unstable and his voice has also become rough. "Quickly test the concentration of pheromone in his body."
White Feather hurriedly went forward to take a drop of Lin Yuan's blood for testing, and soon brought out the result: "It is 8.7mg / L.!"
Once the pheromone concentration in an Omega's body exceeds 9.0, it will officially enter the love-making phase.
Once the estrus cycle has started, it is unable to stop. Even if at that moment, the medicine is injected, it will be useless. You can only find an Alpha to come mark him and completely possess him. Otherwise, Omega will lose all reason and frantically hurt his own body.
The omega pheromone in Lin Yuan's body is getting higher and higher, just a moment ago it was 8.5, but now it is still continuously rising to 8.7 even after the injection of medicine, this is not a good phenomenon.
Caesar was silent for a moment, before he finally took a deep breath, hugged Lin Yuan, and kissed him with great force!
In that split second of touching the soft lips of the youth, Caesar's back suddenly felt an intense burst of numbness suddenly rush and spread throughout his entire body, and the rational wall in his mind was approaching a crisis, and his lower body was hard enough to be painful......
calm... need to stay calm...
Caesar was desperately giving orders to himself in the bottom of his heart, while lifting up Lin Yuan's chin and deepening the kiss.
Caesar is very clear that he is just doing this to pacify him......
Because Lin Yuan desperately needs to release all his pent up desire, in this case, kissing and stroking his hard length will give the Omega's body a little bit of comfort and satisfaction. The pheromone in his body needs to stabilize first and as long as the time for the drug to work is enough......
However, when I kiss Lin Yuan, I don't want to stop.
The fierce conflict between reason and instinct made Caesar's temples feel a burst of pain, and a certain lower part of his was almost hard enough to burst!
The youth's soft lips, his inexperienced mouth, his warm smell, were even countless times more beautiful than in his dreamland.
Lin Yuan, who is in an absent-minded state is extremely obedient. He does not resist at all, instead, he delightfully embraces Caesar due to the close proximity of the Alpha pheromones. His unpracticed tongue actively probes the Alpha in front of him. Their two mouths are suddenly filled with the taste of each other. The pheromone on their bodies also began to rapidly intertwine.
This kind of intertagling of saliva from the French kiss makes every pore on his entire body feel well enough to make him almost want to scream......
So much so that he's itching to immediately throw him down and completely take him......
The color of Caesar's eyes grows increasingly darker, his kissing has also become even more passionate, wrapping around Lin Yuan's tongue and repeatedly sucking and kissing him senseless into a moaning mess. He flipped him over and climbed over on top of him only to feel Lin Yuan's thigh begin incessantly rubbing against that certain part of his. Lin Yuan's unconscious and untrained response greatly stimulated Caesar and nearly made him go out of control!
No good, I can't kiss like this anymore......
Caesar suddenly grabbed the needle that he had just used to inject the inhibitor into Lin Yuan and used all of his might to stab it into his palm!
The hollow of his palm has already long since been badly mangled and mutilated, but the severe pain from the needle piercing into him finally drew back Caesar's rationality.
Caesar took a deep breath to let himself calm down as much as possible. He looked down at the bulge in Lin Yuan's underwear before slipping his hand in and with his unwounded right hand, lightly grasped that sensitive place and gave it a few quick tugs.
"......mmm......."
A satisfied sigh immediately spilled out of Lin Yuan's mouth and his hands both tightly held onto Caesar's shoulders.
Caesar's right hand began to skillfully stroke up and down along his fully erect member, Lin Yuan's breathing began to break out into hearty moans which immediately began raising in urgency.
It was the first time that the inexperienced 18-year-old had ever encountered such an intense situation. Because of Lin Yuan's high fever and his extreme delirium, he entirely did not know what he should do. He was forced to instinctively hold the person in front of him.
Caesar's warm kiss and his skillful ministrations along his erect length made Lin Yuan's whole body feel as comfortable as if he was high up in the clouds.
With Caesar's fast-paced strokes along the entirety of his shaft, very quickly, Lin Yuan gave in and released directly into the other party's hand.
After coming down from the aftershocks of his climax, Lin Yuan finally became somewhat content and no longer flailed about.
Caesar asked White Feather to test his pheromone value again and it remained at 8.7, it neither rose or fell.
......this is not the way to go.
Relying on a short kiss to placate omega perhaps would ordinarily work, but for Omega who is almost faced with an estrus cycle, this sort of approach is like giving a few drops of rain to a person in a barren desert, it cannot quench their thirst.
When Omega is rapidly approaching estrus, they will have more and more intense desires for an Alpha......
Caesar is silent for a moment before finally building up a firm resolution in his heart and gently lifting up Lin Yuan's face.
In this situation, he had a large absence of any preparation before being faced with an estrus cycle and his high fever has left him delirious. As an Omega, Lin Yuan apparently has lost his sense of reason and even his pair of clear and beautiful eyes can not even find any focus in their focal length.
The person he is in love with is unexpectantly an Omega and also in this unwilling situation by the sudden appearance of an estrus cycle.
Caesar couldn't help but sympanthizingly stroke Lin Yuan's sweat-soaked hair and gently kissed his forehead. With a hoarse yet tender voice, he said: "Lin Yuan......I'm sorry......"
Lin Yuan looked blankly in front of him, he entirely did not hear the apologetic tone of Caesar.
Caesar lightly sighed and let Lin Yuan lower his head. Underneath his slender and white neck, there was the concealed place for the Omega's gland. Caesar softly touched that place with his hand and no longer hesitating...... bit down as hard as he could!
His hard teeth pierced through the soft skin and veins. The Alpha and Omega pheromones immediately began to mix together!
Such a strong stimulation made Lin Yuan's body suddenly tremble violently, frantically struggling to escape, but was forced to stay in place by Caesar.
Caesar's teeth once again clamped down and at the position of the nape of his neck, he quickly left a deep mark that could not be erased.
This is the ceremony of an Alpha marking his own Omega......
This kind of a mark will give the Omega the scent of the Alpha.
The temporary mark can be preserved for at least three months and after those three months, the mark will disappear. In the case that one would want to be completely marked, to do so requires you to formally do it with your partner, make love, spend the entire estrus period together, and then release your seed and knot into the receiving party......
Caesar cannot completely mark Lin Yuan given the situation, so he has no other choice but to do this kind of temporary way of marking. By doing so allows him to strongly press down Lin Yuan's sexual desire. Even though this was the case, he was forcibly marked without his knowledge, so Caesar would be sure to apologize.
- Sorry, for marking you under these circumstances without your consent, to only just temporarily suppress your estrus.
—I hope that you can participate in your beloved mech competition. I hope that you can win Vermillion Bird with your own strength.
- If this is unacceptable to you after you become clear-headed, I am willing to bear all the consequences.
Caesar softly looked at Lin Yuan and somewhat of his distressfully stretched out his fingers and gently caressed the distinct imprint of the mark on the nape of his neck.
For Omega, caressing the mark on the nape of their neck by their Alpha is the most direct and effective way to comfort them.
Sure enough, the marked Lin Yuan, under the comfort of Caesar, finally gradually began to stop struggling.
The chaotic impulses inside of his body started to become stable and the effect of the inhibitor quickly stats being effective. The concentration of the pheromone begins to slowly decrease and soon finally falls below 7.0.
Lin Yuan finally could no longer prop himself up and resist his fatigue, he closed his eyes and fell into a deep sleep.
Looking at him fast asleep in his arms, Caesar's heart grew so soft that it almost started melting.
He couldn't help but lean over and kiss Lin Yuan's forehead gently. He spoke softly in his ear: "Lie down for a good sleep now, I will help you settle everything...... Lin Yuan, I love you......"
Lin Yuan who was fast asleep, suddenly pursed his brows somewhat uneasily.
He once again returned to the seaside lodge and heard the gentle voice of that one man. "Son, you will be a Beta in the future, right? An ordinary and happy Beta, okay?"
Lin Yuan saw in his dream the four-year-old self using a melodious and tender child's voice to reply: "Alright Dad! I was originally a Beta anyways, ah!"
- I was originally a Beta, wasn't I?
The author has something to say: Not right ah Xiao Yuan, the author says that you are an Omega ah!
(
TN
: Hahaha... somehow I finished it. I'll be going on a 4-day trip now so there might be a good 5-6 days before the next time I update. In the meantime I'll probably just be going through and editing the previous chapters.)
Chapter 042: The Little Omega Monster
(Edited)
Caesar had just placed Lin Yuan flat on the bed to let him get some proper sleep when he saw his communication device suddenly light up. It was news from his elder brother: "I waited for almost half an hour in this restaurant. How have you guys not arrived yet?"
- Lin Yuan's situation just now was too urgent and because of it, Caesar was deeply troubled and had neglected to inform his elder brother.
Seeing the arrival of this message, Caesar immediately replied: "Elder brother, sorry, the dinner gathering tonight is canceled, I had something happen here!"
Xiwei quizzically asked: "Does this have to do with Ball?"
Caesar was unable to explain to him in detail and had to say: "That's right, we can come back to this discussion later, I want to ask you to do me a favor real quick."
"Alright." Xiwei did not ask again and returned directly to the Imperial Palace.
At this moment, His Majesty, Trent had already long since piloted King Lion and returned to the interior of the Imperial Palace.
The captain of the Royal Guard Squadron, Regg, immediately and respectfully reported the details of this evenings state of affairs. The entire process of Caesar's forced entry into the Imperial Palace was even recorded by the hidden surveillance cameras above the Palace.
After watching the entire course of events replay back, Trent immediately piloted King Lion to the front of the door to the Palace where Caesar lived.
Outside of Caesar's Palace, the highest level defense system was activated.
- Caesar had always been sensible, why would he suddenly forcibly enter the Imperial Palace today, what could have driven him?
Trent slightly wrinkled his brows and ordered King Lion to connect to White Feather's communication device.
White Feather, who received the communication request, immediately stammered out: "Ma-Ma-Master! It's Ki-Ki-King Lion! His Majesty has returned! Ah, ah, ah, it's over, we will certainly be punished by His Majesty......"
Caesar quickly interrupted White Feather, with a tranquil expression he said: "Hurry up and purify the air inside the house."
"......Oh!" White Feather complied with his master's order and immediately started up the air purification system. All traces of the mixed scent between the Omega and Alpha pheromones inside the room were quickly removed and purified clean.
Caesar turned back and gave Lin Yuan a nice quilt. Then he stood up and walked to the living room and accepted the communication request from his father.
His Majesty, Trent's face immediately appeared on the projection screen in front of him.
On closer inspection, the looks of the two father and son have quite a bit of resemblance. Their facial features are equally handsome and profound. The bridge of their nose is cut straight downwards as if it had been sharpened with a knife. When their deep brown eyes coldly gaze at other people, it gives out a suffocating feeling as if being oppressed under a kingly aura. Coupled with their tall and straight figure, it naturally reveals a pureblooded Alpha with the most powerful scent.
His Majesty, Trent's temper is ordinarily relatively mild and his mood rarely fluctuates.
However, at this moment, he nevertheless used his sharp and ice-cold eyes to look at his little son through the screen. The immense pressure that came from the silence even made White Feather feel threatened into immediately shrinking back its neck.
- Caesar neither servile nor overbearingly met his Father's gaze.
Because he must stand with a straight back and obstruct every storm for Lin Yuan. If he ever toppled over, Caesar can't bear to think what the ending for Lin Yuan would be. Thinking of that optimistic and cheerful little guy who would be expelled from the military registry by the Military Department because of the exposure of his Omega identity and then even shut into a dark underground prison for the rest of his life...... Caesar felt like a knife was being twisted into his heart!
- He will never let Lin Yuan be met with such misfortune!
Therefore, he must advance pass his birth father, His Majesty of the Empire!
The father and the son looked silently at each other for a moment, Trent said faintly: "Why, don't you want to explain now?"
Caesar calmly looked at his father in King Lion's cockpit and in a low voice said: "Father, could you please come inside my Palace, I have something to say to you alone."
Trent came out of the cockpit of the mech and put King Lion back into the space button on the platinum-golden ring on his thumb.
The captain of the Royal Guard Squadron, Regg, immediately stepped forward. "Your Majesty......"
Trent waved his hand calmly. "You all step back, alright?
We
will have a chat with the Fourth Prince alone."
(
TN
: Better late than never but, here the King is using the Imperial "I" often translated as "We" (Note: he doesn't refer to himself like this in front of Caesar). I also want to mention that Caesar often refers to his parents as the royal version of Father and Mother (not all the time if he's having a soft moment with them) and calls his elder brother Prince elder brother. It sounds stuffy to always do that in English so I often just leave it out and try to make everything else sound formal instead. Occasionally I will throw it in if it calls for it.)
"Yes, Your Majesty." Regg immediately led the Royal Guard Squadron's warships to speedy retreat.
Caesar saw their retreat and in turn, shut off the defense system outside the palace.
The Palace doors were opened and Trent entered the Palace. He immediately saw that Caesar was standing in the living room. After seeing His Majesty, he immediately bowed in a standard royal ceremony and respectfully said: "Father."
Trent coldy swept his gaze at him, then turned and walked to the sofa in the living room to sit down and looked up at him. "Why don't you explain now, what can't you let others know and what also permits you to boldly order White Feather to forcibly break into the Imperial Palace?"
Caesar went up to face his Father and said, "Father, do you still remember Lin Yuan?"
Trent nodded. "I remember, why?"
Caesar went on to say: "He took second place in the school-wide mech competition on campus. I went with the school team to the capital star to participate in the National Finals. I didn't expect him to be an Omega. Back when we were at the hotel, his pheromone level suddenly increased. I took him straight back to the Imperial Palace in order to take the inhibitors elder brother previously left behind."
Caesar paused and continued: "The situation at the time was very desperate. If I didn't give him the inhibitor injection in time, his pheromone would rise again and he would enter the pre-estrus phase, so I ordered White Feather to forcibly enter the Imperial Palace."
Trent was silent for a moment and softly asked, "Then what about Lin Yuan now?"
Caesar said: "He is already asleep."
Trent said: "That is to say, you used an inhibitor to control his pheromone concentration?"
Caesar honestly said: "Not only that, but I also bit into his Omega gland and temporarily marked him...... because at the time the pheromones in his body were very chaotic, I had to mark him to forcibly suppress his body's pheromones fluctuations."
Trent looked with a deep gaze at his own son. After a long time, he lowered his face: "Caesar, you must be aware, an Omega who disguises their identity to sneak into a military academy violates how many Imperial laws and Military Department orders? Such a major crime will receive what kind of punishment?!"
Caesar nodded. "I know."
Trent spoke coldly: "Yet you still tell me all this? You think your Royal Father will help you shield Lin Yuan?"
Caesar is silent for a moment, only to say seriously: "Father, I don't want to deceive you, because for this matter I simply can't rely on my own power, it's impossible to keep this in the dark. Once discovered by outsiders, the consequences will definitely be even more serious. So, I decided to tell you the entire truth, I hope to get your help."
Caesar looked at his father, his eyes were completely calm: "I love Lin Yuan, I want to use every ounce of my strength to protect him."
"As an Alpha, We are bestowed with power countless times stronger than Beta and Omega. Is it not to be able to protect the people you want to protect at the crucial moment? If you can't protect the one you love the most, then what use is my ability as an Alpha and my status as a Prince?!"
"If by any chance, something happened to Lin Yuan, I can only choose to go to the Military Department and give myself up. I marked him and I injected him with an inhibitor, if the court-martial convicts him, I am his biggest accomplice...... I am willing to accompany him together to prison."
"......" Trent looked at Caesar silently.
Caesar let out a softened voice: "Father, if you understand that I want to protect the feelings of the person I love, your son begs of you to help us...... In the entire Empire, there is only you who has the ability to conceal this matter. "
"......"
The message in the speech is a true, correct interpretation and the sentences are reasonable. As a Father, Trent unexpectantly found himself unable to retort for a while.
Trent couldn't help but look up at his little son who had just turned 18.
The chubby child in his memory always followed behind his elder brother as a bum beetle. Back when he was busy with government affairs, he rarely worried about things in the Palace. In the blink of an eye, the small Prince named Caesar quickly grew up.
The 18-year-old boy stands tall and straight with a strong build just like his own. He looks just like the younger version of himself.
Even now, he can go so far as to calmly look face to face with his father, for the one he loves, he braves the dangers and forcibly goes into the Imperial Palace without an explanation, but also throws out the, "I love him" and "I will accompany him into prison" preconditions to ask for Father's help?
- As an Alpha, We are bestowed with power countless times stronger than Beta and Omega. Is it not to be able to protect the people you want to protect at the crucial moment?
- If you can't protect the one you love the most, then what use is my ability as an Alpha and my status as a Prince?
This is what the 18-year-old Prince said, straight out of his mouth.
By speaking a few simple words, he easily overthrew the Empire's centuries-old tradition.
The world is dominated by genetically superior Alpha genes. Betas are forever in the lowest rungs of society. Omegas only need to be responsible for bringing up children and reproduction. This is the societal rule that human beings have developed since the evolution of the three genders of ABO.
But, Caesar said that the Alphas possess the strongest abilities not for conquest and possession, but rather for protecting the people they care about.
This sentence has been heard by others, especially by those Alpha bigots who are the chauvinists of the senior generation. They will surely mock this Alpha and say his brain is faulty.
However, when Trent heard these words, he suddenly felt incomparably gratified.
- Caesar grew up.
He has his own beliefs, his own loved one, and has the courage to work hard and fight for his beliefs.
No Father doesn't hope to see his son mature, let alone the King of the entire Empire such as Trent.
He has always regarded this small son of his as something to nurture as the heir to the throne. From ages big to small, the teachers who looked after Caesar were all personally selected from the most erudite scholars of the generation. The trainer who taught Caesar fighting skills was also once the champion of fighting in martial arts.
- After Caesar grew up, sure enough, he did not let his Father down!
As an honorable Prince, Caesar will not just arrogantly display his title as a Prince and throw it around, but will instead act calmly and keep a low-key profile, he knows to weight the pros and cons and utilizes the appropriate behavior, and before his Father he wouldn't lie and he would never speak incomplete sentences filled with empty words. In the act of feigning Vermillion Bird's death, he had successfully deceived the museum and the Mech Association with a few words.
For an 18-year-old child to accomplish this is already super rare.
What's more, he has not been bound by the Empire's centuries-old traditional, outdated way of thinking. He has his own beliefs in his heart pertaining to the relationships between Alpha, Beta, and Omega, he has his own unique way of thinking.
- And this way of thinking just so happens to closely coincide with Trent's own way of thinking.
There is nothing more gratifying to someone than such a thing.
If there is one day when he grows old and the whole Empire is handed over to this little son of his, perhaps he can genuinely rest assured then?
Thinking of this, Trent raised his head and looked at his small son, he couldn't help but make his tone a bit gentler: "Caesar, you said that you fell in love with Lin Yuan, did you know that he was an Omega?"
Caesar shook his head: "When I first liked him, I always thought that he was a Beta, I also just discovered it today."
—The little Beta monster has unexpectedly turned into a little Omega monster, Caesar is also extremely surprised.
As a Beta, Lin Yuan is already ferocious enough to shock people, if they knew that he was actually an Omega, he estimates that the jaws of all of the Alphas in the entire school will drop, especially the Alphas who suffered a crushing defeat at his hand during the competition. If they knew that the one who defeated them was actually an Omega, he reckoned that they would ashamedly
go hit a wall
.
(
TN
: I think this is supposed to mean like finding themselves stupefied without another option? Where did this slang come from? Put it back!!! Edit: User suggested that this might be a reference to an ancient Chinese way to commit suicide by hitting their head against a wall until they die. (Or until they bleed perhaps lol.))
Listening to what Caesar says, it is obvious that he likes Lin Yuan.
Even while knowing that Lin Yuan was a Beta, he still went right after him in spite of even the set traditions of the royal family's lineage. When he, himself was young, his budding love was that of the purest and most beautiful romance without the slightest entanglement of any political interests.
As a Father, Trent could not bear to shatter his son's beautiful dream.
Moreover, this kid surprisingly took a fancy to Lin Yuan...... His eyes are actually very good.
The corners of Trent's mouth couldn't help but lightly raise upwards and he said in a soft voice: "Since you have already brought your beloved directly into the Imperial Palace, I cannot give you my approval, but on the contrary, it seems that I would be unreasonable?"
Hearing his Father's words, Caesar immediately excitedly said: "Father, do you agree to help us?!"
Trent nodded helplessly. "You already said that if he went to jail, you would accompany him. What can a Father do? Leave you tied up and under house arrest? Since you have clearly requested to be bound with Lin Yuan, I will assist you and I can only also incidentally assist him as well, isn't that so?"
Bringing his gaze face to face with his Father's smiling expression, Caesar's face suddenly grows hot.
This feeling of bringing his beloved one to come to meet his Father is still quite embarrassing......
Trent thought about it and said: "It is not difficult to continue to conceal Lin Yuan's identity. The Royal Guard Squadron will definitely keep their mouths guarded like a closed bottle. The crucial point is the school. Over there, you can't let the instructors or the student body know about this matter. Do you think Lin Yuan can still participate in this competition?"
Caesar said firmly: "I believe he can!"
Trent smiled: "Even if he is the Omega that you marked, it doesn't matter?"
Caesar said: "It doesn't matter, I support him participating in the competition, his strength is stronger than many of those Alphas and he's eager to excel."
Trent nodded with satisfaction. "Okay. Then, in that case, act like nothing happened today. You and Lin Yuan will continue to participate in the competition tomorrow. When you return to school, you will wait another day before leaving, take along some inhibitors and let the Royal Guard Squadron personally escort you. I will greet your headmaster and the Guards' will not rigorously inspect the vehicles. Lin Yuan will continue to go to school as a Beta and then find a way to graduate no matter the means. You can marry him and bring him back as your Princess then."
Although this method has a bit of risk attached to it, there is his Royal Father backing him. As long as he always accompanies Lin Yuan at his side, he will be given an inhibitor injection once every three months. It is certainly no problem to graduate from the military academy without a hitch.
As for the future, I want to marry him as my Princess......
Now, Lin Yuan is only his friend and it's a long ways away from taking that step, but it's not too late to slowly work hard.
Caesar finally breathed a sigh of relief and gratefully looked at his Father: "Thank you, Father!"
He had thought for sure that he would be punished by Father today. He didn't expect his Father to be so fair and reasonable!
Trent's gaze moved onto his son, he smiled, stood up from the sofa and said: "This particular instance, Father can help you two, next time you mustn't be so impulsive, remember that you are a Prince,"
Caesar immediately guaranteed: "I know!"
Trent paused and said: "When Lin Yuan wakes up, take him to meet me."
Caesar became embarrassed as he looked in the direction of the bedroom and nodded. "Alright."
***
Lin Yuan has not yet woken up when Xiwei has rushed back.
Going directly inside the Palace where Caesar lived and seeing Caesar, Xiwei hastily asked: "What happened to Ball?"
Xiwei did not know Lin Yuan's name, only the username of Ball.
For a whole month, he accompanied them on the holographic network to play mech battles. Xiwei indeed grew very fond of that hard-working and earnest Lil' Ball, who was also the one who his younger brother fancied, naturally, a large part of his heart he had already grown close and dear to him. Furthermore, both of them were mech fanatics and they also shared many common interests. When the three people were together, more often than not, Big Prince and Ball would amicably chat, leaving Small Prince out hanging to dry off to the side.
Caesar met his elder brother's worried gaze and without better option, opened his mouth to explain: "Ahhh, he is an Omega. Today, the concentration of his pheromone suddenly rose. I had no other choice but to take him back to the Imperial Palace to find an inhibitor......"
Xiwei was surprised: "He is an Omega? You liked him for so long, yet you didn't find out about it?"
Caesar: "......"
Xiwei gave his little brother a cold look. "This is truly too stupid, the one you like is an Omega yet you didn't even see it coming."
Caesar: "......"
After being chided by his elder brother, Caesar had to sheepishly touch his nose. His nose had actually already picked up the scent of Omega pheromones before. However, at that time he thought that there was a problem with his nose. He didn't investigate it carefully...... Moreover, his present inhibitor was so powerful that it could pass along each stage of the military academy's blood serum test? So to say, Snow is also definitely an Omega?
Before Caesar could even deeply think about it further, Xiwei no sooner directly bypassed him and walked into the bedroom.
In the bedroom, Lin Yuan was sleeping on Caesar's large bed, he was probably sleeping so deeply because of mental exhaustion.
Xiwei walked up to his bedside and looked at him. The spotless white quilt covered his body revealing only a head. The boy slept sideways on the bed, his jet-black hair looked as if it was color washed by ink......
He was called Ball, his face was also a bit round with a small amount of baby fat on his face that makes people want to pinch it.
The more Xiwei looked, the cuter he became and he couldn't help but say: "You said that this was Ball? Your eyes are actually not bad."
Caesar looked at Lin Yuan and smiled as he said: "His name is Lin Yuan."
Xiwei turned to look at him. "You brought him back to the Imperial Palace, does Father know?"
Caesar said: "Father was just here a moment ago, he knows about all this and agreed to help us cover it up." Caesar paused, "That's right, there is something I need to ask of elder brother. I need to bring a few inhibitors back to school."
Xiwei simply nodded, "This is no problem. I will give you some to you later."Caesar paused. "And...... I was also forced to temporarily mark him, his body will have the scent of my pheromones, would this lead to suspicion from others?"
Xiwei patted his brother's shoulder and smiled: "Rest assured, I have medicine that masks the smell."
Caesar: "......"
Elder brother really has every medicine one could think of on hand so as to not get married simply by any means, fair or foul.
The two were chatting. Lin Yuan, who was sleeping in bed, suddenly turned over and somewhat discontentedly grumbled: "So noisy."
Caesar blanked out for a second and immediately pulled his elder brother out of the bedroom and said with a light voice: " Let him sleep peacefully for a while. I'll have White Feather go with you to get the medicine after the competition is over, I'll look for a chance to properly thank you."
Xiwei nodded and turned around with White Feather.
Caesar returned to the bedroom and found that Lin Yuan had actually woken up.
He evidently hasn't figured out the situation, half-consciously rubbing his eyes, looking somewhat confused around the interior of the Palace......
This room is too strange. The bedroom is unbelievably large, the bed is also exceedingly large, practically seven or eight people could lie down side by side on such a big bed. Even performing a somersault would be no problem. Isn't such a large area a bit too extravagant......
Moreover, the platinum-gold design engraved on the headboard looks very refined, obviously from a rich and honorable household.
The furnishings in the house are extremely elegant, the ceiling is closed, but the roof is open with portholes. A glittering group of stars in the sky can be seen through the transparent glass. The floor of the room is covered with thick and pure white carpet, just as if it was snow.
......where is this, ah?
Lin Yuan dazedly scratched his hair and raised his head and his vision caught sight of Caesar.
Caesar went to his bedside and sat down, he softly said: "Did that noise wake you up? Do you feel any discomfort in your body?"
Lin Yuan saw Caesar and felt a bit relieved, but he still doubtfully asked: "Where is this? What was wrong with my body back then? My heartbeat abruptly sped up and I felt so strange everywhere. Have you taken me to a hospital to get it examined?"
When Caesar heard these words, he felt a bit baffled.
What was wrong with your body? Go to the hospital for an examination? Don't tell me this little guy doesn't know that it was an oncoming estrus??
Caesar was silent for a moment, trying to put the softest possible voice: "Lin Yuan, you don't need to hide it from me, I already know."
Lin Yuan looked at him skeptically: "What do you know?"
Caesar: "......"
Lin Far: "??"
Caesar embarrassingly did not know where to start, "I'm saying I already know that you are an Omega and in order to suppress your estrus, I had no other choice but to temporarily bite into the gland on your nape. For marking you...... you, you will not blame me then?"
Just with Caesar mentioning it, he actually began to blush!
Lin Yuan: "..............."
What is he talking about, ah?
What Omega? What mark?
Lin Yuan was silent for a while before he said, "I don't seem to understand what you are saying."
Caesar hurriedly said, "Don't be angry, the mark on you is only temporary. If I didn't mark you at the time, the Omega pheromones in your body would continue to rise, it was certain to enter the love-making period, if that had happened you would have been unable to participate in the competition." Caesar paused and softly said, "Lin Yuan, as an Omega, no matter what your reason is to sneak into a military academy, it is known to be a punishable offense. Of course, I will help you hide this secret and when the competition is over, I will bring a batch of inhibitors back to school."
Lin Yuan: "............... "
The script is wrong?!
How did I suddenly become an Omega? Also love-making period? Also marked?
Lin Yuan pinched his palms as hard as he could to make himself wake up. Recalling the "mark" repeatedly mentioned by Caesar. His fingers subconsciously drifted to the nape of his neck and touched it. Sure enough, in that place, they felt the imprint left behind by Caesar......
Lin Yuan suddenly felt a burst of numbness spread across his scalp and his face also became complicated.
When Caesar saw his blank appearance, it became apparent that he had not clearly understood the situation until now.
Caesar suddenly felt that something was a bit off. If he was an Omega, he should be aware that his physical condition is caused by the onset of estrus. He should also have had the knowledge to know about marking, ah. Could it be that......
Caesar astonishingly asked: "Could it be you don't you know that you are an Omega?"
Lin Yuan was awfully puzzled but still said very seriously: "I've always been a Beta, ah. Caesar, aren't you mistaken somewhere? What are you doing marking a Beta? Also, I am not in any such estrus cycle, I have a defect in my immune system. Ever since I was a child, if I didn't take my medicine, my heart would beat faster and my body would grow feverish. Didn't I already tell you earlier??"
Lin Yuan used the"How are you so stupid?" and "You went so far as to mark a Beta" look towards Caesar.
......Caesar was left dumbfounded and speechless.
(
TN
: Kinda ends off abruptly, but yeah. I'm back thanks for being patient!)
Chapter 043: Identity
Lin Yuan undoubtedly knew that with Caesar's personality, it was impossible for him to stage this kind of senseless joke. However, what Caesar had said, he was utterly incapable of believing those words!
In his eighteen years of life, he had always been very sure that he was a Beta. Ever since he was a child, his biggest dream was to become an outstanding soldier, give his mother and sister a better life, and to find a gentle and kindhearted Beta girl to marry and have children with. Get married, have kids, and just all around live in peace and work happily!
But now, Caesar actually said that he is an Omega? Is this really not a joke?
Lin Yuan has lived on the barren and desolate planet of Rennes ever since he was a child. He had been entirely surrounded by Beta. For him, Omegas are a totally alien existence. He only knows that at the time of birth, Omegas must be registered in the Omega Association. Starting at the age of fourteen, all Omegas are arranged to go to a city and will be sent to the capital star to study under a specialized school. Before their first estrus at eighteen arrives, they are given a genetically matched Alpha assigned by the Omega Association and from then on, they stay at home to focus on bearing children for the later generation!
- How can I be an Omega?
- An Omega who is capable of giving birth to a child? An Omega that has irregular estruses every year? An Omega that needs to do nothing and only needs to be confined at home to serve an Alpha and bear offspring?
Lin Yuan looked at Caesar questioningly and repeated: "Caesar, you must have made a mistake. How could I be an Omega? I have been a Beta for the past 18 years."
Dr. Fornt had looked after him ever since he was a child. He understands his body the most thoroughly. He is a very talented doctor, he had even opened a private hospital on the planet of Rennes. He said that he had an innate immune system defect that would cause problems. It was certainly unlikely for it to be a mistake!
Maybe the situation just resembled an Omega's love-making period? And so Caesar misunderstood it?
How could Caesar be so stupid......?
He had clearly explained it to him, yet he still mistook him as an Omega, but to also to mark him? What the hell was he thinking?
Caesar saw that his frame of mind was very complicated when he received Lin Yuan's "look at this fool" expression.
Lin Yuan had always thought of himself as a Beta......
Obviously, in the environment that he grew up in, as well as his family, it had already instilled in him long ago this kind of "you are a Beta" notion. This belief had been deeply rooted in his heart, even over the past eighteen years everything that he had done had been done under that prerequisite.
He had thought that he was Beta, so he gained entry into the military school of St. Romia believing that he could become a soldier; He had thought that he was Beta, so he could calmly become friends with those Alphas Karl, Caesar, and Brian; He had thought that he was Beta, so he went on to participate in a major mech competition and with great effort, out of the entire school and with a great performance record, he became the runner up.
He didn't even know that he was an Omega and he didn't even know that the medicine he had been taking was an inhibitor!
Who is deliberately hiding this from him? Why would they hide it from him?
Looking at Lin Yuan's both surprised and confused appearance, Caesar suddenly felt distressed.
Letting him know the truth must be a major blow to him.
If in the past 18 years, he had earnestly worked hard to build up a dream from the bottom of his heart, then his identity as a Beta is the foundation of that dream.
Now to tell him that he is actually not a Beta but an Omega, his entire world would collapse.
All his efforts through these years have been entirely in vain......
He originally thought that Lin Yuan's had a reason to sneak into the military academy. Caesar did not expect him to be unaware of the whole matter.
This kind of situation unexpectantly made Caesar feel even more pained.
Facing Lin Yuan's eyes filled with bewilderment, and Caesar found himself somewhat reluctant to steel his heart to further continue.
However, as an Omega, Lin Yuan must know the truth and always be on guard to stay and attend school under the cover of Caesar. If someone discovers his identity, the consequences will absolutely be even more grave.
Caesar does not want in the slightest to keep Lin Yuan in the dark from this crucial problem.
Caesar took a deep breath and gently put his hand on Lin Yuan's shoulder. Looking at Lin Yuan's eyes, with a gentle tone, he softly said: "Lin Yuan, I haven't lied to you, you are really an Omega, the medicine you have always been taking before is not a medicine to control your immune system, but a kind of pheromone inhibitor that can disguise you as a Beta."
Lin Yuan: "......"
Caesar said: "Back when your body was feverish, I had White Feather give you an examination. White Feather found Omega pheromones in your blood, the concentration rose at one point to 8.5mg / L., when the concentration of Omega pheromone is higher than 9, you would enter your estrus cycle. In order to control your pheromone fluctuations, I injected you with an inhibitor and temporarily marked you."
Lin Yuan: "......"
Coming into contact with Caesar's serious gaze, Lin Yuan's thoughts were suddenly swept away leaving only a blank space in his mind.
Just now when his head grew feverish and dizzy, he ended up losing his consciousness. Anything that happened afterward has already become too unclear in his memory, but the imprint on the back of his neck is still there. Obviously, Caesar did not lie, Caesar truly marked him.
............how could this be?
............how did he suddenly become an Omega?
Lin Yuan stared blankly and in a low voice, he refuted: "But, Dr. Fornt said that it was a problem with my immune system. It was like this since I was a child. Could he have been lying to me?" Lin Yuan stopped and lightly tightened his fingers, doubtfully saying: "My mother is also a Beta, ah, if the mother is Beta, then they cannot give birth to an Omega son, right??"
Lin Yuan had two questions, Caesar was simply incapable of answering.
This is also what Caesar wants to ask.
- That Dr. Fornt and Lin Yuan's mother, why should they lie to him?
Presumably after marking his Omega, it will give rise to having an intense desire to wish to hold and protect them. Looking at his Omega tightly gripping his fingers and his helpless face, Caesar feels very distressed.
Strongly resisting the urge to force him into his arms, Caesar handed the communication device over in front of Lin Yuan and softened his voice as he said, "Lin Yuan, wouldn't it be better for you to ask them personally?"
Lin Yuan nodded. He took the communication device from Caesar and dialed his home number.
***
In front of the immersive projection screen, the scene of the home's kitchen appears.
His mother and sister are bustling around the kitchen, his sister is making a cake, the sweet smell of cream seems to be floating through the air and the familiar and comfortable scene makes Lin Yuan's heart unable to help himself feel a burst of bitterness.
"
Xiao
Yuan?" Mrs. Lin smiled and looked at her son who had just appeared on the screen.
(
TN
: Nickname kinda thing for people you're close to, means small or little.)
Lin Yuan is sitting on a bed in a bedroom, the bedroom is very large and the furnishings also give the impression of being high quality.
Mrs. Lin couldn't help but ask: "Where are you? Hotel?"
"En." Lin Yuan paused. "I am in the capital star representing the school to participate in the National Finals."
Lin Yao immediately came closer and gave him a thumbs up: "Xiao Yuan, I heard you got second place in the end, I still don't dare believe it! You are too amazing! Oh! That's right, I am right in the middle of making your favorite pastry when it's done I will mail it to the school to give it to you!" "
Lin Yuan scratched his head and smiled as he said: "Big Sis', no need, I can buy anything I want to eat at school. It is too much trouble to send food over with StarCraft and it's costly too......"
Lin Yao hurridly interrupted him. "It's not the same. I can certainly make it tastier myself and better than the storebought one. So, I will send it to you tomorrow. The vacuum sealed packaging will make sure it won't go bad. You can save it up and eat it slowly!"
Lin Yao finished talking and turned around to continue to toss around her pastries.
Lin Yuan was silent for a while before he said: "Mom, are you free now? I have something I want to say to you."
"Alright." Mrs. Lin untied her apron and explained a few words to her daughter. She grabbed the communication device and took it with her to the inside of her bedroom, her eyes tenderly looked at her son. "What's wrong? Xiao Yuan?"
Lin Yuan: "......"
Confronted with the gentle woman who had faced every torment to bring him up, Lin Yuan's voice lingered in his throat. He was actually momentarily incapable of asking anything...... Are you my biological mother? Why am I an Omega? Have you been lying to me from the beginning?
Lin Yuan took a deep breath and said: "Mom, the medicine you gave me, I accidentally lost it and my body suddenly had a problem......"
Mrs. Lin's face immediately became deathly pale, "Xiao Yuan, you, are you alright now? Where are you? Are there any Alphas nearby? My God...... Why are you so careless!"
Lin Yuan saw her face and his heart suddenly grew cold.
It seems to be true......
After an awfully long period of silence, Lin Yuan only quietly said, "Mom, I'm fine, a fellow student discovered my issue in time and injected me with an inhibitor."
Mrs. Lin: "......"
Lin Yuan looked at her and said: "In fact, I am Omega right? Even now, you still refused to tell me the truth?"
The rim of Mrs. Lin's eyes immediately became red, she began choking with sobs as she said: "I'm sorry, so sorry Xiao Yuan...... Mother didn't have the heart to tell you, That's why I hid it from you...... Actually...... Actually, I'm not your biological mother......"
Mrs. Lin sorted through her disordered emotional state as she recalled the circumstances during that time and disjointedly explained it to Lin Yuan -
"Fourteen years ago, my husband Lin Weicheng unexpectantly brought back a little four-year-old boy from a battlefield. He said that it was the son of his comrade-in-arms. His comrades-in-arms sacrificed himself on the front line and gave him the kindness of saving his life. He asked me to take care of the child as if he were a biological son...... He also told me that this child was an Omega born on an uninhabited planet, so he never went to the Omega Association to register him. The child was injected with an inhibitor at birth because his father wanted him to become Beta."
"In those years there was an underground organization that was secretly carrying out a gender-changing experiment, as long as the inhibitor was injected from an early age, after getting through estrus between the ages of 18 and 20 for three years, the Omega would completely lose fertility and become Beta......"
"You had thought that you were a Beta since childhood and you had also been very happy as a Beta. I didn't expect you to enter the examination for the military academy...... After I discussed it with Dr. Fornt, a bottle of inhibitor tablets was made for you to take to school. Mother lied about it being medicine to regulate your immune system defect...... I really couldn't dare tell you...... I had thought that as long as you took the medicine on time, you could completely become a Beta. I didn't expect such an accident to occur...... Sorry, Xiao Yuan, I'm so sorry...... Mother is so sorry for you......"
Looking at the woman in front of him with her face covered in tears, the rims of Lin Yuan's eyes also become slightly red.
Her health has always been bad and her personality has also always been so delicate. In fact, if she told him the truth earlier, he would have absolutely properly treasured that bottle of medicine and taken the medicine on time in order to become a Beta.
He would have been able to bear that kind of truth despite her not thinking that he could......
Even if he knew the truth about his biological parents dying in the war, even if he knew that she was only his adoptive mother, then what about it? For Lin Yuan, she and Lin Yao had always been his closest relatives in this world......
However, Mrs. Lin's inability steel her heart and hiding it has now instead led to an irreparable situation.
Lin Yuan asked: "That so-called gender-changing experiment, is it possible to continuously take the medicine until the age of 20 years old?"
Mrs. Lin said softly: "That's right, even if you accidentally stop taking the medicine, as long as you inject an inhibitor in time and completely control the estrus period."
Lin Yuan paused. "If...... if I was marked by an Alpha?"
Mrs. Lin was shocked and said: "Mark? You, you're not saying...... didn't your classmate give you an inhibitor?"
Lin Yuan was silent for a moment. "Because at the time, the pheromones in my body were rising chaotically, in order to suppress the pheremones in my body, he just temporarily...... temporarily...... marked me......"
Seeing his mother's deathly pale face, Lin Yuan was uneasily said: "......you can't then?"
Mrs. Lin: "......"
Lin Yuan continued speaking: "My estrus is really controlled by the inhibitor. Can I continue to take the medicine and still become a Beta?"
Mrs. Lin said nothing for a moment before she choked out with sobs: "You cannot, Xiao Yuan...... You have been marked, your Omega gland will be completely activated, even if you continue to inject more inhibitors, you can only control the estrus period and nothing else...... You can't become a Beta......"
Lin Yuan: ".............................."
After a long time being lost for words, Lin Yuan could only softly say: "That is to say, in the future, I have no other choice than to become an Omega? "
Mrs. Lin's burning red eyes did not answer.
Lin Yuan was silent for a moment. "Then, my biological parents should be an Alpha and an Omega, right? Who are they?"
Mrs. Lin said: "Back when Wei Cheng brought you back, he only said that you are the child of his savior. Your parents have already sacrificed their lives......"
Lin Yuan asked: "What about their names?"
Mrs. Lin sadly hung her head down and said: "I don't know that either."
Lin Yuan was silent for a very long time, he eventually took in a deep breath and smiled as he said: "Well, mother, don't feel so pained...... You have been raising me for so many years like this, in my heart, you will always be my mother...... take proper care of your body and wait for your son to come back to see you during vacation!"
Mrs. Lin's face was streaming with tears as she nodded her head as hard as she could manage. "Xiao Yuan, take care of yourself at school. I will have Dr. Fornt give you a batch of inhibitor pills later and express deliver it along with your sister's pastries......"
Lin Yuan nodded. "Okay......"
After hanging up the call, Lin Yuan's smile faded away and his head somewhat fell down towards the ground.
- It turns out that I am truly an Omega, a fatherless and motherless Omega born on an uninhabited planet.
In that dream, the man who said "You just become a Beta, okay?" should be his biological father. He already died in battle? So him saying to "Become a Beta" turned out to mean injecting inhibitors to change his gender then?
Finally, he had learned the truth. Lin Yuan nevertheless felt that his heart was blanketed in a cold sheet of ice.
Everything that he originally worked hard for seems to have suddenly lost its meaning.
His entire world was turned completely upside down, he doesn't even know what should be done next.
Caesar saw that he was hanging his head and not talking, his heart couldn't help but burst into deep pain.
Lin Yuan is obviously terribly sad from the bottom of his heart. Just a moment ago, he had unexpectantly even assumed a smiling face to instead turn to comfort his adoptive mother...... He had undoubtedly just suffered such a heavy blow, he was only pretending to calmly say: Come back to see you during vacation......
Just now, if the speech of his adoptive mother was given to others in his place, perhaps they would simply be unable to accept it. Under their broken heart, they couldn't help but blame their adoptive mother. Lin Yuan, however, accepted it very quickly. He didn't even show a thread nor hair of blame towards the adoptive mother who had left him in the dark for so many years......
This little guy is too strong, strong enough to make people feel an ache in their hearts.
Caesar finally couldn't help but step forward and with every ounce of his strength, tightly pull his Omega into his embrace.
Lin Yuan's body suddenly stiffened.
Strangely enough, Caesar's hug does not make him feel disgusted in the slightest, probably because of Caesar's mark...... Lin Yuan instead feels that this hug is incomparably warm, warm enough to make his nose feel painful, nearly shedding tears.
Caesar tightened his embrace around Lin Yuan and gently caressed and stroked that mark on Lin Yuan's nape.
It was precisely this mark that changed everything, it made it so that Lin Yuan could no longer complete the gender reconstruction project and completely turn into a Beta......
Under a freak combination of factors, his mistake had changed the fate of Lin Yuan by his own hand......
But, Caesar did not regret it. At that time, he could only do so, otherwise, the consequences would only be even more serious.
Caesar tightened his arms around him feeling some distress and said softly: "Xiao Yuan, don't be sad, even if you are an Omega, it doesn't matter. I have already helped you deal with everything so far. As long as you are willing, you can continue to have a Beta identity while studying at school, you can also become a soldier as you like and live your life. I will support you and let you get the most freedom......"
Lin Yuan's stiff body gradually relaxed under Caesar's placations.
He didn't even notice the alteration of Caesar's address. He called him "Xiao Yuan" and only his closest relatives would address him like that.
After a good while, Lin Yuan just then hesitantly extended his arms and gently returned Caesar's hug, burying his face in Caesar's embrace.
The shirt on Caesar's chest was immediately soaked in tears.
The little guy who had always been strong and optimistic unexpectantly wept......?
With a pained heart, Caesar immediately further tightened his embrace and gently moved along his back over and over with his
right hand
.
(
TN
: Yeaahhhh his other hand is still pretty messed up apparently.)
In Caesar's warm embrace, even if it is someone as strong as Lin Yuan, there was no way no matter how strong he was to continue to hold on in the end.
- Eighteen years of belief has thoroughly collapsed.
- The dream he had been striving to build was completely shattered.
- The ordinary and happy Beta suddenly became a motherless and fatherless Omega and his world was almost completely subverted.
He desperately needed to vent his innermost feelings of going crazy in despair rushing forth and Caesar's embrace finally gave him an opening to unburden himself. Strong unwillingness, frustration and a sense of loss, all kinds of emotions mixed together, converging into the kind of tears that uncontrollably bubbled forth from the rims of his eyes.
Between Alphas and Omegas, there has always been a strong attraction by nature. Let alone, Caesar has already marked Lin Yuan. Lin Yuan can't help but lay down his guard in front of Caesar and have a sense of dependence. This belongs to the nature of an Omega.
Lin Yuan did not know if the reason he was dependent on Caesar was because of the mark or not.
All he knows is that at this moment, Caesar, who gave him a hug, is the only bit warmth left in his world that has been subverted.
Lin Yuan outstretched both of his hands and as if he had grasped onto his last hope as he tightly returned Caesar's embrace.
***
The next morning, after eating a simple breakfast early in the morning, Caesar found Lin Yuan a new set of clothes to change into.
Because they were still required to participate in the pre-match training, Caesar did not look for excessively formal clothing for Lin Yuan but instead had him put on a set of relatively more casual clothes. The clean and neat white casual clothes made Lin Yuan look very energetic.
Although he didn't sleep well last night, he probably had a lot of things on his mind. After he got up in the morning, his expression quickly returned to normal. No longer was he at a loss over the issue of his Omega identity, he ate the delicious food from the inside of the Imperial Palace and even showed a cheerful smile.
Lin Yuan soon swept the plate clean in front of him, after eating his fill, he wiped his mouth off and then said with a smile: "Caesar, your home is truly very nice, do you live in this room by yourself?"
The size of this bedroom is practically almost comparable to that of the quadruple suite in the school.
Caesar sheepishly touched his nose and somewhat awkwardly explained: "Cough, actually, I am a Prince, this is the Empire's Imperial Palace."
Lin Yuan: "......"
Could there possibly be even more alarming news?
After waking up yesterday, Caesar said: "Actually, you are an Omega, I had no choice but to mark you because of it."
After waking up today, Caesar said: "Actually, I am a Prince, this is the Empire's Imperial Palace."
In just the short span of two days time, Lin Yuan suddenly felt that his brain was entirely not fast enough to use.
At this moment, Caesar said: "My Royal Father wants to meet you......"
"Your Royal Father?" Lin Yuan looked at Caesar in shock, "You mean...... His Majesty, Trent?"
Caesar nodded his head, "When I took you back to the Imperial Palace yesterday, Father became aware of everything. If by any chance your identity as an Omega leaks out, it will stir up great troubles. But you can rest assured, I have already come to an agreement with my Father, my Father will help you with anything for as long as you'd like, you can continue to study in school as a Beta until graduation."
"Can I?" Lin Yuan said incredulously, "His Majesty...... he will really help me?"
Caesar smiled and said: "Do not worry, it's going to be alright."
Even though Caesar had said as much, Lin Yuan still felt a bit overwhelmed from receiving such a huge favor.
Along with Caesar, they walked together to His Majesty, Trent's Palace, looking at the white buildings constructed inside of the Imperial Palace. Furthermore, inside such a big Palace were red carpets and the delicate and exquisite carvings on the roof. Lin Yuan even had the illusion of being in the middle of a dream.
This is the Imperial Palace after all?
He is actually standing in the Imperial Palace and was immediately going to see His Majesty of the Empire?
Just as Lin Yuan is still in shock, His Majesty Trent and Queen Anna walk inside the room together.
Caesar immediately bows to make his salutations as he says: "Royal Father, Royal Mother,"
Lin Yuan: "............"
Lin Yuan stared blankly for a moment, before hurridly imitating the appearance of Caesar's bow and salutations, "His Majesty............ Queen............"
My God, is he really seeing His Majesty and the Queen?
Lin Yuan's heart was curious to death and wanted to raise his head to see what the King and Queen really looked like in real life, but he was afraid by doing so would make him look like he had no manners, so he was forced to obediently hang his head and not dare to move about.
At this time, the calm voice of a middle-aged man sounded at the top of his head, his manner of speaking seemed to be carrying a smile: "Lin Yuan, come over here and take a seat."
Lin Yuan immediately saluted: "Thank you, Your Majesty!"
Caesar took Lin Yuan to the opposite seat and sat down, moving closer to Lin Yuan's ear, he said, "Don't be nervous, this is my
Royal Mother's Palace
. Today is a private meeting. My Father's temper is very good."
(
TN
: I know earlier it said they were walking to Trent's, but what do I know? Change of plans? Connected Palaces?)
Only then did Lin Yuan get the courage to raise his head and it just so happened that he locked his gaze with His Majesty, Trent's.
His Majesty's gaze is very gentle, there is not the slightest sense of oppression at all, that is, this gentleness is the same one that the elders use to look upon the younger generation. The Queen's eyes were even more gentle, just like...... his mother at home?
Queen Anna's gentle gaze towards him only made Lin Yuan grow embarrassed.
Trent started to open his mouth to speak: "Lin Yuan, your matter has already been talked over with me and Caesar. You can rest assured that your secret as an Omega and will not leak out. You can continue to attend school......" Trent paused and then smiled as he said, "If you are good enough, you can serve in the best legion after graduation. In the future, you can even become a General of the Empire."
Trent's words incessantly shock Lin Yuan and left him unable to respond, even Caesar looked back at his Father entirely in awe.
Chapter 044: Old Affairs
The Imperial law expressly stipulates that all Omegas must be registered in the association at the time of birth and must strictly obey the arrangements of the association. The Military Department also has a ban forbidding Omegas to join the army. After finding out that he was an Omega, Lin Yuan felt very disheartened. He had thought that he could no longer attend school. The Military Department would expel him from the military and he would even be arrested and imprisoned......
Why would His Majesty give him a favor that went outside the law?
Coming into contact with Lin Yuan's doubtful gaze, Trent couldn't help but feel a smile raise on his lips.
The youth in front of him has a pair of clear black eyes, these jet-black eyes were extremely clever. Fair skin and hair as if it were dipped in ink were the physical traits also inherited from his biological father, but his optimistic and lively personality, however, does not resemble that indifferent father of his in the slightest.
Looking at this youth, there will always be a very strange sense of familiarity settling at the bottom of his heart.
***
Many years ago, when Trent was still a Prince, together with Ling Yu and Rosen he had attended the St. Romia Military Institute of Military Affairs in the Command Department. Rosen and Ling Yu were Trent's most adored
junior brothers
.
(
TN
: As in they were his younger fellow students.)
At the time when Ling Yu had his accident, Trent had been the Empire's Imperial Monarch for less than five years. The political power in his hand was not stable. In addition, there were too many people in the Military who were unable to stand Ling Yu and with Trent's own power, there was simply nothing he could do to save him
Even though Trent was His Majesty of the Empire, in the end, the Empire was not his alone to have the final say.
Over the past six hundred years since the founding of the Lacey Empire, the power has been divided into the hands of several influential families. The founding Emperor of those days was a valiant Generalissimo, he also paid special attention to the so-called camaraderie shared between comrades-in-arms. Following the establishment of the Empire, he accompanied the founding Emperor to lay down this regime. The generalissimos had all been promoted as the heads of the major legions, it could even be said that they were overflowing with heavenly power.
It was a pity that this esteemed ancestor died far too early. The one who had taken up the Imperial Throne was a mild-mannered Prince. At that time, the war had erupted between the Lacey Empire and the Strand Federation. The newly-appointed His Majesty completely lacked prestige in the military and those generalissimos refused to obey or comply with his orders and furthermore divided up the
commander-in-chief's
military power. Later, the Military Department even independently left the Government's Legislative Assembly, becoming its own separate institution.
(
TN
: I'm assuming that this is the title referring to the Kings or Emperors seeing as they're supposed to be the ones commanding over the entire military.)
Over time, the power of the Imperial family began to gradually decline.
The Emperor who no had any military power in his hands just became a figurehead and puppet for the Military Department.
This kind of scene lasted for nearly five hundred years. When Trent took on Imperial throne from his Father's hands, the internal trouble and outside aggression even made him unable to move a single step. Just precisely balancing the power of each influential family together was a difficult problem, not to mention still having to face the Federation's hostile forces constantly harassing their border.
Fortunately, although Trent was young in those days, he still kept his composure. After becoming the Monarch, he put out a mild temperament and did not openly confront the Military Department. He secretly cultivated himself to gradually form his own power.
Rosen and Ling Yu were the two talented field commanders that Trent personally selected.
Rosen's family, the Bessemer clan's power had already begun to wither away and Ling Yu was just a Beta with no strong backing. The Military did not care about the two at the time and even thought that the two of them certainly wouldn't go far. The one in charge of supporting the Glory Legion is nothing more than a compliant chess piece for the Military to order around; the Dark Night Legion was responsible for expeditions, they would spend all day long at the front line acting as cannon fodder and it actually saved them from experiencing a lot of troubles.
Until those two S-class mechs personally made by Mr. Aston saw the light of day!
Black Dragon and Vermillion Bird were the two mechs created during a corresponding time period. The only ones capable of perfectly matching the
spiritual essence
of Black Dragon and Vermillion Bird was only that of Rosen and Ling Yu! Ever since the possession of those two mechs, the influence of the Glory Legion and the Dark Night Legion grew even stronger, especially Vermillion Bird, that smear of bright red assaulting the enemy on the front line was simply unstoppable!
(
TN
: I'm now kind of conflicting on continuing to refer to this as spiritual kind of things rather than mental strength. For now, I'm just gonna kinda switch back and forth between them since they kind of mean the same thing? Just sometimes referring it to mental strength makes a lot more sense. If I'm able to make up my mind or one of you feels like doing it for me I'll go back and change it to one or the other and keep it consistent from then on.)
Reports of victory from the frontline come through again and again, and more and more mails began requesting to promote Ling Yu to a General......
What is even more terrifying is that these two legions were carried along by Rosen and Ling Yu without any outside help and a great number of important high-ranking military officers in those legions had followed them for many years and were absolutely loyal to their generals. These two legions had a scarily formidable cohesiveness!
Some of these senior figures in the Military began to perceive a crisis.
They attempted every possible method to try to kill Ling Yu, deliberately giving the Dark Night Legion all kinds of dangerous missions. However, thanks to Ling Yu's excellent commanding ability, Ling Yu led the Dark Night Legion time and time again to successfully complete these missions!
The brass of the Military Department hated it enough to make their
teeth itch
, but from beginning to end there was no reasonable justification to eliminate the Dark Night Legion.
(
TN
: Angry enough to bite something.)
It was at this time, Ling Yu's inhibitor suddenly failed and his identity as an Omega was exposed!
Finally, the Military Department, at last, received an opportunity to punish Ling Yu!
Trent has always harbored suspicions about whether Ling Yu's inhibitor failure was caused by someone in the Military Department sabotaging it, was it even possible for there to be a traitor in the Dark Night Legion? He had been injecting inhibitors for so many years and there had never been a problem. How could it suddenly fail in the middle of a battlefield?
Someone with such a cautious personality like Ling Yu, it was impossible for him to make such a fatal mistake. The only explanation is that someone deliberately sabotaged him, secretly switching out his medication or adding a substance into his food or drinking water to neutralize the Omega inhibitor!
Himself included didn't even know that Ling Yu was an Omega...... Who else would know about this secret?
Trent wants to investigate, but he simply has no way to start. The accident happened so suddenly back then. Finding out that Ling Yu had actually been an Omega, even Trent had no time to fully comprehend it!
His most adored junior brother, the one he had even slyly thought about promoting into a four-star General, having Ling Yu act as his right-hand man, actually concealed his identity as an Omega and infuriated the Military Department! If Ling Yu told him earlier that he was an Omega, at the very least he could have properly prepared for a response in the case of an emergency situation. Now that the Military Department had finally gotten ahold of such incriminating information about Ling Yu, it is absolutely impossible to lightly let him off!
At that time, several generalissimos of the Military Department unanimously agreed that Ling Yu deserved severe punishment.
Fortunately, Rosen played a hand, deliberately making Ling Yu pregnant when he marked him...... Trent convinced the court-martial to liberate Ling Yu using the law of "pregnant people should not be imprisoned" and changed the lifelong prison sentence into lifelong house arrest.
Even so, the Military still refused to let Ling Yu off......
They actually sent people to assassinate Ling Yu in order to eliminate Ling Yu by fair means or foul!
Unexpectedly, the proud Ling Yu escaped from Cepheus by piloting Black Dragon immediately after learning that he was pregnant and the person who was sent to assassinate Ling Yu threw themselves at Rosen's apartment in vain! Even more unexpectedly, the next day, Black Dragon's mech wreckage and Ling Yu's clothing fragments were found in the interstellar ruins. Ling Yu encountered a rare cosmic sandstorm seen only every other decade and with the baby in his abdomen, he was buried alongside that life amidst the interstellar ruins.
Several generalissimos in the Military finally breathed out a sigh of relief.
In reality, at that time, Trent had employed the same exact method that Caesar had done to keep those people from the museum in the dark to rescue Vermillion Bird!
-Feigning death.
To completely protect Ling Yu's safety, he can only let him "die".
As long as Ling Yu is alive, they will always find opportunities, use the incriminating information that they had gained to sentence him for a crime or directly assassinate him. The elimination of Ling Yu is the unanimously agreed consensus reached by those generalissimos! Only when Ling Yu is dead, they will completely stop!
During the time when Black Dragon escaped, King Lion produced a unique induction between the S-class mechs made by Mr. Aston! Before the arrival of the Military Department, Trent had already immediately led the Royal Guard Squadron to obstruct Ling Yu by surrounding him around the constellation of Cepheus. At the fastest speed, he created an illusion of Black Dragon and Ling Yu being buried together!
When the military forces arrived, they only saw Black Dragon's armor wreckage and Ling Yu's clothing fragments!
And because Rosen was too deeply passionate and attached a lot of importance to Ling Yu, he was too much of a forthright person to be able to pretend that he was deeply affected. Ling Yu is suspected without end that there was a traitor not only in the Dark Night Legion but also in the Glory Legion. Additionally, in his heart as far as him carrying Rosen's child is concerned, the matter is still very conflicting. Thus, Ling Yu reached a consensus with Trent, this matter will be temporarily withheld from Rosen.
Sure enough, Rosen faced the scene of the interstellar ruins with tears and set up a monument after returning home, finally letting those several generalissimos of the Military Department completely believe without fault the fact that "Ling Yu is dead."
Trent had spent more than a decade to think of every possible method to promote Rosen to a Marshal.
It is also because Rosen's most beloved person had "died", the Rosen's temperament has become indifferent and aloof like a walking corpse. The Empire's 5 four-star generals had a good, friendly relationship, but naturally, they also had conflicting views. The five generals who also refused to comply with anyone else permitting Rosen who was not friendly with them nor an influential powerhouse unexpectedly voted him through unanimously to become a Marshal.
Rosen became the Marshal.
Even if he is at the high position of a Marshal, any important military orders that he issues still must be approved by the vote of the five generals of the Military Department before they can be passed down to the lower chains of command. This is the tradition that the military has continued on for centuries - all the important decisions of the military must be voted through the five generals in order to be executable.
The Military Department only gave His Majesty the power of a figurehead and turned the royal family into puppets.
The Marshal that is elected by the Military is actually the Military Department's spokesperson who only has the rank of a Marshal but does not possess the greatest power in reality.
The real power of the Emperor's XX Department are still being passed down in the hands of the five influential families for centuries - the Bayh family, the Warwick family, the Stork family, the Orlando family, and the Sharman family.
This phenomenon has lasted for more than five hundred years.
Acting as a figurehead ruler, Trent is not in a hurry.
- The opportunity he is waiting for will arrive very soon.
***
Looking at the youth in front of him who looked like a Ling Yu, Trent's eyes became even gentler, he smiled as he asked: "Lin Yuan, have you ever heard about the Dark Night Legion?"
For a moment, Lin Yuan could not help but be lost for words, the Dark Night Legion? He heard this name while he was in the cockpit of Vermillion Bird matching his spiritual essence, the voice of that person in Vermillion Bird's memory was very similar to the father in his childhood memories.
Could it be that there was a relationship between my biological father and the Dark Night Legion?
Lin Yuan replied honestly: "I have heard about it, I also searched on the Internet, but I did not find any useful information......"
Trent said: "Naturally that is because the Military deliberately sealed off all of the information pertaining to the Dark Night Legion."
Lin Yuan widened his eyes in surprise, "Sealed off? Did that legion make a big mistake?"
Trent shook his head. "The Dark Night Legion not only made no mistakes but instead established plenty of meritorious services. It is quite a pity. The General of the Dark Night Legion, Ling Yu, was an Omega. After his identity was exposed, he was immediately expelled from the military registry by the Military Department and as a result, the Dark Night Legion was forced to disband."
Lin Yuan stared blankly, not daring to fully accept it, he asked in disbelief: "Just because he was an Omega, they rejected everything that he did just like that?"
The youth's question made Trent's heart slightly ache.
Yes, that's right. Just because Ling Yu is an Omega, everything about his outstanding military service has become a kind of mockery in the eyes of those generalissimos in the Military Department. How could an Alpha listen and obey the orders of an Omega? How could they be led by an Omega? How could they let an Omega take troops to attack the enemy on the front line?
This is simply beating all of those Alpha's faces.
In the days following the exposure of Ling Yu's Omega identity, the face of some of the Military Department's Alphas became very unsightly.
Trent was silent for a moment before saying in a low voice: "Lin Yuan, if you want to exchange one thing for another, you are allowed to choose. Do you want to be an ordinary Omega that gets married and has kids, or do you want to risk injecting inhibitors to become a soldier?"
Lin Yuan said without hesitation: "I definitely want to become a soldier!"
He paused, then added on: "Although this way is very risky, with the alternative being having to always be locked up at home and only being responsible for bearing children, what kind of life would that be anyways? What's the difference between being locked up like that and being a house pet?"
Trent couldn't help but let out a smile, "So there we have it, I will allow you to continue studying at school. You have to work hard, I hope that you will become an excellent general just like Ling Yu in the future."
He doesn't know why, but when His Majesty mentioned the General, Lin Yuan experienced an unusual aggrieved feeling towards him...... He is also an Omega, his experience was truly too miserable......
Can he really be a brave and excellent General like him?
For this one goal, even at the risk of one's life with all one's strength exhausted, it is totally worth it!
Lin Yuan tightly clenched his hand into a fist, stood up, and facing His Majesty, he saluted as he fell into a standard military ceremony. He gratefully said: "Your Majesty, thank you for your confidence in me! I will definitely redouble my efforts!"
Looking at the deadly earnest youth's serious appearance, Trent couldn't help but smile in the end.
- This child truly attracts people's affection. Caesar has fallen for him, he truly picked up a treasure.
Trent nodded and said, "Well, I looked forward to the day when I can personally confer you the rank of General!"
Lin Yuan soon overwhelmed from the favor he was receiving.
Why does His Majesty believe in me so much? Even though it is said that a soldier that did not wish to be a General was not a good soldier, Lin Yuan had also once dreamed in the past that he could become a General who was
a hundred answers to a single call
. Lin Yuan still understands his level very thoroughly. It would be pretty good to be a small-time soldier with his current ability......
(
TN
: OP I guess would be another way to say it? All powerful?)
Perhaps, His Majesty merely said this as an encouragement and nothing more?
In any case, there is a set goal with becoming a General as the objective, like this he will be more energetic when struggling. But also seeing as he is an Omega, becoming a top General is also considered to be striving for the voices of his Omega compatriots?
After thinking of it this way, Lin Yuan was relieved, he sent an appreciative smile towards His Majesty.
Queen Anna looked at his smiling expression and couldn't help but to softly say: "Alright, we're meeting in private, but it feels the same as holding a political discussion the Military Affairs Office. If everyone is done talking about generals, then shouldn't you also talk about the upcoming competition?"
Facing Queen Anna's smiling eyes, Lin became a little embarrassed and scratched his head.
The Queen's voice sounded gentle and soft like water, her smile also looked particularly amiable. As the mother of the Empire, Queen Anna seemed educated and well-balanced as well as classy. Is such an Omega the most perfect Omega in everyone's mind then?
He is not in the least comparable to this master who'd perfected this skill. Since he is just a person who plays with mechs on the Internet in his free time, how can he be a proper Omega?
Lin Yuan feels certain that at the time of his birth, his genes made a mistake.
Anna asked: "Lin Yuan, you are an Omega, can you beat those Alphas, and represent the school to go and participate in the national competition? Doesn't it subconsciously feel strange?"
Listening to Anna speak, Lin Yuan did have some doubts arise.
Anna smiled and said: "In fact, because piloting mech is not directly related to physical strength, but in other words, it's more related to one's mental threshold. That is, regardless of whether you are an Alpha, Beta or Omega, when you pilot the mech, as long as your reaction is fast enough, you can achieve your goal. The more advanced the mech, the greater the influence of your mental power on the mech."
Unlike the human face-to-face and hand to hand combat, the external form and function of the mech are the same, the pilot's hand speed and reaction ability determines everything, even if the one piloting the mech is a thin and weak Omega, as long as their finger's reaction ability is fast enough, they can also defeat a tall and robust Alpha.
Especially for an S-class mech, the pilot relies entirely on mental strength to communicate with the mech.
However, because pretty much all of the Empire's Omegas have to go to the specialized Omega schools to receive education, not very many Omegas have operated mechs, they're completely unaware of this secret...... the secret that can make them strong!
This secret was discovered by Brian's biological dad, Berg.
Berg is His Majesty's younger paternal cousin. He had always secretly studied mechs before he was married to Brian's father, Drew. After marrying the Bayh family, Mr. Aston appreciated his insights on mechs. In the process of developing a mech, Berg found that the influence of an Omega's mental power on a mech can unexpectedly reach the same level as an Alpha!
For this reason, Berg also personally conducted an experiment and found that he not only can pilot ordinary A-class and B-class mechs but even successfully control his husband, Drew's S-class mech Viper!
As one of the ten S-class mechs of the Empire, the Viper has the most powerful flexibility and assault ability out of the S-class mech. It has accompanied Drew Bayh for many years and is extremely loyal to its master. However, as an Omega, Berg surprisingly thoroughly conquered it with a strong mental threshold!
Mr. Aston smiled widely causing his eyes to squint. General Drew was immediately stunned......
Once this secret is known by people, it will definitely shake the centuries-old social foundation of the Empire. Therefore, Berg can only slyly tell the secret to His Majesty and the Queen.
Lin Yuan became aware of this matter straight from the Queen's mouth and also could not help but be shocked.
He has not had access to more advanced mechs. He only knows that the piloting level of a C-class mech has something to do with the pilot's individual basic essence, but he did not expect that the key factor affecting the mech is not physical strength, but mental strength.
The words of Queen Anna are like opening the door to a new world for Lin Yuan.
So what about physical strength being inferior to an Alpha? So what is one is an Omega? Omegas can also work hard to do what they like and live the life they want!
Seeing the surprised and excited appearance of the youth in front of her, Anna continued speaking: "So, Lin Yuan, you don't have to worry about it at all. Continue to work together with Caesar to earnestly prepare for the competition and go all out then."
Lin Yuan immediately replied: Yes! Queen, I will do my best along with everyone!"
Queen Anna nodded with a smile. "Then, in that case, I will be in the Imperial Palace, waiting to get the good news of you taking the championship."
***
Until the moment he departed the Palace with Caesar, Lin Yuan was still in a state of extreme shock.
How could His Majesty and the Queen have such nice temperaments? There was not the slightest bit of arrogance, their eyes are very gentle, and when they spoke they were also very amicable and approachable, especially the Queen, her voice is too gentle and soft, even more gentler than his mother.
Seeing Lin Yuan's face without that sort of dismayed expression from last night, Caesar's heart finally relaxed.
It seems that Father and Mother are very fond of Lin Yuan, they were surprisingly very gentle towards Lin Yuan, even Caesar also did not expect it.
After returning to his Palace and closing the door, Caesar suddenly looked at Lin Yuan and asked in a low timbre: "Xiao Yuan, do you still care if you are an Omega now?"
Lin Yuan scratched his head and said: "It's impossible not to mind, right? I have been a Beta for 18 years and to suddenly become an Omega, I am not really completely resigned to that fact now......"
Yes, I was at first a Beta, but while getting up in the morning, I was suddenly informed that I was actually an Omega. My beliefs of a full 18 years were suddenly destroyed. if someone else was in my position they may have already collapsed.
Fortunately, Lin Yuan's personality is very strong. He cried in Caesar's arms last night for the evening and then quickly recovered afterward.
Lin Yuan gave out a helpless smile: "It is already like this anyway. Besides accepting it, what else can I possibly do?"
Caesar looked at his helpless expression and couldn't help but reach out and gently grab his shoulder. He said softly: " It doesn't matter, whether you are Omega or not, you are still Lin Yuan, isn't that right?"
Lin Yuan nodded with all his strength, "Yes, I am still Lin Yuan. Everything except being an Omega has not changed!"
The two looked at each other and smiled.
Lin Yuan scratched his head and continued on speaking: "I had originally thought that if I was an Omega, I would definitely not be able to attend school, perhaps I would even be punished by the Military...... Caesar, I didn't expect that you were actually a Prince and even persuaded His Majesty to help me...... I can actually continue to attend school."
Lin Yuan raised his head and looked at Caesar earnestly: "Caesar, thank you, truly...... I don't know what I'd have done without you...... Thank you for helping me......"
Look at this little guy's grateful gaze, Caesar couldn't help but ask: "You really want to thank me?"
Lin Yuan sincerely nodded his head. "Without a doubt, this time you saved me. If it weren't for you, I might have been imprisoned."
Caesar smiled and said: "Then you can owe me a favor, there will be a chance to return it in the future."
Lin Yuan immediately said a simple: "Alright!"
He was completely unaware that Caesar secretly tricked him.
Laying his gaze on Caesar's smile, Lin Yuan's heart was still thinking...... Caesar is truly a good person. It's so lucky to have such a loyal friend.
***
After Caesar and Lin Yuan left, Trent's smiling expression faded away.
Anna softly asked: "Since Xiao Yuan has already appeared, should we tell Rosen the whole truth?"
Trent was taciturn for a second, then saying: "Ling Yu has never wanted Rosen to become aware of the existence of this child, his personality, as you know, still takes offense about the matter of Rosen's forced marking of him in the past. Besides, now is not the time to lay all of our cards on the table, the Military has been paying close attention to Rosen's actions. If Rosen and Xiao Yuan recognize each other, the truth will be exposed about Ling Yu's feigned death,
ruining the enterprise for the sake of one basketful.
"
(
TN
: Failing in the homestretch over a small thing.)
Having said that, Trent's gaze could not help but grow deeper.
As the one who took over the terrible mess that his father's generation left behind with the Military making His Majesty and the royal family mere figureheads, he must endure what an ordinary person could not possibly endure. The so-called gentle temperament has also been practiced to perfection for so many years.
Anna lightly sighed, and somewhat couldn't bear but to say: "Rosen has suffered enough torment in these years. Ling Yu's method is truly too cruel to him......"
Trent said in a low voice: "No hurry. There is the existence of this child Xiao Yuan, there will always be a day where the conflict between the two of them will be resolved."
Anna nodded. "I hope so."
Trent said: "Yes, three days from now is Mr. Aston's two hundredth birthday banquet celebration, is the gift ready?"
Anna said: "Rest assured, it's already ready."
***
At the same time, inside Rosen's apartment.
After returning from discussing politics in the Military Affairs Office, Rosen had a long dream. He dreamed that he had returned to his youthful years attending the military academy. On the eve of graduation, a few roommates slipped out to have a drink. Ling Yu was rarely drunk, he had to be carried back to the dormitories on Rosen's back.
After returning Ling Yu to his bedroom, Rosen sat on his bedside and looked at the slightly flushed face of the drunk youth who was sleeping on the bed. Eventually, he was unable to help but to become emotionally affected and stealthily laid a kiss down......
Early the following morning, After three years of being roommates, the four respectively left with their luggage. As an ordinary Beta without any powerful backing, in the end, Ling Yu was allocated to the preparatory battalion of the Dark Night Legion on the frontline by the Military Department.
Rosen looked back towards the departing figure and finally couldn't help but to call out to him: "Ling Yu."
Ling Yu incredulously turned his head back: "What?"
Rosen looked at the other deeply, after a good while, his mouth was stupid and he only spoke out one line: "......take care."
Ling Yu faintly spoke: "You too."Later on in the dreamland, he again returned to the day he brought back Ling Yu from the prison.
He dreamed that Ling Yu was pregnant and he had been there all along to accompany him and look after him from his side. Not too long after, Ling Yu had just given birth to the child, Ling Yu's expression as he held the child in his arms looked to be especially gentle. He sat on the bedside and extended his arms to tightly draw the bundle close to his shoulder......
Ling Yu quietly asked: "Give a name for this child, then? How about...... What do you think about that one?"
Rosen heard his tender voice say: "As long as you like it."
In his dreamland, Rosen was just like an outsider, he stood by and looked upon that warm scene of the family of three together. His nose was bitter and a stream of tears threatened to flow down.
He trembled, reaching out his hands, wishing to touch the child's face. However, everything in the dreamland suddenly grew particularly fuzzy. He couldn't hear the child's name, he couldn't see the child's appearance clearly. Reaching out his hand and in a flash, all that was beautiful then suddenly faded away from his vision......
Rosen woke up.
Rosen wrinkled his brow as he got out of bed and went to his apartment's back garden.
It was currently very late at night. The night was cool like water and the silvery white moonlight enveloped the ground as if it were a layer of light muslin. There is an ice-cold tombstone sat in the back garden, it was engraved with a row of clear-cut handwriting: the Imperial Dark Night Legion, the Tomb of General, Ling Yu.
The side of the tombstone was packed full of planted flowers.
Winter had just passed, those flowers seemed to suddenly awaken overnight, all around the tombstone blossomed into
beautiful purples and brilliant reds
.
(
TN
: They don't have to be specifically red and purple flowers, it's just a saying that means beautiful flowers.)
This kind of flower is called a primrose.
Legend has it that in the Greek mythology of the ancient earth era, there was a young man named Balalisuosi. He had a beautiful fiancée. They were looking forward to the day of marriage, but later his unmarried wife died of illness. Because of this young man's excessive sorrow, he also passed away in spite of everything. A God pitied him, he turned him into flowers, placing them next to his lover's tombstone, letting him eternally accompany his lover.
Every year during the springtime, this flower will bloom. Year after year, the flowers bloom and wither. At last, this flower of beautiful purples and brilliant reds blossoms to cover the mountains and plains as far as the eye can see, forming the most magnificent landscape.
This is the origin of the primrose.
This flower represents the meaning of: There is no other love except for you.
- There is no other love except for you.
- In my life, I have also only loved you, Ling Yu.
Recalling the dreamland from just a moment ago, Rosen felt a stab of pain in his heart.
How good would it have been if Ling Yu and that child were still alive?
The author has something to say:
(
TN
: Before you hop down here the author wrote a spoiler in her authors note in the last paragraph so to avoid ya'll jumping on my throat here's a precursory spoiler warning.)
The legend of primrose is true
, the primrose is also the lucky flower of Aquarius and Aries~~(Suddenly becomes educated in fine arts and literature)
(
TN
: Yep. Nope. I died. There's no such legend in Greek mythology and I only found little snippets of a similarly worded paragraph on the Chinese side. The author said it was true so I don't really know. I spent 40 minutes looking, I gave up. His name is left in Pinyin because like all bloody hell I tried to find something on that too. I can never look at a primrose again, but I did learn that an additional meaning was "I can't live without you." and that kinda hurt thinking about it.)
I see many students asking in advance for spoilers, Rosen and Ling Yu will be together, there will be meat after they are together, this author does not write tragedies.
Chapter 045: The National Competition
(
TN
: Changed it back to Suzaku shrugshrugshrug~ sounded cooler and easier to just leave it like that.)
The gathering time for the training is early in the morning at 9:00, Caesar pilots White Feather along with Lin Yuan to return straight to the hotel at the fastest possible speed.
In the cockpit of White Feather, Lin Yuan couldn't help but ask: "White Feather, are you really an S-Class mech?"
Facing Lin Yuan, White Feather turned into the shape of a feather and performed a lively twisting motion, it excitedly spoke to him: "Are you feeling super surprised? I am indeed an S-Class mech! I told you that I have the most advanced firepower system in the Empire mounted on my body, I can immediately blast that hotel into a big pit!"
Listening to White Feather shooting off his mouth in there, Caesar could only feel utterly helpless. As the master of White Feather, Caesar sometimes genuinely really wanted to bring this guy to the Mech Association and wash his brain.
Fortunately, Lin Yuan seems to be quite chatty with it in return. He smiled and said: "Are you really so formidable? Back when Caesar lent you to me for the competition training, the control panel I saw was C-Class, it looks completely different now."
Lin Yuan inquisitively looked at the flashing bright-white nerve wire that floated in the air. The thin line of thread was lightly wrapped around Caesar's finger. Entering through the finger, the peripheral nerves were linked and connected with Caesar's brain. Caesar had no need to manually press any buttons, White Feather will immediately execute any thought from his brain, this was equivalent to "human and machine as one."
White Feather excitedly said: "Yep! At that time, Master had me turn into C-Class to let you practice. Just then I forged a C-Class control panel for you! S-Class mechs can change shape. Do you want to see? I could change into something for you if you want?"
Lin Yuan asked with some interest: "What can you change into?"
White Feather proudly said: "I can change into many kinds of shapes. I can become all types of flying mechs, my original form is a bird. I can change into a dragon, ah, a butterfly, ah, a phoenix, ah, and so on...... Of course, when landing, I can also become a humanoid. This is the most basic skill! When necessary, I can even temporarily remove the weapons from my body for my Master's use, letting my Master directly take over hacking people down!"
Once White Feather's chatter mode is turned on, it's simply unable to stop!
Caesar finally couldn't stand it any longer, he commanded: "White Feather, pick up the pace to the hotel, we'll be late."
"......Oh!" White Feather was forced to give up on the idea of Lin Yuan's detailed discussion over the proposal of the changing shape and sped up its flight speed toward the hotel.
Lin Yuan stood inside the piloting room and looked outside through the porthole to watch the scenery. Caesar walked up to Lin Yuan's side and said in a low voice: "If you like White Feather, I can lend it to you in the future."
Lin Yuan swiveled his head back, "Really?"
"Of course, it looks like White Feather really likes you." Caesar smiled, "However, you're going to have your own mech very soon. I bet when that moment comes, you'll no longer have White Feather in your eyes."
Lin Yuan doubts: "My own mech?"
Caesar nodded and said: "Did you forget? In this National Competition, if our school team can place in the top three, all contestants can receive a C-Class mech...... When the time comes you will have a pleasant surprise."
Lin Yuan remembered this reward and as he listened to Caesar's words, he suddenly began to look forward to it more and more.
***
By the time they returned to the hotel together, it was 8:50 in the morning. Instructor Knox and the other eight contestants from St. Romia Military Academy had already gathered at the hotel's main entrance.
Lin Yuan had been marked by Caesar and there was the distinct scent of Caesar on his body. Fortunately, the medicine that Big Prince had given him completely concealed this scent. The current smell of Lin Yuan's pheromones is still that of a Beta, their classmates held not even the slightest suspicions of him and Caesar.
Lin Yuan couldn't help but gingerly touch the nape of his neck.
The teeth marks on the nape of his neck are very distinct. Even when he just runs his fingers across the marked area, he feels his whole body grow soft. It would unavoidably be discovered. Caesar specially found a high-collared piece of clothing to give to him and cover it. In the future, he'll probably have to wear this kind of high-collared clothing all the time in school.
But it doesn't matter, compared with being able to keep his Beta identity to continue attending school, "the mark on the back of his neck" is merely a trivial matter. Lin Yuan does not mind this at all.
At last, Knox led the group of people over to the mech competition's training site.
Because the rules of the National Competition are relatively complicated, the Mech Association has arranged all the teams to go to the competitions playing field three days before the game to train and briefly familiarize themselves with the rules.
The National Competition is stretched into a three-day schedule, divided into an obstacle course,
pressure competition
, tactical competition, and the final group showdown. For each competition, every group sends out five players to enter the arena, at most, one person will participate in three matches, and the 10 competing contestants can freely combine.
(
TN
: Renamed from stress competition, the rules will be explained later.)
Because each match accumulates points differently, as a result, the instructors who lead the team must make a choice when there is an insufficient amount of talented people.
However, Knox was not worried in the slightest. The top ten students of St. Romia Military Academy are reckoned to be one of the very best and outstanding contestants among their peers in the entire Empire. They are rushing straight towards the championship title and will not concede to defeat in any of their matches!
Knox divided the group according to the characteristics of each player and the mech type they are most familiar with.
Lin Yuan and Caesar are the crowned victor and runner-up of the school-wide competition. As the seeded players, they must play in three matches. Lin Yuan is required to compete in the pressure competition, tactical competition, and the final group showdown. Caesar is required to compete in the obstacle course, tactical competition, and the final group showdown.
Under the command of Knox, the intensive training was carried out.
***
Time flies by fast and on the morning of March 3, the National Mech Competition finally began.
The President of the Mech Association, Patrick, personally delivered a speech at the opening ceremony, and the prizes for the top three were also lumped together to be exhibited. Each contestant that is delegated a place in the top three as well as the rest of the school's contestants in the competition who express excellence as a competitor will receive a mech worth more than 500,000 crystal coins. They are also immediately exempt from the exam and receive the piloting qualification certificate for a C-Class mech!
After the president displayed the prize, the audience immediately broke out into an enthusiastic and joyous cheer......
On the VIP spectator's grandstand.
The man wearing a white military uniform suddenly smiled and began to speak: "This year's grand competition looks to be a truly magnificent sight. The number of participating schools has more than doubled compared to last year, right?"
The adjutant next to him immediately and respectfully said: "That's correct General! According to the statistics, there are a total of 98 teams are participating in the National Finals this year and there were 45 last year! Practically more than doubled!"
The man lightly stroked his chin, "En, you take a good look around here, look for a few good seedlings, put their number down and then let me know." As soon as he finished speaking he turned around and walked to the VIP lounge, "I'm going to get a bit of water first."
The adjutant suddenly became lifeless, turning his head, he saw his General leisurely walk as if he was going for a simple stroll in a park, putting his hand in his military uniforms pocket. He walked painfully slow towards the lounge, the four gold stars on his white military uniform glisten and shine under the light.
-
Udir Sharman.
(
TN
: And a new gong appears! Whose? Don't ask don't tell, major, major spoilers~)
- Head of the
Japanese Rose Legion
, one of the 5 four-star Generals of the Empire.
(
TN
: Specific kind of rose, it's not specifically Japanese, but it's generally found in Asia and that's the English name. Thought about leaving it as Rose so if you think that sounds better leave a comment.)
The Japanese Rose Legion is a force belonging to the Shaman family. Their warships are emblazoned with a blooming white Japanese Rose and the uniform of the entire legion has also been standardized as white. The ancestors of the Sharman family were very fond of delving into literature and the arts, so they had wished to choose a name from a flower or plant for their legion. A Japanese Rose looks beautiful but is actually full of danger. This is the meaning that the ancestors of the Shaman family meant to suggest when they gave this name to the legion.
As the heir to the Shaman family, Udir naturally also inherited an elegant demeanor along with a shared interest of literature and the arts. As a generalissimo, as far as the study of flowers, plants, and trees are concerned, he can easily write a book about it. Their house was specially built with a greenhouse cultivated with organic soil filled with all kinds of rare flowers and plants. It truly makes their subordinates utterly blush in shame.
Udir has a tall and slender build, he looks very handsome. He also has a head full of long golden hair and his eyes are an azure blue like the sky. It could be easily said that he is extremely eye-catching in a crowd. As an Alpha, it was already strange enough for him to keep his hair so long, but additionally, on the back of his head, he had his hair in a plaited braid as if he were a
rebellious artist
. Regarding Omegas, he always appeared to never show a trace of longing for one. The Omega Association gave him a choice of a prospective partner for marriage that he refused on the grounds of "dislike". This sort of justification just makes the president of the Omega Association extremely angry but also very helpless!
(
TN
: Apparently something in China where it's considered that men growing their hair long (or vice-versa) shows that they are seeking attention and have an inferiority complex? This is commonly found in male artist's who wish to show their defiance of the norm especially in a strict country like China where impressions are everything? Not sure take it with a grain of salt.)
Perhaps it was the omega pheromone resistance class that made him sexually indifferent? In any case, he is still a bachelor to date, ranking first in the Empire's primary bachelor ranking chart.
The VIP spectator's grandstand and the VIP lounge are all used by the higher-ups of the Mech Association and important generals of the Military. They are very familiar with Udir. He makes no secret of taking a stroll as he walks right through the lounge. No one finds it surprising.
Although, there was a gossipy figure that even covertly commented about him: "Ah, there is that bachelor......"
Udir seemed to hear, he turned his head back and shot a friendly smile in the other's direction.
The man immediately became frightened and shut his mouth.
General Udir appears to be soft like a gentleman, but he is so ruthlessness that it makes those with any will to live know that they should not seek death!
Udir entered the lounge and beyond any of his expectations, saw a familiar face.
The tall man still had no facial expression, wearing a neat and tidy black military uniform, his face is frozen as if it were coated in a layer of crystallized frost. His deep eyes are glazed over like they were the frozen surface of a lake and with his cold and detached manner, "Any living person who dares disturb me will die" is practically written on his face.
Udir felt no fear of death as he walked towards him, he smiled and said: "Marshal, you also have the spare time to come and see this competition?"
Rosen nodded, faintly "En.", then bypassing Udir, he immediately went towards the VIP spectator's grandstands.
Udir turned his head and looked upon Rosen's arrogantly retreating figure, faintly narrowing his eyes, and then turned around to pour some water.
***
By the time Rosen reached the spectator's grandstands, the matches had already begun.
St. Romia Military Academy has just entered the arena.
The first element of the obstacle course competition is very simple. The five competing contestants from the teams enter the field, thinking about how they should operate their mechs to cross all of the obstacles to reach the endpoint. The average time of the five players is averaged and they are discharged according to the length of time in their school's ranking. The obstacle course has a special requirement- prevent St. Romia Military Academy's air combat mechs from entering the field.
Knox directly sent out a single wolf-type mech that specialized in grounded warfare.
The five-person team consisting of people such as Caesar and Leo is like a uniformed pack of wolves. The five people are piloting the wolf-type mechs over the obstacles one after another. The precise leaps and bounds make the audience erupt out into a wave of applause. They even neatly rise up in one bound, directly leaping over a tall 10-meter wall!
This is the power of St. Romia Military Academy!
In just three short minutes, five people completed the entire obstacle course competition. Making the rivaling school's contestants who had just used six minutes to pass through all of the obstacles prostate themselves in admiration!
At the same time, the field's broadcast announced in a ringing voice: "Congratulations to St. Romia Military Academy team for breaking the historical record in the obstacle course, the new record is 3 minutes and 05 seconds!"
This scene received enthusiastic applause!
When Caesar came down from the field, Lin Yuan immediately gave him a thumbs up: "You were so cool just now!"
Caesar who had obtained such praise put him in a wonderful mood and he couldn't help but smile. He lightly patted Lin Yuan's shoulder: "Good luck with the next match."
Lin Yuan immediately nodded: "Don't worry, I will not humiliate our school!"
Because the rules restrict each contestant to participate in at most, three matches. Knox wants to preserve Caesar for the second day's tactical competition and the final group showdown, the following pressure competition allows him to take a break for the time being.
Lin Yuan and four of his other teammates went out to the playing field together.
The second match is the pressure competition, five contestants must face a siege of a large number of mechs. They have to find a way to kill the mechs to ensure the survival of their teammates. The enemy mech is naturally an advanced special unmanned attack-type mech arranged by the Mech Association. The number of attack-type mechs will be greater and any player who is attacked at a vital part will immediately be eliminated until the five players are completely wiped out.
The longer you resist the attacks, the higher your team's ranking will be.
At the beginning of the game, the five people piloting the mechs formed a large circular formation back to back to meet the mech siege.
Only one or two mechs were attacked at the beginning, and they were quickly KO'd by teammates.
Gradually, the mechs began to attack more and more, each person has to fight one, not even to say that sometimes one person faces a situation where they need to fight two or more mechs at the same time by themselves!
Lin Yuan calmly operated his humanoid mech, traveling back and forth with the rest of his team, and with a sword in hand, he slashed downwards without a trace of politeness and killed the unmanned mechs!
The No.7 player of the St. Romia Military Academy team with the red humanoid mech simply runs on the playing field like a strong warrior! He can not only deal with the position of defending himself, but he can also look after his own teammates!
Just then, one of his teammates had just turned their back when an attack-type mech that appeared behind him. He looked on as the edge of the blade made its way to strike the nape of the mech's neck. During that split second, Lin Yuan, who was not far away suddenly extended his arm and directly moved it sideways to block the other's attack and at the same time he jumped up and swung his sword down and KO'd the enemy!
- It's so cool!
The audience broke out in cheers and applause that almost collapsed the entire roof of the stadium!
St. Romia Military Academy's team were besieged by a group of unmanned mechs, resisting wave upon wave of attacks, and unexpectedly resisted for a full ten minutes! Until finally, more than 20 attack mechs simultaneously emerged. At last, everyone was helplessly wiped out.
The field broadcast once again emitted a ringing voice: "Congratulations to the St. Romia Military Academy team, powering through the pressure competition stage and breaking the historical record. The new record is 10 minutes and 33 seconds!"
There had been two consecutive instances of breaking records, this is the best school in the Empire - This is the strength of St. Romia Military Academy!
Lin Yuan came down from the playing field and went to the school's resting area. He had just barely walked out from the mech's cockpit when Caesar immediately smiled and stepped forward, giving him a bear hug.
"......" Lin Yuan's brain suddenly came to a halt.
Caesar put his chin on his shoulder and whispered into his ear: "You did so well Xiao Yuan, you're truly too strong......"
His voice sounded a bit excited.
Lin Yuan who was met with praise became embarrassed, he scratched his head as he said: "Fortunately, I didn't make the school lose any face."
The teammates hugged each other to celebrate their victory. It goes without saying that this was a completely ordinary act. But strangely enough...... In that split second, Caesar just suddenly stepped forward and tightly embraced him into his arms. Lin Yuan's heartbeat felt like it suddenly stopped for two seconds.
His heartbeat suddenly went out of control...... Probably because...... He was too surprised just now......?
Lin Yuan vaguely thought about it before he returned the smile and hugged Caesar back, then turned and walked over toward several of his other teammates.
To the side, the senior teammates saw Caesar embracing Lin Yuan and also rushed over to swarm him like bees in order to hug Lin Yuan as an expression of encouragement for their junior schoolmate.
Caesar: "......"
The scene of his own Omega being embraced by his other classmates is simply unbearable for Caesar!
Even if the person holding him is Beta, it won't work!
Seeing Lin Yuan being hugged in praise by a senior Beta, Caesar immediately stepped forward. After the senior brother released Lin Yuan, he immediately afterward took Lin Yuan's shoulder in his grip and forcibly took his Omega to the lounge.
Lin Yuan feels awfully puzzled: "Caesar? What are you doing?"
Caesar feigned a calm voice, "Thirsty? Come drink a bit of water."
Lin Yuan didn't have any time to say that he was not thirsty, Caesar quickly shoved a bottle of water into Lin Yuan's hands.
***
On the spectator's grandstands, Rosen's perpetually ice-cold face also broke out into a rare smile.
That No.7 humanoid mech just now was just as bold and powerful as a lively dragon and an animated tiger, the pilot was really Lin Yuan? Many of his moves were learned from the electronic notes he gave him. He didn't expect him to be able to master it after studying it.
In just one short month, the level of this child has actually increased so much?
The both bright and hard-working little guy had improved at lightning speed, it really makes a person feel very gratified
Seeing the contestants leave the game one by one, Rosen smiled, then turned and left the spectator's grandstands.
When he walked out of the spectator's grandstands doorway, he suddenly came face to face with Udir.
Udir smiled and said: "Marshal doesn't want to watch it for a while longer? St. Romia's team just played very wonderfully, ah."
Rosen said faintly: "Of course, they will definitely win the championship."
Rosen left immediately afterward, Udir slightly narrowed his eyes and leaned his body towards the adjutant and quietly asked: "The No. 1 player and the No. 7 player of St. Romia, I want their details."
"Understood! General! I will go get it at once."
All the finalists' information was kept in the hands of the Mech Association. The adjutant quickly took a detailed list of names and returned, Udir looked at Caesar and Lin Yuan's two names on the list. He smiled and said: "Sure enough, the No. 1 player is the Fourth Prince. As for that little guy, No. 7 named Lin Yuan......" Udir paused, "Well, isn't this quite interesting."
Udir handed the list of names back in the hands of the adjutant and said: "After the competition ends, contact Lin Yuan to see if he has any interest in joining the Japanese Rose Legion. This is indeed a good seedling."
The adjutant immediately and respectfully said: "Understood, General!"
***
The first day of the competition ended very quickly. The next day's tactical competition will have all of the competing teams offloaded onto an uninhabited planet near the Sheffield Star to carry out the competition. Ultimately through chaotic warfare will the teams reveal their talent to reach the end and victoriously prevail.
During the evening, Knox specially called upon the five players who would be participating in the tactical competition to the room to carefully brief over a few things.
In the tactical competition, they employ a three-person defense and a two-person charging method. Lin Yuan and Caesar were in charge of breaking through. The other three people will dispose of anyone who gets in their path. The two people who charge through the siege must pilot a kind of flight-type mech.
Caesar is a versatile kind of player and it is naturally reasonable for him to be set up like this. Although Lin Yuan has always liked to operate humanoid mechs, in fact, he had already mastered the flight-type mechs for a long time now. It's just that Lin Yuan was somewhat nervous with being assigned such a formidable task.
After going back in the evening, Lin Yuan couldn't sleep at all, while on the other hand he silently recites the operation manual of the flight-type mechs, while simulating the scenario of how to avoid the besiegers persuing and attacks...... Caesar noticed that on the bed to his side, the little guy was continuously tossing and turning. Finally, he couldn't bear it any longer and switched on his bedside light.
As expected, Lin Yuan really opened his eyes and locked onto Caesar's line of sight. He said feeling somewhat embarrassed: "Did I wake you up?"
"No, I also couldn't sleep." Caesar looked at him and said, "Are you too excited to sleep?"
Lin Yuan nodded, "En, a little bit."
Caesar thought about it, "White Feather, give Xiao Yuan a sleeping pill." Then he once again looked at Lin Yuan and said, "You still have to compete tomorrow morning, you need to have a good rest. Don't think too much. I'll cover you in tomorrow's match."
Lin Yuan hesitated all of the sudden, "What happens if taking the sleeping pills makes it so that I can't get up?"
Caesar smiled and said: "Rest assured, I'll call you out of bed."
Lin Yuan let go of his worries and ate a short-acting sleeping pill and soon fell asleep.
As Rosen expected, the next day's tactical competition, St. Romia Military Academy's team still displayed the finest standard of the Empire! The three team members disposed of any hindrances on the ground and Lin Yuan and Caesar directly broke through with a pair of flight-type mechs to break through and redouble the siege!
Amidst the chaotic battling of the multitude of schools, Lin Yuan and Caesar joined forces to take care of each other and protect each other. They avoid the besiege with their precise operation and with the grandeur of a rainbow, directly attack to the end!
***
After obtaining victories in the past three days, the St. Romia Military Academy's team once again pocketed the championship trophy.
The participating players from other schools were also worthy of praise. Among the participating players, many of them are from remote planets and were selected as prominent players in this competition because of their outstanding individual abilities. Because of this, the president of the Mech Association also personally awarded them the prizes of a C-Class mech.
It was not until the moment that he stood on the winner's podium that Lin Yuan finally realized "It seems that I have become powerful."
While thinking this he felt joyous, he couldn't help but think of the senior who had coached himself.
In the afternoon, no sooner after the Mech Association finished conducting their driver license procedures and having the mechs certified, Lin Yuan urged Caesar to return to the hotel with the prize. "Caesar, didn't that senior say that he would invite us out to dinner after the competition was over? What day did you make the appointment on? Wouldn't it be better for me to invite you guys out to eat next time? You both have supported me so much, I should treat you both to dinner right away!"
Looking at his face full of expectation, I wonder what expression will be on his face after he sees the Marshal?
Caesar smiled and said: "I have an appointment with him to meet up tomorrow night. Won't you first call out your mech to take a look?"
"Right, I haven't seen it yet......" Lin Yuan only then recalled this prize. The mech space button he got was a fine necklace and the silver chain with the red crystal pendant looked especially beautiful. Lin Yuan held the red pendant in the palm of his hand and said excitedly, "Hello, ah. I am your Master, Lin Yuan. Can you come out and say some things to me?"
The pendant suddenly flashed and then a room appeared inside. The red mech stood more than two meters high.
The dark red metal on the mech under the light luminously burns and illuminates the entire room, the contours of the body are smooth and natural, and the red indicator light on its eyes lights up, indicating that the system has been completely activated.
The mech only replied back in a soft and warm voice: "Master, hello."
Lin Yuan stared blankly for a moment, "This voice seems to be a bit familiar?"
The mech said softly: "Yes Master, we have met before, I am Suzaku."
Lin Yuan: "......"
Suzaku continued to say calmly: "Lin Yuan, I am willing to recognize you as my Master. From now on, I will only be loyal to you."
Suzaku merely extended one of its own hands and put it in front of Lin Yuan.
Lin Yuan felt very humbled receiving such favor by a legend!
Isn't the prize for this competition a C-Class mech?
If he remembers correctly, Suzaku is S-Class!? And didn't Suzaku crash?!
Seeing Lin Yuan's shocked face, Caesar smiled and explained: "Actually, Suzaku never crashed. White Feather and I rescued it on the way down and temporarily converted to C-Class. Its intelligence center is still that of an S-Class. It wishes to recognize you as its master because your spiritual threshold exceeds the set value of Suzaku, your spiritual harmony had reached 100% compatibility on your first try."
Lin Yuan: "......"
He was simply unable to believe it at all.
Just as he thought he was finally awarded a prize, in the end, he had thought it was only a small piece of candy. When things came to a head, he discovered that it was unexpectantly a ginormous cake that could only be completely finished after three days......
Lin Yuan was shocked and said: "Then...... how did Suzaku become a reward?"
Caesar said: "I secretly switched out your original prize and palmed it off with Suzaku. Only in this way will the Mech Association not suspect anything."
Looking at the red mech in front of him, Lin Yuan's mood is both highly complex and very excited. The color, shape, and even the intelligent character of the mech is the type that he particularly likes......
It was actually an S-Class intelligence system! He never even dreamed of having an S-Class mech for himself one day......
However, it has already had a master before and moreover, the master of the S-Class mech is definitely an especially powerful character. Can he really have it?
Lin Yuan spoke full of embarrassment: "Suzaku, although I like you very much, it's only that I don't appear to be qualified enough to be your master, right?"
Suzaku spoke in a gentle tone: "No, you are very outstanding. I completely acknowledge your ability, Master. "
After it spoke, it lightly extended its hand towards Lin Yuan's direction.
Lin Yuan immediately rejoiced stretched his hand out and placed on the large palm of the mech. He moved to make the agreement with the mech.
Great! After that, Suzaku would be his own!
Lin Yuan gently touched Suzaku's hand and smiled as he said: "Suzaku, you can rest assured, I will take good care of you in the future!"
Suzaku: "......"
The youth's brilliant smile and candid gaze made Suzaku suddenly feel somewhat moved.
Although this was all to find General Ling Yu, Suzaku genuinely and sincerely recognized the ability of the Small Master.
Suzaku said in a low voice: "Thank you, Master."
Lin Yuan and Suzaku officially sealed the subordination contract between the master and the mech.
After a long time of restraining itself, White Feather finally couldn't help but yell excitedly: "Predecessor Suzaku! Long time no see, ah! You finally found a new master. This is great...... It can now be said that I will now be able to see you every day from now on, right?!"
Suzaku: "......"
Once again encountering this chatterbox, Suzaku suddenly wished to shut itself down.
The author has something to say: I don't want to drag the pace down so the competition is getting settled in one chapter! Cough cough, obviously can't always skip the plot just to write smooches and lovey times~~
I know that everyone is on their toes, I am already speeding up! The next chapter is the Marshal's dinner party!
(
TN
: Whelp time for an explanation for my break~ I was woken up this Wednesday with 10+ notifications from my friend. The gist of the situation was her mom had severely injured her foot and she needed someone to go with her to an out-of-state anime convention, they were going to be vacationing for a week. The clincher was that they were leaving that day, in fact, 6 hours from when I had woken up. So I had packed my things and we drove all the way. The con took all of my energy and the time back at the hotel wasn't so long, but I still used all my free time to work on it. I'll be back at home by Tuesday so updates should return to normal. Peace~)
Chapter 046: Dinner Gathering
After becoming Suzaku's master, Lin Yuan had been in a state of constant excitement. Even while lying down in bed, he couldn't feel even an ounce of sleepiness.
By this time, it was already very late at night. Caesar on the next bed over breathed evenly. Evidently, he had already entered the land of dreams. Lin Yuan reached out and lightly gripped the dark red pendant on the necklace. At this moment, he suddenly heard a sound from the space button on his chest, it sounded like the voice of Suzaku......
The gentle timbre belonging to the mech is not transmitted to his ear through sound waves, rather it was directly sent into his mind......
Inside the room, it is still very quiet, but the sound of Suzaku's voice abruptly appeared in his mind. Lin Yuan had even originally thought that it was a figment of his own imagination until the voice in his mind became more and more clear: "Master, can you hear me speaking?"
Lin Yuan stared blankly for a moment, strongly wishing to reply, but he could only listen to Suzaku's voice as it spoke: "You don't need to speak. Currently, our consciousness are in a connected state, I can sense the thoughts flowing through your mind."
Lin Yuan suddenly opened his eyes wide in shock — Could this be the legendary mental communication?
Between S-Class mechs and their master, they do not need to speak and can also attain the "human and machine as one" mental communication?
Just as Lin Yuan was shocked to the point of being left speechless, Suzaku who was speaking through his thoughts, replied in a soft voice: "Correct, Master, because previously at the museum we had already conducted the spiritual match and the compatibility had already exceeded more than 100%, now we don't have any need to speak between us, we can communicate directly through our mental connection."
Lin Yuan: "......"
He has a mech companion who can read and understand his own mind, this feeling is really too mysterious, before he even has the time to ask, it will tell you the answer right away!
Lin Yuan excitedly grabbed the red pendant in his hand and said in his mind: "Suzaku, can you really understand my current thoughts? We can communicate like this and others won't know right?"
Suzaku said: "Correct, Master."
Lin Yuan's pair of eyes shined, not only did he obtain a fellow companion he could speak to privately, but it was also something that you would also never for eternity have to worry about leaking your secrets because it is your mech. After the mech reaches an agreement with the master, it will be eternally loyal towards the master!
Lin Yuan said excitedly: "That's really great. Suzaku, I always wanted to ask you a question, can I?"
Suzaku said softly: "Master, do not hesitate to ask alright, I will tell you all I know."
Lin Yuan sorted out his thoughts right then, from the bottom of his heart he said: "Actually, I have always been very confused before. At the time when I was being spiritually matched with you, I have some remaining memories that flowed into my mind and a few of them belong to you. In your memory, there seems to be a general, that person's voice sounds very familiar, it especially resembles my father's in my childhood memories...... Can you explain to me what is going on here?"
Suzaku was silent for a moment, then said: "Master, how much else do you remember about your father?"
Lin Yuan said: "My memory before the age of four is very fuzzy. I only remember that I used to live by the sea. My father told me to be a normal and happy Beta." Lin Yuan paused, " Before I was never able to understand the meaning of those words. Until last night I never understood, I realized that I was originally an Omega, my dad had me become a Beta by giving me injections of Omega pheromone inhibitors to carry out a gender-changing experiment...... "
Saying as much, Lin Yuan can not help but feel a sense of disappointment bubble up.
—Under a freak combination of factors, In the end, I was still unable to become a Beta and failed to fulfill my father's wishes.
Although he had received Caesar's help and His Majesty's backing, so he could still completely pretend to be a Beta to continue to attend school. In essence, he is nevertheless an Omega and will always be an Omega. For the rest of his life, he can only rely on inhibitors to live on. If by any chance a problem with the inhibitor arises, what should be done? What should I do if my identity is discovered by others?
Although Lin Yuan gives the impression that he isn't bothered in the slightest on the surface, in reality, his heart is still a bit sad. An entire 18 years of living with a Beta identity has been completely shattered just like that, and he became an Omega overnight. It couldn't be entirely accepted by anyone.
Every time during the dead of night, he thinks of those Omegas who are locked up at home to give birth to children, they can't make friends, each year they will be sent into an irregular period of estrus. When in estrus they resemble a wild animal that longs for the embrace and possession of an Alpha. Afterwards, they get pregnant and then give birth to a child...... Monotonously boring days and mediocre life, this is the situation faced by the 5% of Omegas in the population.
......they are really too pitiful.
Sensing the Master's sad feelings while reading his thoughts, Suzaku also could not help but feel deeply sorry for him.
It does seem as if the optimistic Little Master suddenly finding out that he is an Omega had actually made him feel sad in his heart then? After all, in this society, being an Omega, some might as well be a housepet. Especially as those Omegas who have strong opinions say, to be shut off at home and bear children, living is simply not as good as dying.
Suzaku was silent for a while before softly said: "Master, don't be sad, I will always accompany you."
Lin Yuan's whole heart warmed up, he smiled as he said: "Thank you Suzaku...... Fortunately, I have Caesar and His Majesty's support. I can still continue to study. Compared with many Omegas, I am already very well off......"
Lin Yuan paused and changed the topic to say: "Right, Suzaku, I always feel that in your memory, that General is like the same person as my Dad, their voices are very similar, and the way they talk is especially alike...... Who is that General after all? Did he truly sacrifice his life on the battlefield?"
Suzaku: "......"
Lin Yuan wondered aloud: "What? Is it inconvenient to say?"
Suzaku: "......"
His surroundings were so terribly quiet, that Lin Yuan could almost clearly hear the sound of Caesar's breathing on the bed next to him.
He had even thought that Suzaku just didn't respond to his question, Lin Yuan could not help but to repeatedly ask the question again: "Suzaku? Who is that General"
Suzaku was silent for a long time, after a while, it said in a low voice: "......He is Ling Yu."
Lin Yuan stared blankly ahead, he didn't respond for a while.
Until the thoughts in his mind began flowing again, Suzaku's voice seemed to be choking with sobs: "My former Master, the head of the Dark Night Legion...... Is also the father in your memories...... He is Ling Yu......"
Lin Yuan stayed deathly still, unable to say a word.
***
That night, Lin Yuan and Suzaku mentally communicated and exchanged all of their memories with each other.
Lin Yuan's impression and memories about his dad during his childhood flow through his mind and the memories flowing through Suzaku's mind about its impression of Ling Yu, gradually merged from two indistinct shadows into a distinct and as well as a clear-cut solid form.
That person had a pair of jet-black and clear eyes and his cold and insipid gaze seemed to hold no emotions. His clothes were a military uniform that he wore with his back proudly straight to the extreme and whenever he gave orders down the chain of command, his voice was always calm and steady. His timbre purely shone his decisiveness to refuse to be rejected and his determination!
Recalling the father in his memories, he also had the same appearance, he just simply just took off the heavy military uniform and put on simple casual clothing. When he hugged himself, the corner of his lips would involuntarily show a trace of a smile, his pure and clear voice is also a bit more gentle.
— This is precisely that Ling Yu, the young General of the Dark Night Legion, his own biological father!
In Suzaku's earliest memories, Lin Yuan clearly saw the scene of Suzaku's first encounter with his father.
Many years ago, after Mr. Aston manufactured this red S-Class mech, many high ranking military officers in the Military wanted the right to pilot it. The mental threshold of those generalissimos was naturally not low and they were more than capable of achieving a 100% match or more with Suzaku, however, when Major General Ling Yu, the lowest rank in the Military entered the cockpit of Suzaku, it caused a shocking scene to take place —
The first time he combined his mind with Suzaku, unexpectedly, the compatibility between Ling Yu and the mech immediately soared up to 300%! This also means that Ling Yu's mental strength is three times higher than the set value of Suzaku!
Mr. Aston immediately proclaimed this mech's owner to be Ling Yu, the mech was then personally given a name by Ling Yu.
The red S-Class mech also immediately recognized Ling Yu to be its master at the same moment when their compatibility exceeded 300%. Ling Yu gave it a name, calling it Suzaku. The higher-ups of the Mech Association were witness to the affiliation of the Ling Yu and Suzaku's subordination confirmation, and to additionally request Ling Yu to leave behind a copy of Suzaku's system.
Ling Yu smiled at once and said faintly: "No need, as far as I'm concerned, Suzaku is the only one."
Then just like that, he piloted Suzaku, and in the eyes of everyone, whether they be either shocked or resentful, he spread his wings to fly far away to the blue dome of the heavens!
From that day on, Suzaku accompanied Ling Yu to the Dark Night Legion.
The military uniforms and warships of the Dark Night Legion were a sort of dark blue that looks close to being black. Their warships are emblazoned with a bright crescent moon as a symbol for their legion. The tone of the entire legion is contrarily darker — like a hunter in the dark of night creeping forward, this is the origin of the Dark Night Legion's name.
After the fiery red Suzaku came to the Legion, it suddenly became the most beautiful smear of color in the Legion! At the time when Ling Yu took Suzaku back to the Dark Night Legion, because the General had an S-Class mech, the entire Legion in regards to this even held a celebratory party!
Not long after, Ling Yu led the Dark Night Legion to rush to the front line and confronted the Federation's hostile forces directly.
In that age of being enveloped in the flames of war, those deep dark blue warships that almost blended into the darkness of the night plus the bright red S-Class mech that was bathed in flames became a deadly weapon that made the Federation's hostile forces lose their gall the moment they heard any wind of their arrival! Thanks to the excellent commanding ability, Ling Yu repeatedly won victories and gained outstanding military service. The Dark Night Legion's fame became more and more widespread. Until the day that Ling Yu led the Vanguard Battalion to mount a sneak attack in the Isville Galaxy, all that glory suddenly ended......
Lin Yuan was just like a spectator as he spent one night witnessing firsthand the glorious as well as the short-lived military background of his biological father.
The beautiful dreams of his youth, leading his legion in high-spirits to charge and assault their enemies, the joy of their victories, the sorrow following the deaths of his comrades-in-arms, and ultimately the helplessness and despair of his Omega identity being exposed due to the failure of his inhibitor......
Those memories entirely remain in the intelligence center of Suzaku, it is clearly conveyed to Lin Yuan's mind through the mental connection between both Suzaku and Lin Yuan.
Lin Yuan can even vividly feel all the emotions he has felt!
His heart felt as if it were gripped mercilessly by a pair of hands, it was so unbearable that he could hardly breathe.
It turns out that my father has experienced so much hardship filled with so many twists and turns.
It turned out that Dad was that legendary Omega General in the Empire's history. He was faithful and true to the Emperor's XX Department and repeatedly made successful military exploits on the front line. But in the end, he was ruthlessly expelled from the military registry and the General was even sentenced to lifelong house arrest......
Once Suzaku's memories ended, Lin Yuan found that the rims of his eyes had already become red.
Holding the pendant space button in the palm of his hand, he abruptly tightened his grip as hard as he could, Lin Yuan could not help but swear from the bottom of his heart —
Dad, everything you were met with, there will be a day your son will personally take it back for you.
***
The consequences of his toiling with insomnia all night long is that the next day, Lin Yuan didn't wake up until 3 p.m. in the afternoon.
The school team was required to stay in the capital star until the conclusion of the 600th anniversary of the Empire celebration. On March 9th, the day of the military parade ceremony, the top three teams who won their place in the National Mech Competition will all be able to spectate on-site. Thus, the hotel's room has been booked until the morning of the 10th, the daily accommodation and meals have all been arranged by the school.
After Lin Yuan got out of bed to wash his face and rinse his mouth, he casually chatted with Caesar for a while on the internet, and then the agreed time for the dinner gathering soon arrived. Caesar had White Feather turn into an ordinary suspension car, carrying the two people to over to the arranged restaurant.
Rosen had already long since been waiting in the private VIP room.
The name of this restaurant is Firefly, which is an extremely well-known specialty restaurant in the capital star. The restaurant adopts a VIP membership regulation. Only the special personnel with a membership card can enter. The private rooms in the restaurant are independent of each other. Each private room has its own separate passageway. There is absolutely no need to worry about running into any people you do not want to meet while dining here. Therefore, the Firefly Restaurant has also become a place where many high-ranking military leaders meet their important friends privately.
The greatest feature of this restaurant does not only lie with its privacy and its wide variety of dishes but more importantly, the glass walls in the private rooms are filled with fireflies raised in batches. When the roof's ceiling is lifted up, one can look through the portholes to see the boundless night sky. When dining at night, encompassed by the encirclement of glowing fireflies, above your head being the most resplendent starlight, sitting in this restaurant is like placing oneself in the middle of nature.
This is the most romantic restaurant in the capital star.
Of course, Rosen's selection of this restaurant had nothing to do with its romantic environment, rather because of its privacy.
— He is meeting with Lin Yuan privately. This matter cannot be known to anybody.
As soon as Lin Yuan entered the restaurant, he widened his eyes in shock.
The fireflies fluttering in the transparent walls on both sides of the passageway emitted a faint fluorescence. Lin Yuan had never seen so many fireflies before in his entire life, he walked through this kind of long passageway surrounded by fireflies, listening to the soothing music that thrummed in his ears. His original mood of excitement has become even more stirred up!
This restaurant is far too extraordinary and beautiful!
Lin Yuan couldn't help but lament from the bottom of his heart.
Under the direction of the intelligent robot, Lin Yuan and Caesar passed through the verification channel and walked up to the door of the private room at the end of the passageway.
Nervously pushing open the door, fully prepared to say "Hello Senior" yet he found himself unable to say anything at all. Instead, Lin Yuan found himself standing stupidly frozen in place!
—Sitting on the opposite side of the dinner table is an extremely handsome man. The man has deep facial features. The bridge of his nose is cut straight and sharp and under it, there is a pair of thin and sensual light-colored lips. His jawline looks as if it were carved by a knife and it gives his whole face a very resolute silhouette, and his abstruse eyes are ice-cold like a frozen surface on a lake during a winter day.
When the man saw the two people and unexpectedly let out a rare smile as he said, "Come over and take a seat."
Lin Yuan's mind suddenly became blank.
— Rosen Bessemer, the youngest Marshal in the history of the Empire, was sitting right in front of him and smiled at him.
In order to pass the entrance exam for the military academy, he'd studied the modern military history of the Empire for a full month to the point where he could recite it by heart. Lin Yuan is completely confident in himself that he would not mistake that person in front of him! Moreover, Marshal Rosen's photos were spread all over the Internet. Back when the Pearl Spacecraft was hijacked by the Federation's hostile forces, it was also Marshal Rosen that had saved them all. Lin Yuan had already seen this man's face on the spacecraft's screen. He had even heard his voice with his own ears......
No wonder, I felt that the master's voice sounded somewhat familiar to me......
It really turned out to be the Marshal!
Lin Yuan suddenly felt like he was dreaming!
Rosen had been his most admired idol for as long as he could remember. He is the person he reveres the most from the bottom of his heart. The senior who had formerly gave guidance to himself was actually that Marshal Rosen? This is simply unbelievable......
Lin Yuan's gaze meeting the smile of the man in front of him immediately made him feel at a loss.
Facing the Marshal, should he greet him with a standard military ceremony? But he didn't wear his military uniform today, rather he's dressed in civilian clothing from top to bottom and he's even sitting there smiling...... Does a Marshal who wears civilian clothing need to be saluted?
Seeing the bewildered and tense face of the youth in front of him, the corner of Rosen's lips could not help but stretch out wider and in a soft voice, he said: "Come and sit down, I invited you both out for a meal today, just chat casually, there's no need to mind any military etiquette"
"......Understood! Marshal!" Lin Yuan was flattered as he walked to the other side of the dinner table.
Caesar immediately pulled out the seat for him, letting him sit down, and then he sat beside him.
Rosen selected a private room with a four-person layout. The dining table was not large at all. There will be less of a sense of distance when sitting face to face and eating.
Seeing the youth's head drooping nervously down, Rosen's heart became soft and he passed the electronic menu over in front of Lin Yuan. He said softly: "I don't know what kind of foods you like, I haven't ordered anything for the time being. You can order now. You can just directly check the box if you like it."
Lin Yuan hurriedly took the menu with his hands and nervously said: "Tha- thank you, Marshal!"
Even up till now, Lin Yuan has still not recovered from the shock of seeing his idol, his soul has still not returned to his body......
Picking up the electronic menu and giving it a quick once-over, sure enough, it really lists out dishes of various flavors. Each dish even has an extremely lifelike picture with them. Furthermore, to the side, there are even detailed text descriptions. Lin Yuan has never eaten many of them before and there were even some he had never heard of.
Lin Yuan swiped his finger across the screen and looked over each page one by one. Looking at the photos of those delicious foods and delicacies he couldn't help but excessively salivate. However, the Marshal of the Emperor's XX Department was sitting right in front of him and Lin Yuan would truly never dare to express free rein and foolishly order the food.
Lin Yuan handed back the electronic menu, smile full of embarrassment as he said: "Marshal, I don't really understand too much, you two are much better off ordering."
Rosen looked at Caesar and said faintly: "Caesar, do you know what Lin Yuan likes to eat?"
"......I know, I'll order it then." Caesar had no choice but to accept his request, he took the menu and quickly under the basis of Lin Yuan's usual preferences, ticked off a lot of specialty delicacies.
The dishes selected in the electronic menu will be passed directly onto the kitchen. Within five minutes, the service robot will bring the piping hot dishes inside.
Exquisitely formed pastries, chicken legs, barbequed meat, poached fish, pork ribs......
Looking at the fine foods that were set up on the table until not an inkling of space was left, Lin Yuan's stomach suddenly couldn't help but loudly grumble.
"......" Lin Yuan immediately felt ashamed and wished for death, he lowered his head and in an instant, his face became red.
As Rosen saw the youth's face reddening in shame in front of him, he suddenly felt a trace of softness emerging in his heart— this little guy is obviously starving to death, right? When he saw me as the Marshal, he was certainly very nervous and shocked. When he sat down, he drooped his head completely at a loss, not daring to speak with his mind thrown in such disorder, and he didn't even dare to eat anything. Seeing the table full of delicacies, his stomach past his expectations honestly made a loud rumbling noise on the spot.
Hearing the sound of his stomach, Rosen couldn't help but let out a small, minuscule laugh and just took a small spherically shaped pastry and put it down on Lin Yuan's plate. "Taste this, this is the capital star's regional specialty. The fruits of these plants are grown underground and then are steamed with mint leaves."
— Mar-marshal is giving himself a dish?!
Lin Yuan was immediately humbled by receiving such favor and merely took the pure white round pastry and raised it up and put it into his mouth......
As soon as the pastry entered his mouth, the change was instantaneous, like it was entirely made of snow, the tip of the tongue tasted a faint bit of sweetness and it mingled with the cool and refreshing mint......
Extremely delicious!
While eating the delicious food, Lin Yuan couldn't help but raise his eyes: "This is...... really tasty!"
Meeting the youth's glistening gaze, Rosen became tenderhearted and couldn't help but take a piece of barbecue and place it on Lin Yuan's plate: "Taste this."
Lin Yuan spoke with a red face: "Tha-thank you, Marshal, I will get my own just fine......"
Rosen smiled and said: "No need to be so nervous, think of me only as an elder who has invited you out to dinner. Alright? Eat a little more, no formalities."
Seeing that Rosen had said as much, Lin Yuan gradually set aside his tense mood.
Rosen turned his head towards Caesar and said: "You two have performed pretty well this time in the National Competition. I went to see the first day of the competition."
Caesar smiled and said: "En, Lin Yuan has made great progress."
Lin Yuan hurriedly followed up: "I really didn't expect that the master who guided me was actually the Marshal......"
Rosen explained: "At the time, I was just passing through your school. I heard Caesar say that the level of your mech piloting was pretty good, so I wanted to meet you right away."
Lin Yuan embarrassedly scratched his head and spoke earnestly as well as with gratitude: "My level was originally awfully amateur. It is only thanks to your guidance that I can make so much progress in a month......"
While it was originally a simple and conventional greeting, coming from the mouth of this boy, his clear and sonorous voice, his earnest gaze, the cute way he scratches his head to show his embarrassment, by just looking at Rosen's eyes, he feels a special poke aimed right at his heart.
I don't know why, but when I saw this boy, I couldn't help but feel a trace of warmth welling up from the bottom of my heart......
The sincere smile on the boy's face is like the warm sunshine that breaks through the clouds and is gently cast upon on the planet on a winter day.
For so many years, I have been all by myself and have no children under my knees. I don't know if I could be able to recognize him as my adopted son. He said last time that his father died many years ago. Obviously, this child has never experienced his father's love as a child...... If I could become his father......
This crazy thought suddenly flashed through his mind, but Rosen quickly used reason to stifle it.
Several of the generalissimos in the Military fight and scheme against one another, the situation is grim. If he recognized Lin Yuan as his adopted son, he would definitely make Lin Yuan become the main target of those Generals' attention.
— He had better keep with secretly protecting him.
He would wait for when he graduated and all grown up and then he will bring him to his side, leaving him with fewer twists and turns along the way.
Rosen made up his mind and he didn't say much more, single-mindedly watching Lin Yuan immersed in eating.
When this child eats everything, he is just like a little squirrel...... It's so cute......
In addition, he was also like a greedy cat, the amount of food was quite large, but mouth his incessantly keeps moving non-stop, and he didn't even fill himself to the point of bursting after eating so much?
Lin Yuan, who is buried in a variety of delicacies he has never eaten before, is completely unaware of the warm gaze casting light on his head.
After eating his fill, he raised his head and wiped his mouth. He listened to Rosen right away as he said, "Is it enough? Is it not enough? Do we need to order some more things again?"
......Did the amount of food he consume really shock the Marshal?
Lin Yuan said with a red face: "N-no need, I-I am already full."
Rosen pressed the button on the table and the robot responsible for settling the bill immediately came in. The soft mechanized voice said: "Greetings, the total amount spent on this meal is as follows, please verify your card after swiping......"
Lin Yuan originally wanted to say that he came to treat them, but the Marshal has already taken out his crystal card, Lin Yuan was forced to dispel any further intention.
It seems that it would not be too good to fight over footing the bill in front of the Marshal?
After the dinner gathering concluded, Lin Yuan once again politely expressed his thanks towards Rosen: "Marshal, thank you......"
Rosen smiled and said: "You're welcome, I don't have much time to keep you company, let Caesar take you all around the capital star for a stroll. Later on, there will be an opportunity to see you again."
Lin Yuan immediately excitedly nodded and said: "Alright! See you again Marshal!"
Lin Yuan and Caesar together turn away to depart together, Rosen looked at the receding figure of the youth, at the moment Lin Yuan turned and bowed his head, his gaze abruptly changed —
He had only seen the underside of the boy's neck, covered by the shirt collar, faintly revealed the outline of a mark, but as he moved to lower his head, the mark became much clearer in front of his eyes......
With a calm face, Rosen began to speak: "Lin Yuan, you come over."
Lin Yuan stared blankly for a moment and turned to walk back to Rosen entirely in confusion, "Marshal?"
Rosen had him to turn around and reached out his hand to stretch his collar down. Sure enough, in the position of the Omegas gland behind the youth's cervical spine was clearly marked! In the wake of Lin Yuan's close proximity and the mark in front of him, his unusual pheromone scent was also finally noticed by Rosen!
— Even though it smells like a Beta, it is mixed with the faint smell of Alpha and Omega pheromones!
— Clearly, Lin Yuan is an Omega, nevertheless an Omega that has just recently been marked!
Rosen's face entirely changed out of the blue, and his penetrating gaze immediately swept toward Caesar's tense expression. He asked coldly: "Caesar, what is going on?"
The author has something to say: Today is Christmas Eve, is just in time for the birthday of our classmate Lin Xiao Yuan!! I wish you all a joyous Christmas Eve! Peace, safety, health, and abundance!
(
TN
: Don't look at me, terrible cliff hanger is not my fault~ Anyways I'm back and I'll try to push out another quick update to make up for last week. Although I would have probably done the same regardless with this deadly cliff hanger~ Ouch. It hurts me and I even know what happens next!)
Chapter 047: Planet Rennes
What's going on?
After Marshal had asked that question, it did not only affect Caesar who instantly became as stiff as a corpse where he stood, but also Lin Yuan who had a sudden chill go down his spine!
— We're so screwed, the mark was unexpectedly discovered by the Marshal!
The teeth indents situated on the nape of his neck was the mark left by Caesar in order to suppress the fluctuation of the pheromones in his body when he was facing the onset of estrus a few days ago. From a distance, it may have not been clear enough, but in such close proximity, it would be unmistakably clear!In the past few days, Lin Yuan has been continuously covering up the mark by wearing high-collared clothes and as well as pasting bio-adhesives onto the marked area. This kind of medical adhesive plaster looks transparent and will slowly adjust to the appearance of the surrounding the skin after being pasted to the area of the wound. It completely conceals any mark.
He got out of bed late today and he took both a shower and a bath before going out. Because he was too excited to see the mysterious master, Lin Yuan was careless for a moment and had forgotten it.
As a result, it was discovered by the Marshal on the spot......
Lin Yuan stiffly stood in place, he didn't know what to do.
—Has his identity of an Omega been exposed to the Marshal?
—As the highest commander in the military, in the face of such an Omega that is blatantly violating the military regulations, will he go outside the law to show him a bit of favor by not judging him too harshly?
Lin Yuan apprehensively opened his mouth to speak: "Marshal, I......"
"I left this mark." Caesar softly said, cutting off Lin Yuan's words. He stepped forward and reached out his hand to grasp Lin Yuan's shoulder, he defended Lin Yuan without batting an eyelid and calmly greeted Rosen's gaze and said, "Marshal, since you found out, I am forced to also tell you the truth. Lin Yuan really is an Omega. He had been injecting inhibitors for years, but because of the inhibitor failing on the day before the competition, I temporarily marked him in order to suppress the pheromones in his body."
Lin Yuan: "......"
Caesar said it so directly, it makes Lin Yuan hang his head even more uneasily.
Rosen looked at the boy with head drooping down and his fingers clenched, he couldn't help but feel a slight ache from the depths of his heart —
This child is actually an Omega? How did he escape registering under the Omega Association? How did he covertly study at the St. Romia Military Academy? There has been a previous instance such as Ling Yu who was punished, is he so fearless about being discovered by someone that he doesn't see living as good as being dead.
Rosen frowned slightly, looking at Lin Yuan with deep gaze he said: "Lin Yuan since you are an Omega, why did you still attend the military academy's entrance exam? Don't you know how severe the consequences of joining the military as an Omega are?!"
Hearing the Marshal questioning him with such a stern voice, Lin Yuan's complexion abruptly flashed white.
Caesar hurriedly comforted him by tightening his grip on Lin Yuan's shoulder and looked up at Rosen as he said: "Marshal, you mustn't blame him for this matter, he has also just barely become aware of the truth. Through these past years, he had always thought that he was a Beta......" Caesar took a moment to pause, "Lin Yuan is an orphan left behind on a battlefield. He was not registered with the Omega Association when he was born. Later, he was raised as a Beta by his foster parents......"
Perhaps Caesar's action of gripping his shoulder had given Lin Yuan a trace of courage. Lin Yuan finally took a deep breath and raised his eyes to meet the gaze of the Marshal who he had revered the most ever since he was a child. He said calmly: "Marshal, I did not deliberately violate any military regulations. Ever since I was young, I always wanted to be a soldier, so I went behind my family's back and in the end, I went to the entrance exam to attend St. Romia Military Academy. I really didn't expect to be an Omega."
Lin Yuan paused for a moment before abruptly changing his tone, he calmly and steadily said: "Since you know the truth, just punish me according to the military regulations then! But, just because I am Omega, I will never accept being expelled from the military registry or being shoved into a prison, even if those are the regulations of the Military!"
— Inside the youth's clear eyes, they are filled with unyielding defiance with no chance of surrendering.
In a trance, Rosen suddenly recalled the scene when Ling Yu left the military tribunal many years ago. Even though Ling Yu did not say a word, he, however, stood tall with his back straight, his indifferent gaze, his smile lifted in a taunt, and everything on his expression indicating...... he did not surrender!
Both are Omegas, both have the same black hair that looked as if it were ink, both had the same clear and bright light shining in their eyes, and both when faced with something going against their beliefs also have the same unyielding temperament!
Rosen's heart suddenly trembled and there was a crazy idea that was practically on the verge of spilling out -
The youth in front of him was too much like Ling Yu...... It was simply like he was Ling Yu's own child.
If Ling Yu gave birth to an Omega son, his temperament should be exactly like this.
That child would surely be just like Ling Yu. They would not want to be locked up at home to bear and raise children, but would rather want to stubbornly go live the life they want. They would never resign themselves to being a canary confined in a cage to bear children. They wish to imagine themselves flying like an eagle towards the free and vast blue sky!
Looking face to face towards this youth, Rosen even had the illusion of seeing Ling Yu back when he was younger.
He didn't know how long he had been staring at his face, but Rosen took a deep breath and looked towards Caesar and said: "How many people know about Lin Yuan being an Omega?"
Caesar hurriedly replied: "Lin Yuan's foster mother, the doctor who has been taking care of him from an early age, my Father, my Mother, my big Brother, plus myself and Lin Yuan. There are currently seven people who know this secret."
Rosen nodded then said: "I am the eighth. Do a good job of maintaining secrecy, don't let there be another ninth person!"
Lin Yuan widened his eyes in astonishment and incredulously looked up at Rosen: "Marshal...... You-you're not going to punish me?"
Rosen smiled and said: "I not only won't be punishing you, but I will instead appreciate you very much. You...... are very much like an old friend of mine." Rosen paused and continued on, "After graduation, if you are interested, when you are filling out your aspiration form, you can fill in the Glory Legion. I want you to come over to my First Guard Battalion."
Lin Yuan suddenly froze in place.
Just now his mind was stretched taut, he had thought for sure that the Marshal who was cold and indifferent, as well as extremely hard-lined and principled would arrest himself directly according to the military regulations! Unexpectedly, in the blink of an eye, the Marshal actually joined the friendly faction, not only concealing the truth on his behalf, but he even invited him to the Glory Legion?
The Glory Legion!
Ever since he was a child, his favorite and most desired legion was the Glory Legion!
This happiness really came out too unexpectedly......
At long last, Caesar was able to loosen up his facial expression. Even though he had already anticipated such an outcome, there was certainly a sense of oppression just then in which his heart practically stopped beating from the tension when the truth was said aloud. The reason why he dared to tell Rosen these truths, apart from Rosen's individuality not stubbornly adhering to old ideas as much as the other generalissimos in the Military, there was still an additional reason...... It was none other than Ling Yu.
Caesar still remembers the scene when he went to the Marshal's home as a child and caught sight of the tombstone......
General Ling Yu was Rosen's most beloved person and it was also because of his identity as an Omega that he was punished by the Military......
Confronted with Lin Yuan's situation being exceedingly similar to Ling Yu's in his youth, Rosen never would have had the heart to hand him over to the court-martial.
Sure enough, it was just as Caesar expected, Rosen did not punish Lin Yuan even after finding out the truth, instead, he wanted to protect him.
Seeing Lin Yuan's expression become dumbfounded in a flash, Rosen couldn't help but smile and say: "What? You don't like the Glory Legion?"
Lin Yuan hurriedly said: "That's not it! I-I-I......" Lin Yuan was too excited to speak properly, awkwardly scratching his head, turning towards the Marshal with a red face, he saluted him following proper military etiquette, his voice trembled as he said: "I'll obey your orders! Marshal!"
Looking at the excited blush on his face, Rosen could not help but slightly raise the corners of his lips: "Then I will leave a place open for you in the First Guard Battalion, awaiting upon your graduation."
Lin Yuan immediately stood upright: "Thank you, Marshal! I will bring you the best possible achievements when I see you!"
Rosen nodded with satisfaction, "Okay, go back you two, I have to take my leave first until next time we gather. "
***
Caesar and Lin Yuan pilot White Feather to return to the hotel.
After following the two departing figures with his eyes, Rosen withdrew his smile and his eyes gradually deepened.
Although he did not ask too many questions just now, he certainly had quite a lot of doubts about this boy at hand.
Being able to escape the Omega Association's registration is absolutely impossible for a simple battlefield orphan!
Only the combination of an Alpha and Omega will give birth to such a pure-blooded Omega descendant. Although there were many Alphas among the soldiers who were sent by the Emperor's XX Department to the frontline battlefield. It would still be impossible for their Omega partners to follow their husbands onto the battlefield! Even if the child was born, it would also be impossible for it to be born on the battlefield!
During pregnancy, the Omega will stringently be looked after by the government. The child would also be born safely in the hospital. According to the standards of the hospital, following the birth of the child, they will conduct genetic sequence testing to find if any Omega genes had been inherited and then are immediately registered into the Association!
Lin Yuan was able to escape the registration of the Omega Association, it is impossible for this to have happened by chance, rather someone did it deliberately!
Obviously, some people wanted Lin Yuan to grow up as a Beta.
— Who could it have been?
Could it have been the organization where Ling Yu was in back in those years, had it not been completely cleaned up by the Military?
Thinking of this, Rosen couldn't help but wrinkle his brows slightly.
In those days, Ling Yu also escaped the registration of the Omega Association under the deliberate concealment of his parents. Growing up as a Beta, he was then fully admitted to the St. Romia Military Academy and later became the youngest Major General of the Empire.
If it weren't for his inhibitors sudden failure, it would have been impossible for anyone to find out that he was an Omega......
After Ling Yu's identity was exposed, the Military Department indignantly followed the vine to get the melon to find the secret organization studying Omega inhibitors and they caught each member in a net with one fell swoop!
— That organization is called "Undercurrent" and takes the meaning of "going against the current from place to place."
The members of the organization are all Omegas and there is no lack of some talented medical scientists!
Could there have been someone from the organization that escaped the Military's arrest? Continuing on to study inhibitors under the radar?
If not......
With Lin Yuan, a child who grew up in a commoner household, where did his inhibitor come from?!
The more he thinks about it, the more uneasy he becomes, the strange irritability in his heart makes the man who had always previously been cool-headed and had a tight grasp of himself wrinkle his brows exceedingly tighter.
Finally, the man took a deep breath and stood up from his seat, he picked up his communication device, and immediately connected to the command room of the Glory Legion's commanding mothership through the highest-access channel requiring fingerprint and retina scan verification.
At this moment, Lieutenant General Victor in the command room just recently patrolled the entire legion. After receiving the communication request from the Marshal, he immediately fell into a proper upright stance and gave a standard military ceremony to Rosen, "Marshal!"
Rosen nodded and said: "Victor, I'm leaving it up to you to temporarily act as the head of the legion and command on my behalf, I have an important matter that requires me to take leave for three days, and I will come back before the military parade. Don't let anyone know that I left the capital star! "
Victor immediately saluted: "Understood! Marshal! "
This Lieutenant General Victor has served in the Glory Legion for nearly a decade, from a small-time soldier in the First Guard Battalion, he slowly rose to the rank of lieutenant general, the vice-commander of the Glory Legion. It can be said that Rosen personally groomed him as a trusted aide, he was loyal and devoted towards Rosen. After Ling Yu's incident occurred, Rosen already suspected that the Glory Legion had a mole inside, so he fostered another round of subordinates to be completely loyal to himself.
Rosen is completely at ease towards this calm and cool-headed subordinate of his. After he finished his briefing, he immediately walked out of the Firefly Restaurant.
The night sky of the capital star is vast and full of stars, at 11 o'clock in the evening, it should have already been time to rest.
But Rosen didn't feel any inkling of exhaustion. The crazy speculation about Lin Yuan's life in his mind made him practically unable to sit or stand still!
Rosen no longer hesitated to summon Black Dragon, having Black Dragon turn into a suspension car, he drove off to the area of a vast and uninhabited region. Then, the S-Class mech directly shifted into the form of a gigantic black dragon under the master's command. Soaring and as well as rising up in the air, it dove headfirst into the vast cosmos!
Resembling a water-blue crystal, the presence of the capital star on the screen grew smaller and smaller. The purely white nebula and the small moon that twinkles with a shining white light rapidly retreat into the distance. The black dragon broke through the bindings of Sheffield's atmosphere within the period of a minute, flying straight out of Cepheus!
Rosen stationed himself in the cockpit and used his index finger to gently streak across the galaxy route map.
The virtual route map enlarged several times in front of him, each and every small celestial body was depicted in the simulation and flashed in different colors of light, Rosen decisively pointed his finger towards a remote corner of a galaxy located in the Cigar Galaxy, a pure white minor planet —
"Go to Planet Rennes, execute a space jump right away!"
"Understood!"
Black Dragon immediately carried out it's master's command, the space in the universe was infinitely compressed, and the orbit between the galaxies was continuously drawn closer and closer......
The speed of an S-Class mech as compared to an ordinary warship is twice as fast, compared to those of large passenger ships, it would be even greater than ten times as fast. Black Dragon has made three consecutive space jumps according to the route map, flying to the Cigar Galaxy's Planet Rennes at the fastest possible speed—
***
At the wee hours of 12 a.m., the capital star's Royale Hotel.
Lin Yuan was lying on the bed, holding the dark red pendant in the palm of his hand. Since he couldn't sleep, he couldn't help but to once again start up a mental exchange with Suzaku. Suddenly he had a thought that having a voice speaking in his mind every day in the dead of night like this was an especially fascinating feeling, and it also made him feel particularly warm.
If one has a lot of things that they wouldn't dare say to another person, they can just talk to their mech......
Lin Yuan quietly spoke from the bottom of his heart: "Suzaku, today I actually saw the Marshal with my own eyes, he is better than what I imagined, I had thought for sure he would punish me......"
Suzaku said softly: "Not at all Master, Marshal is actually a very good person."
Lin Yuan excitedly nodded: "Yeah, when Dad was still the General of the Dark Night Legion, the Glory Legion frequently provided assistance to Dad, right? "
Suzaku replied: "That's right, that was back when they were still classmates in college, "
Lin Yuan spoke filled with joy: "Then they must have been very good friends I presume...... "
In Suzaku's memories last night, Lin Yuan had seen the shadow of Marshal Rosen and his mech Black Dragon a few times, in those days on the front line, his biological father, Major General Ling Yu and General Rosen from the Glory Legion were the best of partners. The Glory Legion had in many prior instances, given the Dark Night Legion emergency assistance in critical moments.
Only, Suzaku's memory was interrupted right at the moment when Dad's inhibitor failed and he was sent into estrus.
Lin Yuan had no choice but to watch as his Dad awakened Suzaku in that final moment, having Suzaku change the flight orientation of the Dark Night Legion's mothership, and then ordered Adjutant Knox to come in. After that, Dad was taken away by Adjutant Knox to a sealed escape hatch. Coming back to half a month later, Dad personally took all blame and bid Suzaku a final farewell.
Whatever happened in the past half of the month was blank in Suzaku's memory.
Where was Dad taken by Adjutant Knox or how was his estrus period solved? These are both things he has no way of knowing.
Lin Yuan is somewhat inquisitively asked: "Suzaku, who do you think is my Alpha father?"
He had just become aware of Ling Yu being his biological father last night. Due to the excessive amount of shock and sadness, Lin Yuan did not ask Suzaku about the matter of his other father. After everything had calmed down, he began to give it some thought. Since I was born, Dad must have been completely marked by an Alpha in those days. With Dad's prideful personality, who would have marked him?
Suzaku said softly: "Sorry, Master, this matter is also completely unknown to me. At the time when the Dark Night Legion made an emergency landing on Planet Rennes, Adjutant Knox had taken the General away, the General did not bring me along."
Dad was probably too proud...... He didn't want to let Suzaku, the one who had accompanied him for so many years, catch sight of his sorry appearance while in estrus.
Lin Yuan said with a smile: "It doesn't matter, I'm just casually asking, that's all. Perhaps it was one of Dad's subordinates or comrade-in-arms then?"
Only Knox knows all this.
However, even though Lin Yuan desperately wanted to know the identity of his Alpha father, he did not dare to ask Instructor Knox. He cannot let any other people know that he is an Omega. It was even more impossible for Lin Yuan to even tell Knox to his face that he is the son of Ling Yu.
......that Alpha father, may have already passed away long ago then?
Lin Yuan wished to fall on the ground feeling a bit lost.
***
8 a.m. the next morning, Planet Rennes.
After eight hours of space travel and three consecutive space jumps, Black Dragon finally took Rosen from the distant capital star to this remote planet.
Planet Renne's weather is very cold and the snowfall all year round makes it all the more barren and desolate. The streets are cold and cheerless. Occasionally, some large-scale suspension cars pass through in the sky's orbit. The names of various mineral corporations are emblazoned on the cars. The original residents of this planet become fewer and fewer and the remainders are mostly soldiers from legions dispatched by the Military to extract minerals and as well as their families.
The majority of the soldiers who were dispatched to this desolate planet are Betas and on the entire Planet Rennes, Alphas and Omegas were rarely seen.
Rosen piloted Black Dragon to descend on Planet Rennes. Prior to descent, he had already transferred out Lin Yuan's details from the database of the St. Romia Military Academy through the highest channel of access. He knew the identity and background of Lin Yuan's foster mother.
In order not to attract attention, after Rosen landed on a vacant lot, he walked directly to the front door of Lin Yuan's childhood home.
Reaching out his hand to press the doorbell, a sweet-tempered woman arrives to open the door. After seeing Rosen, she was clearly stunned all of a sudden. She questionably asked: "Hello, may I ask you...... who are you looking for?"
Rosen spoke as gently as possible: " Are you Lin Yuan's mother?"
Mrs. Lin nodded her head and nervously said: "Xiao Yuan is my family...... Did something happen to him?"
Rosen smiled for a bit and said: "It's nothing, you don't need to be so nervous. Lin Yuan is very good. I am an instructor at his school. I was just passing by here and wanted to take a look inside his home while I was at it." Rosen said that he just casually took out the proof of identity that was sealed with a stamp that had just recently been printed out by his mech.
— This is an instructor's home visit?
Mrs. Lin suddenly felt extremely flattered and hurriedly opened the door and said, "Please, why don't you come in."
Rosen entered the house and was immediately asked by Mrs. Lin to take a seat on the sofa.
Mrs. Lin turned around and went to pour water. Rosen without moving an inch or making a sound gave a look around the place Lin Yuan grew up in...... This household looks to be very poor, this kind of outdated residence with three bedrooms and two living rooms was already being quickly washed out nowadays. The living space had less than 80 square meters of room. With only three small rooms, all of which were bedrooms that didn't even come with a study. The various kinds of installations around the house also seem to be quite old-fashioned and the robots that sweep the floor inside the house are all models that had been discontinued a few years ago.
Did Lin Yuan really grow up in such an environment?
Rosen inexplicably felt somewhat distressed.
Just then, a delicate and pretty young girl abruptly exited the kitchen. The girl had bound her hair in a simple ponytail on her head, it gave the impression of being very energetic. When she saw Rosen, she was startled for a bit and then asked in the direction of the dining room: "Mom, do we have a guest over?"
Ms. Lin hurriedly said: "We do, this person is a military instructor from your younger brother's school, he was just passing through our planet and decided it would be convenient to take a look inside the house. "
Lin Yao looked somewhat unconvincingly at the man on the sofa.
......compared to the online photos, doesn't he seem to resemble the Marshal a bit, ah? But not so much wearing casual clothing?
How could the Marshal come here, it's probably just a slight resemblance, right?
Lin Yao no longer thinks about it too much, she walked over and smiled as she said: "Hello Instructor, my younger brother will be depending on your care!"
Rosen said: "You are Lin Yuan's older sister Lin Yao?"
Lin Yao nodded.
Rosen said: "Your younger brother is very good in school."
Lin Yao proudly said: "My younger brother has been very obedient and sensible ever since he was a child. He has always been ranked first in the exams for his entire life!"
Mrs. Lin poured water and politely passed it over to Rosen's hand even while simultaneously glaring at her own daughter: "Don't talk about any nonsensical things!"
Lin Yao laughed and said: "Where is there nonsense? My younger brother has always been in first place. His room is full of the trophies he has received all his life."
A cheerful and lively older sister and a gentle mother with a soft personality but was born sickly.
As a whole, they do not appear to have anything to do with the Undercurrent Organization.
So, who gave Lin Yuan's inhibitors to him?
Thinking of this, Rosen soon said: "Right, I heard Lin Yuan say that he never had a father as a child. The doctor next door has always been looking after him. Lin Yao, can you take me to go take a look next door? I want to fully understand Lin Yuan's circumstances of his childhood."
Mrs. Lin touched her lips as if she wanted to say something but was hesitating. Lin Yao, who was not familiar with the situation, immediately smiled and said: "No problem!"
Rosen followed immediately after Lin Yao through the door and as soon as they went out, they just happened across the neighbor, Dr. Fornt, just as he was stepping out of the door and preparing to go to the hospital to work.
Lin Yao smiled and gave him a greeting: "Uncle Fornt, why are you going to work so early in the morning anyway, ah?"
Fornt heard the voice of the little girl next door, he smiled and turned his head back, seeing the man standing beside her, his smile suddenly stiffened on his face.
Rosen nodded without batting an eyelid and said, "Fornt, long time no see."
Fuente: "............"
Lin Yao looked at the two people somewhat skeptically, "Hey, do you know each other? This is a military instructor from Lin Yuan's school. He came to our house today for a visit since he was in the area. Oh, that's right, Uncle Fornt also used to be a soldier, wasn't that right.......
Fornt's expression was stiff and silent for a moment before he awkwardly said: "Cough, lo-long time no see......"
Rosen smiled for a bit and said: "Lin Yao, you should go home first. I'm going to chat with this old comrade-in-arms of mine to reminisce about former times."
Lin Yao nodded, "Then, in that case, I'll head off to the cake shop okay! Instructor, if anything were to happen to Xiao Yuan in the future, you can directly call my communication device number!"
Lin Yao set aside her number to give to Rosen and then turned to walk over to the cake shop and open it up.
Rosen and Fornt looked at each other without exchanging a single word.
After a long time, Fornt said full of embarrassment: "Cough cough, Mar-marshal, how come you've come here?"
Rosen said dully: "To take a look at Lin Yuan's house."
Fornt's face suddenly grew stiff as a corpse, " Li-lin Yuan? Are you familiar with that child?"
Rosen slightly smiled, "En, I met him face to face yesterday. I didn't expect the doctor who lived next door to his house would be you, it's really quite the coincidence."
"...... "The cold sweat on Fornt's forehead immediately flowed down.
Although he has not seen this man for many years, the kind of cold detachment and tough scent on his body hadn't changed. The longer he stays calm, the more terrifying he is.
Rosen insipidly asked: "Would you like to go to work?"
Fornt quickly said: "I have opened up a private hospital by myself. It doesn't matter if I don't go to work. Anyways, there are very few sick people who come and see the doctor every day......"
Rosen said: "That's perfect, just accompany me to roam around all over the place then."
"......" Fuente nearly bit off his own tongue.
Rosen walked aimlessly towards the direction of Lin Yuan's school and when he passed a street corner, he saw a group of mining companies
There was a man sitting under the pavilion at the entrance of the mining company. He held an e-reader in one hand and yawned with his other while reading the book. Fornt's forehead was dripping with cold sweat and he tried to give the man over there a meaningful look as if his life depended on it. Unfortunately, the man reading the book just happened to be rather sleepy at the moment. He was completely unaware of the movement across the street.
Rosen's gaze suddenly sank and he advanced towards the security guard's location, walking over in two or three steps.
The yawning man seemed to perceive a strong scent approaching, raising his head in confusion, he was suddenly frozen in place.
Rosen serenely gazed upon him and said: "Lieutenant Colonel Zhou Yi, long time no see."
The man hurriedly stood up from his stool and took a quick look at Fornt and only to find that Fornt was right in the middle of wiping away his cold sweat.
Zhou Yi touched his nose and awkwardly said, "Marshal, how come you're here? If I knew that you'd be coming earlier, I would have prepared more of your favorite tequila to drink, it's nothing but cold weather and frozen ground here. Cough, why not come over to my house and have a chat about the old times?"
Rosen nodded and said: "Good, I also want to go take a look at your house."
Zhou Yi suddenly felt that this was simply digging his own grave.
The three of them staunchly walked all the way over to Zhou Yi's house.
A single man's home, a small apartment with two rooms and one living room. The rooms were full of disorderly clothing and other personal items piled in a hideous mess.
This man compared to how he was back in those years, was still just as lazy following his retirement.
Zhou Yi somewhat awkwardly said: "Cough cough, please take a seat Marshal, the house is in a bit of disorder."
Rosen sat down on the sofa, and then in a low voice said: "Zhou Yi, the Battalion Commander of the Dark Night Legion's First Guard Battalion, holding the rank of Lieutenant Colonel; Fornt, the Captain of the Dark Night Legion's Subsidiary Military Medical Treatment Squadron, holding the rank of Lieutenant Colonel." Rosen paused for a moment, his penetrating gaze slowly swept each of the two men's faces, "One lives next door to Lin Yuan's family and has conveniently looked after his health. One is on the only road to his school working as a security guard for a mining company and teaches him martial arts in passing...... The above-mentioned, these should not be coincidental right?"
Zhou Yi, who was ready to start pouring sweat, without further thought, resolutely stretches his back taut as he takes a quick look at Fornt face to face. They can't help but look at each other in dismay.
Rosen looked at them calmly: "Let's say then, apart from you two, which of your other former subordinates from the Dark Night Legion are on Planet Rennes?"
Both of them were completely silent.
This man tranquility watched them attentively, it was as if even the air was entirely frozen into ice.
The author has something to say: Many of the plots being combined in the serialization are not due to my negligence, rather I will immediately write and explain in the next chapter. I can't put everything in the same chapter or else the number of words will explode and drag the pacing. For example, the chapter with the exchange between Lin Yuan and Suzaku, if placed in the previous chapter, the number of written characters would burst to eight thousand and it would affect the mood and atmosphere of Lin Yuan finding out about his father, so I cut it out and put it in this chapter.
Believe in the author a little bit, the author's attitude while writing is very serious, each chapter is changed at least three times everywhere. Did you find that in writing, my typos in the text are really less
stir-fried chicken
: )
(
TN
: Extreme, extremely.)
If I really have a
bug
, I will change it later, but the present comments posted are not bugs. many of them are just foreshadowing that will be resolved in the text later~
(
TN
: These bugs are written in English.)
I don't want to make a comment to explain and go through each of the spoilers. The spoilers are too boring. Hold your horses everyone ha~~~
Look forward to seeing the father and son recognizing each other tomorrow!!
Merry Christmas!!!! 2k novel reading network
(
TN
: This chapter was long, I cry. The next chapter is even longer, I am digging myself a hole. Do not disturb! Also going from a terrible cliff hanger to a slightly less terrible cliff hanger is an improvement! Show some spirit!)
Chapter 048: Feelings Between Father and Son
The reason why Rosen was so certain that this was not a coincidence was naturally that he simply had his own solid reasoning. In the past, following the dissolution of the Dark Night Legion, a majority of the soldiers were allocated among each major legion. A great number of all of the officers ranked Major or higher were not willing to go another legion to obey the orders of another General out of their sheer loyalty to General Ling Yu. Therefore, many officers choose to be outright discharged from military service with some officers such as Knox and Irene choosing to serve as instructors in various military schools, no longer having any association with other legions.
Since they already knew that the generals in the major legions hated Ling Yu to their bones, it would have been impossible for them to sincerely treat his subordinates that were so loyal to him well.
Fornt and Zhou Yi represent the portion of the officers who retired directly after the dissolution of the Dark Night Legion.
Fornt used to be the Captain of the Dark Night Legion's Subsidiary Medical Treatment Squadron. He had a mild personality and brilliant medical expertise. After he retired, he could have gone directly to the Imperial Central Hospital as one of the top doctors. However, in spite of the capital star's generous pay, he came to this desolate planet and opened up a small public hospital. Running it for precisely 10 years, this truly does not follow a lick of common sense.
Zhou Yi is also of Asian descendant just like Ling Yu. When he was in the Dark Night Legion, he was the closest of friends with Ling Yu back when he was the Battalion Commander of the Dark Night Legion's First Guard Battalion. Even though this man behaves rather lazily, his body is highly trained in Kung Fu. This kind of Kung Fu that is focused on hand-to-hand punching and kicking is said to be very suitable for people with slightly-built bodies. Whenever Ling Yu had free time, he always liked to spar with him.
These two men's characters are 108,000 li apart. However, they have one key point in common.
Both of them are officers who Ling Yu personally selected for promotion, and both are unconditionally loyal towards General Ling Yu!
The two men have now simultaneously appeared on a desolate planet, one of them living next to Lin Yuan's home, and the other acting as a security guard at a nearby factory close to Lin Yuan's home. This is definitely not just a mere coincidence!
"Which of your subordinates from the Dark Night Legion are also on Planet Rennes?" Seeing the two keeping their silence, Rosen spoke with a cold face: "If neither of you speaks, then I'll take that as you want me to turn this whole planet upside down and go door to door looking for your old comrades then?"
The two men looked at each other face to face. Just then, Fornt said awkwardly: "We two, plus Lin Weicheng who has already sacrificed his life, no one else."
Rosen was silent for a moment and softly asked: "The both of you coming to Planet Rennes, this was planned by Ling Yu, right?"
Fornt and Zhou Yi abruptly stare at each other face to face.
Obviously, it was completely outside their expectations that the Marshal, who had been
not hearing and not questioning
for 18 years would suddenly go into an extreme rage, spitting with anger on this day.
(
TN
: Not concerned, never showing interest in something.)
Rosen tirelessly resisted the stab of pain in his heart and lowered his voice when he spoke: "Through all these years, I have always believed that he had died. But in reality, I have never once seen his corpse with my own eyes. And if he is really dead, then...... Where did Lin Yuan, that Omega child, come from then?"
"......!" Fornt and Zhou Yi's eyes simultaneously flashed with a trace of shock.
Rosen continued on speaking: "I have always felt that child quite resembled Ling Yu, but he was a Beta at the time. I had thought that Ling Yu died, so I didn't dare to rashly speculate about it...... I didn't know until last night that Lin Yuan was actually an Omega. Dr. Fornt, Lin Yuan's inhibitor was your doing, wasn't it? Lieutenant Colonel Zhou Yi, Lin Yuan's skill is so good, you also taught him...... Right?"
— So that's why there was always a sense of strange familiarity at the time when he was battling with that child in the mech training room.
When Lin Yuan operated his mech, a lot of his moves were just like that of a human martial artist. Including among these were some blocking moves, of which came from a boxing technique and they became exceptionally more familiar the more he observed.
It wasn't until this moment that Rosen finally realized.
That's right, the way Lin Yuan operated his mech was completely just like a carbon copy of Zhou Yi!
Back in those years, Zhou Yi's talent was the reason why he was chosen by Ling Yu, it was precisely the way Zhou Yi piloted his mech. He entirely used humanoid mechs just as if they were human beings. The mech performed various kinds of a myriad of Kung Fu punching and kicking techniques and the effect simply made one exclaim in admiration!
Rosen is very familiar with Zhou Yi's standard method of punches and kicks, so as a result, he can predict beforehand all of Lin Yuan's movements when they battled with mechs!
— It's painfully obvious that Zhou Yi is Lin Yuan's master.
Rosen's sharp gaze was pointed straight towards Zhou Yi, "Even at this point, you still intend to hide it from me?"
The two men once again took another glance at each other's face. Zhou Yi only then said, "Cough, that's right, back then it was Lin Weicheng who brought Xiao Yuan back to Planet Rennes along with him, Weicheng had sacrificed his life not too long after on the front line. I accepted the General's orders to stay here and look after Lin Yuan. When Xiao Yuan was eight years old, I accepted him as my apprentice. I did indeed teach him Kung Fu."
Fornt quietly said: "I received a confidential letter from the General just as soon as I arrived on this planet. The general asked me to do him a favor and look after a child named Lin Yuan. At that time, I didn't know Lin Yuan's past circumstances. I had always thought that he was the Beta son of Lin Weicheng and Mrs. Lin...... Until Xiao Yuan's inhibitor exhausted at the age of eight, he suddenly fell ill, and I only then realized that he was an Omega."
Fornt paused, "Luckily the General had asked Weicheng to leave Mrs. Lin with a list of ingredients for the formulation of an inhibitor and some prohibited medications to prepare if ever needed. I referred to that list and remade a batch of inhibitors to give to Lin Yuan. Only after seeing Zhou Yi did I fully figure out the true circumstances in Lin Yuan's life.
Rosen felt a burst stabbing pain rise from the bottom of his heart from the two men telling him these things.
Ling Yu......
He didn't actually die! Even that child was born!
Rosen didn't know when all was said and done if at present he should feel mostly pleasantly surprised or mostly sad!
— Pleasantly surprised that he is still alive and that child is also unexpectedly still alive!
— Yet what makes him even more sad is that such a big secret was actually hidden from himself for so many years......
He thought he had died, he set up a tombstone for him in his back garden, and in front of the tombstone was filled with the symbol of the primrose, "There is no other love except for you". For a whole eighteen years, those flowers have already bloomed throughout the entire garden. Every year during springtime, a layer upon layer of flowers of beautiful purples and brilliant reds unfurl upon one another and wrap around the entirety of the tombstone. Just as if it was his own heart met with pain as vines tightly wrapped around it.
Eighteen years, longing for him every single day and night being met by endless remorse and painful torment......
However, that person is undoubtedly alive, but with not a single message, he didn't even let him know of the child's whereabouts......
Rosen's fingers powerfully slammed into the hollow of his palm and the pain that spread from the depths of his heart spread throughout his whole body and made his blood pressure rise. His whole body felt as if it were cut into pieces by a sharp knife and the heavy squeezing sensation in his chest nearly suffocated him.
After a long silence, Rosen took a deep breath and asked in a low voice: "Ling Yu, where is he now?"
Zhou Yi hurriedly said: "We also don't know the General's whereabouts. The General must be in hiding. You should understand this thoroughly. If those old farts in the Military Department found out that he never died, they would definitely never let him go."
Rosen's ice-cold eyes stared straight at Zhou Yi, "You really don't know?"
Fornt spoke with a gentle tone: "That's right, Marshal, at this point, it's no longer necessary to keep you in the dark anymore. Ever since that incident happened back then, the General has been extraordinarily cautious. Every single time he has actively contacted us on his own accord, we simply have no way to contact him in turn. He has even installed an anti-tracking device in his communicator and mail in order to prevent his whereabouts from being discovered by the Military......"
Zhou Yi nodded and echoed in agreement: "General sent Xiao Yuan off to Planet Rennes and placed him in Lin Weicheng's home. This was also to allow Xiao Yuan to peacefully grow up safe and sound. It was completely unexpected for that child Xiao Yuan to actually go behind our backs and secretly take the military school's exam... The rules and regulation institution of St. Romia Military Academy are extremely strict. We were afraid that if Lin Yuan did not go to school, the Military Department would specially investigate it and at that time they would instead follow the vine to get the melon and find out his past circumstances. So as a result, Fornt made a batch of inhibitors that can pass through the blood serum test and had the child take it along with him. I believed that I could have him drift along at first for his first academic year and come back later for his vacation and find another method."
Fornt thus also deliberately held a video conversation with his old friend Instructor Knox to make sure that the military academy would not examine the student's genes and had his nephew Karl largely look after Lin Yuan while in school.
However, when it comes to the secret of the feigned death of General Ling Yu, Fornt is not able to clearly tell Mrs. Lin about Lin Yuan's true identity, so he repeatedly emphasized the importance of the inhibitor, allowing her to persuade her son to take medicine on time every day, even so much that she said"If you don't take your medicine for two weeks you'll flare up again", then finished off by saying"You cannot stop for even a week", trying to make this matter sound as serious as possible.
Unfortunately, the original meticulous plan, due to Mrs. Lin's momentarily soft heart, did not tell Lin Yuan that he is an Omega but instead deceived him by saying that this was a problem with his immune system, causing Lin Yuan to be completely unaware of the seriousness of the problem.
On the spacecraft, Lin Yuan's medication was interrupted for more than ten days. Because it was the first interruption, there was only a small indication of it appearing. He then took the medicine on and was able to suppress it to a halt. But the second time the medicine became interrupted was in the capital star and finally led to the collapse of the effect of the inhibitor in Lin Yuan's body. His pheromones were in total chaos and he almost entered into the estrus period right then. Caesar then discovered the truth of his Omega identity.
Thinking of that child Lin Yuan, Rosen's heart abruptly aches all over.
— That boy is actually his own son?
No wonder he always feels very close and dear to the child when he sees him, he feels himself growing soft-hearted in complete shambles when that child's sincere smile is aimed at him.
Perhaps Ling Yu had been forced by the circumstances as a reason for his departure and he had no other choice but to entrust this child to his former most trusted subordinates. In any case, that prideful Ling Yu surprisingly gave birth to this child. This child is of his own flesh and blood, in his body is half of his own blood!
Thinking of Lin Yuan's gleaming eyes, bright and glittering smile, and his cute appearance when he immersed himself in eating food......
Rosen's heart was then filled with an indescribable trace of warmth.
The son of himself and Ling Yu......
This is the existence that can only be imagined in a dream. At this moment, it unexpectedly truly became a reality!
***
After Rosen left Zhou Yi's residence, Fornt and Zhou Yi looked at each other and only then did they simultaneously become relieved.
The scene of Ling Yu's feigned death was far too lifelike. Those people in the Military Department had thought that the Ling Yu already died. Therefore, his former subordinates in the Dark Night Legion were not roped into a net and captured and a part of the officers even took the initiative to retire and many of them even looked favorably upon it.
Fornt and Zhou Yi have been lying low on this remote planet. They have not been noticed for more than a decade. They have gotten used to living a leisurely life on this small planet. As a result, at Rosen's sudden murderous entrance today, the two of them had been unprepared and had been caught red-handed.
In fact, if you change places with other people, even if they saw those two living nearby, would they also think that it was some sort of a coincidence? After all, there are only so many human-inhabited planets in range of the Empire's political borders. As chance has it there are also a lot of old comrades who happen to live in the same place.
But Rosen easily deduced that this was all arranged by Ling Yu. It can be clearly seen just how much he understood Ling Yu.
Zhou Yi lightly sighed as he spoke: "Just telling him like this, was it really right?"
Fornt turned over as he rolled his eyes, "Now you're asking this question, don't you think it's too late?"
Zhou Yi coughed, "Cough...... I think even if we didn't say it, he could have also very quickly investigated to uncover the truth. Rather than letting him drag Xiao Yuan away to do a paternity test, we'd be better off telling him directly. After all, Xiao Yuan is also his son."
Fornt nodded his head: "Since we can't continue to conceal it from him, letting him know his also fine. He will be there to take care of him in the Military. Xiao Yuan will be much better off in the future."
Zhou Yi thought about it before saying: "He surprisingly found Planet Rennes and came over, obviously, Xiao Yuan's identity as Omega has already been found out by quite a number of people. I reckon it's probably an issue with his inhibitor. After you go back, you should re-make him a batch of inhibitors without delay."
Fornt immediately said seriously: "I know, I will go prepare at once."
***
Rosen once again returned to the place where Lin Yuan grew up.
Mrs. Lin saw him coming back and immediately greeted him. She smiled and said: "Instructor, come and sit down."
Rosen walked into the house and looked around for a moment, his face stiffened as he said: "I...... may I go to Lin Yuan's room and look around?"
Mrs. Lin was shocked for a second, "Of course you can, please come with me."
Lin Yuan's bedroom was set up in a corner, an inadequately small room of less than ten square meters. It was systematically clear and orderly. A one-person bed was laid out with blue sheets on it, the curtains were also a light-blue, close to the color of the sky. To the side on his writing desk is where various mech models are exhibited along with a plethora of trophies.
This is that child's room......
He came to this house at the age of four and lived here for a whole fourteen years...
Was he very fond of those mech model toys when he was a child?
He won so many trophies when he was in school...... He is truly a smart and sensible child......
Rosen looked inside Lin Yuan's room and recorded each and every one of his trophies as his growth trajectory. He felt proud of him, but at the same time, he couldn't help but feel somewhat bitter.
As his own biological father, he never had the chance to witness this child's growth. By the time he found out the truth, he was already an outstanding 18-year-old boy. How did he live in those years? When did he take his first steps? When did he say his first word? When he was young, was the first word he learned to say "Dad"?
The feeling of watching his son growing up little by little, was something Rosen would never have the opportunity to experience.
Seeing Rosen's gaze cast towards the biggest trophy, Mrs. Lin smiled and presented it to him: "This is something Xiao Yuan got when he was in middle school. The school held their first fighting competition and in the end, he won the championship. Everything he knows about martial arts was taught to him from his master, he was especially happy after Lin Yuan received the award. He also asked his master to come to our house to have a meal and spend his birthday together with him."
Rosen nodded his head and asked: "What day is his birthday?"
Mrs. Lin replied: "It is Christmas Eve."
Christmas Eve......
He will inscribe this day in his heart. From today on, this will be the most important holiday for himself —
His son's birthday.
Rosen was silent for a moment and then once again spoke: "Mrs. Lin, can I take a look at photos or video recordings from his childhood?"
Mrs. Lin said with a smile: "Of course you can, ah. I'll go get them real quick."
Mrs. Lin soon after held the video recordings and connected them to the TV inside the living room.
On the TV, a clip taken of Lin Yuan as a child was played. Rosen sat on the sofa and watched without saying a word.
The little four-year-old Lin Yuan rolled around on a bed and then turned over into a somersault. Rolling from one side of the bed to the other, he was not in the slightest weary. He flipped around all by himself and looked to be very happy playing.
Five-year-old Lin Yuan went along with his mother and sister to celebrate his birthday. The gluttonous little guy wanted to sneak some cake and as a result, the cake was planted right in his face with the cream then slathered across his entire face......
Lin Yuan, a six-year-old, carries a backpack on his back to go to school, he waves goodbye to his mother, his face full of baby fat had a brilliant smile......
At seven years old, Lin Yuan came home with the first place on his school report card for the first time. He looked at his mother with a beaming smile and used a young and tender childish voice to say, mother, I am amazing, aren't I? I will come back every year in the future with a first place on all of my exams for you......
Looking at Lin Yuan's adorable appearance as a child, the more Rosen stared, the more he liked him. He is itching to reach out his hands to go hug him.
......Xiao Yuan, I am truly very sorry. I am an unqualified father. Not only did I fail to protect your Dad well enough, but I also let you live relying on someone else's charity for so many years. Only now, 18 years later did I become aware of your existence.
......From now on, Father will absolutely never again let you receive any harm upon even a single hair on your head.
Rosen took a deep breath and stood up from the sofa. Looking back at Mrs. Lin, he seriously said: "Mrs. Lin, thank you, you have taught Lin Yuan very well."
Even though this woman's personality is weak, she is nevertheless really good to Lin Yuan. It is truly not easy for a person to bring up children all the way into adulthood while suffering every possible torment.
Rosen didn't know how he should express his gratitude, he could merely just take a good look at her and say seriously: "You've worked hard."
Mrs. Lin hurriedly said: "I-I haven't worked too hard. Xiao Yuan, he has always been especially obedient ever since he was a child. I didn't have to worry about him at all. "
Rosen grabbed his communicator's number and put through a password to set it aside for Mrs. Lin. He softly said: "If you run into any problems in the future, please do not hesitate to tell me. I will help you all. "
Mrs. Lin said: " Thank you!"
Then, Rosen turned and left.
Mrs. Lin, who all by herself had stood in place of himself and Ling Yu and taken over their responsibilities of bringing up Xiao Yuan into adulthood. His heart was overflowing with gratitude. He does not know what he should do in order to repay and compensate her. He will have more opportunities in the future, he will put it aside until he sees Lin Yuan again.
At the moment, Rosen only wants to see Lin Yuan's face as soon as possible.
I want to use every ounce of my strength to bring that child into a hug and tell him —
Son, don't worry! Your father is right here and he will use every bit of his strength to protect you.
***
Rosen pilots Black Dragon to go back to the capital star at the fastest possible speed.
At this moment, Lin Yuan had just recently woken up.
The 600th annual celebration of the Empire was taking place in two days from now. In the time between today and tomorrow, there was free reign to make plans. Lin Yuan originally wanted to have Caesar take him all around the capital star and roam around, but Caesar just happened to have something to do today, it seems like he had to go to Brian's grandfather's birthday party?
After Lin Yuan got out of bed, the smart system inside the hotel room immediately produced a pleasant voice: "Lin Yuan, good afternoon! Before leaving, Caesar left behind a voice message for you. Are you currently listening?"
While Lin Yuan walked towards the bathroom and he also said: "En, let's hear it."
The system began to play the message and right away the familiar sound of Caesar's voice soon reverberated in the room. The deep and low timbre he heard from both of his ears felt extraordinarily warm —
"Lin Yuan, today I will be going to attend the birthday party of Brian's grandfather. I can't accompany you to go out for a stroll. I will take you to the capital star to look all over the place tomorrow. You can make your own plans for today. Oh, by the way, there is some lunch I brought for you on the table, remember to eat it after you get up."
"Oh, got it!" Lin Yuan said a line in return and couldn't help but laugh.
This is just a message, nothing more, but I surprisingly can't help but answer him. Could the reason be that I'm just so used to his voice?
Lin Yuan rapidly washed his face and brushed his teeth then went back inside the room.
Sure enough, there was a heat-retention box placed on the dining table. Opening the lid, the aroma that assaulted his nostrils made Lin Yuan unable to help but gulp down his saliva.
The food is very rich, there are roasted chicken legs, meat patties, and two vegetable dishes, all of which were things he liked to eat. He didn't expect Caesar to be so attentive. Before leaving, he was entirely prepared for lunch. He evidently guessed that he would sleep until noon then?
Lin Yuan smiled and sat at the table and bluntly began to eat.
Caesar isn't here and Lin Yuan also does not want to go out and mindlessly stroll about with no set destination all by himself. This afternoon, he stayed in the hotel and went to the holographic network to play around in mech battles.
Passing through this period of improvement, Ball immediately won 20 matches in a row, the more Lin Yuan played the more excited he became, and it soon became nighttime.
I don't know why, it's almost seven o'clock already and Caesar still hasn't returned yet. Perhaps Brian's grandfather celebrates very late into the evening on his birthday?
Lin Yuan's stomach was empty, he took off his helmet and logged out of the holographic network and planned to order something to eat. Right at that moment, his communicator suddenly turned on, Lin Yuan chose to connect it and right away saw a familiar face appear on the screen in front of him. "Lin Yuan, is it convenient to go out now? I want to see you."
It's the Marshal!
Lin Yuan immediately and excitedly said: "Where are you Marshal? I will come out at once!"
Rosen softly said: "You can head down to the doorway of the Royale Hotel, I will send someone to pick you up."
"Alright!" Lin Yuan immediately turned around to change his clothes before going out the door.
He had just arrived at the doorway of the hotel when from not too far away, a high-end black suspension car began to come over. A man with a serious facial expression came out of the car and personally opened the door for Lin Yuan. In a low voice he said: "Lin Yuan, please get in, the Marshal ordered me to come and pick you up."
"......" This is simply the welcoming treatment of a VIP!
Lin Yuan was overwhelmed by all of the favor he was receiving as he took a seat in the car, he somewhat nervously asked: "Where is the Marshal?"
The chauffeur smiled and said: "I will take you to his home first, the Marshal will very soon be arriving at the constellation of Cepheus."
To the constellation of Cepheus? Is he not in the constellation of Cepheus? Could he have been carrying out a mission in another galaxy?
Lin Yuan is extremely puzzled in his heart, but stemming from his manners, he doesn't dare ask a lot of questions.
The car was extremely fast and they soon arrived at the location of the Rosen's residence.
After laser scanning and password authentication, the apartment's entrance was opened and the car drove straight in.
This is Rosen's private residence in the capital, an independent villa which was unusually designed. The lights inside the house are all turned on and with the full moon in the distance, it was just like a castle in a dreamland. The floor area of the entire apartment is almost the same size as a small park. The three-story villa is surrounded by a wide expanse of lawn, gardens, an exercise yard, and there is also even a super-large swimming pool not too far away......
Lin Yuan looks out through the window of the car at the landscape outside. He couldn't help but lament, the Marshal's home is also far too big......
Moreover, the Marshal unexpectedly called himself to come over to his home. Is there any such secret matter that they cannot let other people know that required them to talk about it?
One of Rosen's trusted aides had been the one acting as a temporary chauffeur, the butler of Rosen's entire apartment, Wilde. Seeing Lin Yuan curiously looking out of the window, Wilde couldn't help but smile and say: "You can go sit down inside the house in advance, the Marshal will arrive soon."
Lin Yuan was politely invited into the living room by the butler. The living room layout is just like Rosen's personality. Simple European-styled furniture, no excessively lavish decorations, but instead it was set up in a very comfortable fashion giving off a homely aura.
Lin Yuan had just sat down on the soft leather sofa in the living room when at that moment, the door suddenly opened. Rosen came in travel-worn and caught sight of Lin Yuan. His originally indifferent gaze involuntarily softened.
Lin Yuan hastily got up from the sofa and went to go salute the Marshal, but he instead saw Rosen smiling as he said: "Just stay sitting down, in the future when we see each other private, there's no need for any of that annoying etiquette." He then finished speaking and turned back to Wilde, "Tell the kitchen to go prepare dinner."
Wilde hurriedly respectfully said: "Understood, Marshal."
The kitchen had obviously already been prepared and within five minutes, the fragrant food was at last placed on the table.
Rosen personally gave Lin Yuan a bowl of rice and handed it right in front of Lin Yuan as he said, "Still haven't eaten dinner I presume?"
Lin Yuan became embarrassed as he scratched his head and said, "En......"
A trace of tenderness couldn't help but emerge in Rosen's gaze. He handed chopsticks over to him and softly said: "Come, eat first and when you've eaten your fill we'll talk."
Lin Yuan humbly took the chopsticks and lifted up the rice and began to eat. Rosen took delicious food and place it in front of Lin Yuan from time to time and Lin Yuan was surprisingly unrestrained when he ate it. He was completely starving and immersed himself in all kinds of delicious food.
Soon enough, he finished off his dinner. After eating his fill, Lin Yuan asked in confusion: "Marshal, what did you call me for today?"
Rosen grew momentarily silent and then stood up as he said: "Come follow me."
Lin Yuan followed Rosen to the back of the villa.
He was merely only able to see the garden within a radius hundreds of square meters, but from what he could see many kinds of beautiful flowers and plants were grown here. The red flowers shone under the moonlight as if they had been ignited into a blaze of fire. Layer by layer were magnificently unfurled flowers laying upon one another, a light wind passed. Even the air was filled with the distinctly sweet scent of flowers.
In the midst of a cluster of flowers stood a single tombstone. On the tombstone, a row of clear-cut handwriting is engraved —
The Lacey Empire's Head of the Dark Night Legion, Tomb of Major General Ling Yu.
Enveloped underneath the moonlight, the tombstone seems to be draped with a layer of soft light muslin.
Seeing the words on the tombstone clearly, Lin Yuan suddenly froze in place.
Tomb of Major General Ling Yu? Is this...... Dad's grave? But, according to Suzaku's deduction, isn't Dad still alive?
Only, Suzaku was kept in the museum for so many years and also evidently did not know about Dad's whereabouts. What's going on now? Why would the Marshal's home have Dad's tombstone? Could Dad have died later?
Lin Yuan looked at the tombstone in front of him and suddenly his thoughts began going into a whirl.
Just then, the sound of Rosen's voice suddenly entered his ears, revealing a bit of strange hoarseness: "Xiao Yuan, do you know who this is?"
Lin Yuan: "......"
Rosen softly said: "He is your Dad...... He secretly gave birth to you and sent you off to Planet Rennes to hand you over to his most trusted subordinates to raise...... Because the Military wasn't willing to let him get away, he couldn't keep you at his side and get you caught up in danger...... So, he injected you with an inhibitor and wanted to have the identity of a Beta, growing up ordinarily and happily."
Listening to the Marshal's soft voice as he spoke, looking at the ice-cold tombstone in front of him, Lin Yuan couldn't restrain his emotions as the rim of his eyes grew red, "I...... Dad, he...... How did he die?"
Rosen was silent for a moment. "He didn't die."
Lin Yuan doubtfully asked: "Then this tombstone is......"
Rosen raised his head and looked right at the tombstone in front of him and said: "This tombstone was set up by me
18
years ago. At that time, he was pregnant. When he was piloting a mech to escape from the constellation of Cepheus, he encountered a cosmic sandstorm. I had thought that he was buried alive in the interstellar ruins, so I set up a monument in my home..... Since you have been born, then it proves that he did not die. He is still alive and properly gave birth to you."
(
TN
: Raws said 19 here and only here. I'm assuming it's a typo for now lol.)
Rosen turned his head back to look at Lin Yuan and said with a gentle tone: "Xiao Yuan, I am your Alpha father."
Lin Yuan: "..............."
Because of too much shock, Lin Yuan suddenly widened his eyes as he stared in disbelief at the man in front of him.
The Alpha father who he has been continuously wondering about, it was actually him?
How is that possible?!
But...... the Marshal would never joke about this kind of thing. Moreover, when Dad was faced with the onset of estrus, he did indeed have Adjutant Knox to request for the assistance of the Glory Legion. In those years, General Rosen also indeed rushed over to help......
Then he marked Dad?
Lin Yuan was in a complicated mood as he looked at the man in front of him and entirely didn't know what the right thing was to say.
Rosen took a step forward and lightly placed his hand on Lin Yuan's shoulder and said in a low voice: "It's your father's incompetence. I couldn't protect either of you well enough back then. I wasn't even aware of your existence until today...... Sorry, Xiao Yuan...... I'm sorry......"
Looking at the glistening tears forming in the corner of the eyes of the man who had always been tough and indifferent and hearing his voice choking with emotion, Lin Yuan suddenly couldn't help but feel a burst of distress.
In fact, during that time he also couldn't blame him for the whole affair, after all, Dad was discovered to be injecting inhibitors by the Military. The Military would have had him severely punished and back then Rosen was only a General, it was simply impossible to save Dad...... The old-fashioned rules established in the Military are to blame. Furthermore, those four-star generals of the so-called major legions, because his Dad is an Omega, blotted out all traces of the meritorious services from the Dark Night Legion......
This world is merely to be blamed, it is really too unfair when it comes to Omegas......
Lin Yuan looked at Rosen's painful and remorseful appearance and hurriedly said: "No, there's no need to say sorry, I won't blame you...... I think Dad also wouldn't blame you for trying to save him...... You are already trying your best aren't you?"
Lin Yuan scratched his head and turned his head back towards the tombstone, "In these past years, you had thought he died, you were also very upset, right? You secretly set up this tombstone at your home for him and even engraved his military rank on the tombstone...... I think...... You must certainly love him very much......"
Rosen was suddenly stumped for words.
He had thought that this child would surely blame himself and blame this father who neglected to do his job.
Unexpectedly...... Xiao Yuan was actually so kind-hearted and open-minded.
The father and son stood side by side in front of the tombstone and remained silent for a long time.
Rosen just then spoke in a small whisper: "Xiao Yuan, are you willing...... to call me Father?"
Lin Yuan was stunned and looked back at Rosen, stuttering as he said: "......Fa-father?"
Rosen immediately took Lin Yuan tightly into his arms and entered an embrace.
That kind of hug seemed as if he was afraid of losing something precious, it even made his heart tighten into a dull ache.
"I am here, Xiao Yuan......"
"Father will protect you, I will never again let you suffer any grievances, absolutely never......"Listening to the man's voice deep and low voice cracking with emotion in his ears, Lin Yuan was silent for a long time before finally reaching out and returning his hug, he lightly buried his face into his father's embrace.
A hug like this even made him reluctant to part from it......
This is precisely the love from a father that he had never experienced before.
Strong, warm, reassuring, able to prop up a sunny and cloudless sky for himself......
Father.
The author has something to say: Actually, it could have been broken off in the middle! But I don't want the stop halfway to make everyone have a kidney deficiency, thus a big chapter is finished!! Eight thousand characters, come one, you can't deny it! Writing until midnight la!! Seeking praise!!
PS: I saw a lot of people asking, let me talk about the settings in this work.
In this writing, when an Omega is in estrus, the blood relatives within three generations will not be affected.
Father, grandfather, son, and grandson, these direct blood relatives are not affected by each other because of the common genes in their body.
For example, Rosen and Xiao Yuan, even though they are an Alpha and Omega, because the father and son are pure [Flesh and Blood], even if Xiao Yuan was in estrus, Rosen wouldn't be affected at all.
In addition, regarding the daddies names, one is called Father (父亲), one is called Dad (爸爸) (Daddy (爹爹) doesn't feel too suitable, so it's like this......) 2k novel reading network
(
TN
: Utter fools. I have managed to climb out of my hole! What's the plan now? Next chapter is a shortie so good for me? Some small changes. A kind reader found a better translation of Sheffield to be Cepheid so that'll be a thing from now on. Also, I've been aware of something for a while now, I was just kind of laissez-faire about changing it. Planet Rennes should really be Planet Ryan, the other translator also planned on changing it to Rayan, but Ryan is like the English name it was going for. So... Opinions? If it's alright now as Rennes then I'll keep it like that, but let's just get a little census so I'll stop thinking about it every time I go to bed. Sorry for such a long note~)
Chapter 049, Locke Castle
The night had a light wind blowing by. The fragrance of the primroses that encompasses the tombstone lingered around his nose. Under the hazy moonlight, the father and son tightly held onto each other in front of the tombstone. The body temperature from the youth's body made Rosen's perpetual cold and detached gaze also unable to help but to become warmer.
Rosen's height is much taller than his son's height. This kind of hug makes Lin's face stick to his chest, strong arms, broad chest, and steady heartbeat, giving people an inexplicable desire to get close. A sense of security.
— This is a father, a strong as well as a deeply affectionate biological father.
As a child, Lin Yuan had grown up in a single-parent family and never experienced the slightest bit of care from a father. He simply never thought that one day he would unexpectedly come across a father. What's more, his own biological father is actually the Imperial Marshal Rosen whom he secretly worshipped.
Being held in a tight embrace by his father, Lin Yuan couldn't help but have a bit of warmth surge from the bottom of his heart.
Rosen held Lin Yuan for a little while longer and then let go of him. Looking at the youth's two black eyes that were just as clear and bright as his dad's, Rosen couldn't help but extend his hand and lightly stroked his son's head, softly saying: "Xiao Yuan, let's go back for now. I still have some more things I want to tell you."
"En." Lin Yuan nodded and turned to follow his father.
Rosen took Lin Yuan along with him to the villa's third floor, entered the study room and locked the door. He had Lin Yuan sit down on the sofa and then turned around and took out the
crystal electronic photo album
from his bookshelf and handed it over to him.
(
TN
: Imagine something like a clear slab of glass that works as a tablet king of thing?)
Lin Yuan curiously asked: "What is this?"
Rosen said: "Open it and see, the password is your Dad's name."
Lin Yuan inputs the password to open the album and right away sees a photograph appear on the first page —
It was Ling Yu back when he was a student, he was wearing a blue military uniform, his pair of jet-black eyes were coldly indifferent and his facial expression is somewhat unnaturally stiff when facing the camera lens.
The photo was taken someplace indoors, Lin Yuan recognized it right away at a glance — it was none other than the student dormitory of the St. Romia Military Academy.
Lin Yuan used his finger to lightly swipe across the screen, urgently moving on for the second photograph to appear
The second photo is a group photo with four people. Lin Yuan recognized Rosen and Ling Yu, but the faces of the other two were completely unfamiliar.
Rosen explained for him: "Your Dad and I were both students of the 570th Class of St. Romia Military Academy in the Command Department. I just happened to be in the same dormitory quarters as him. The four of us in this group photo all lived in the same dormitory. The one on the left is Drew Bayh, in those days he was the youngest son of the Bayh family. He is now the head of the Hydra Legion. The one to the right side is named Bernia, he is an Adjutant in the Rose Legion."
Lin Yuan nodded and inquisitively flipped through all the photos one by one until he finished.
All of the photos stored in the electronic photo album were of his Dad, Ling Yu.
When he was young and inexperienced and just entering the school, to when the hour of graduation rolled around and his ambitions were full and ready to burst. When he was first promoted to Major, the corner of his lips slightly raised in a smile. When he was attending a meeting in the Military Affairs Office with a calm and cool-headed expression, discussing tactics to people with an earnest gaze......
Hundreds of photographs completely record every important moment of Ling Yu's military career across a 10 year period, from entering school to his expulsion from the military registry. With each moment captured with the utmost care, it is simply like a personal documentary.
Lin Yuan clasps the electronic photo album in both of his hands, he feels a bit moved and turns his head back to look at Rosen, "Are these pictures all collected by you?"
Rosen nodded and said: "Your Dad, he really hates taking pictures. Every time he faces the camera lens, his expression gets very stiff. There are very few photos left behind. Only for the necessary occasions such as award ceremonies and so on. These photos are I've gathered these photos through various kinds of means...... they are put in here as a commemoration."
In the years when Ling Yu wasn't there, Rosen could only use this way to remember him.
Rosen doesn't even remember how many times he has flipped through this electronic photo album. Time and time again he has looked over it and pondered. He could even clearly and distinctly recall the order of those hundreds of photographs from front to back.
Lin Yuan bowed his head to look at the man in the photograph, and his heart felt as if it had been pulled in a slightly painful manner by a thread. Such an outstanding general was expelled from the military registry by the Military just because of his identity as an Omega...... When he heard the sentencing of the military tribunal in those days, he must have been very upset, right?
Seeing Lin Yuan hanging his head, Rosen reached out and tightly held his son's shoulder. In a soft voice, he said: "Xiao Yuan, I will give you these photos to keep. I want to let you know, your dad, he is a very outstanding person. He is also, in my heart...... The greatest general."
Lin Yuan nodded and said seriously: "I think so too, Dad as an Omega, led the Dark Night Legion to win victories over and over again, he really is very remarkable."
Rosen was silent for a moment. "Even though both of us recognize his ability, unfortunately, the Military has continued its centuries-old tradition and never allowed Omegas to join the army. Your Dad used the identity of a Beta to sneak into the military. Because his ability was so outstanding, it attracted the attention of the higher-ups in the military. The ones in power of the military have always been the Alpha heirs from the 5 influential families, they will never allow anyone to threaten their status."
Rosen paused and looked back towards his son, "Lin Yuan, the military is a very complex place. Even though I am the Marshal,
I still cannot hide the sky with one hand
. If your matter came out, I would certainly use all of my power to save you from any damage, but the generals from other legions might not."
(
TN
: Hide the truth from the masses.)
Lin Yuan nodded and looked back at his father. He listened very closely.
Rosen met his eyes with his gaze, his tone could not help but become even gentler: "From now on, you must handle matters with extreme caution, not only should you hide your identity as an Omega, but also the matter of you being the son of Ling Yu and me. Do not speak of it to anyone...... Do you understand what I mean?"
Lin Yuan responded to his father's desire and hurriedly said: "I understand, I will not tell anyone. Once they know my circumstances, they will definitely not let me go. They especially wouldn't let Dad slip away, we can't reveal the secret that Dad is still alive."
Rosen graciously nodded his head, "You have come to an understanding very quickly. Although I don't know where your Dad is now, I will still think of a way to find him. Once I have the news, I will immediately let you know. First and foremost, you will attend school with peace of mind, leave your Dad to me."
Lin Yuan nodded and said: "Okay, I understand!"
Rosen paused and spoke in a low voice: "Black Dragon, you come out."
The space button ring worn on his right hand, as if it were a black gem, flashed an odd ray of light, then a black mech came out from the space button and completely shifted into a humanoid form and stationed itself in front of its master, Rosen. Its golden eyes also shone.
Lin Yuan looked up at the elegant black mech in front of him and couldn't help but exclaim in admiration: "Is this Black Dragon?!"
He had previously seen the shadow of Black Dragon in the memories of Suzaku. He did not expect that he would have the chance to see this S-Class mech with his own two eyes!
Lin Yuan looked at Black Dragon in front of him and couldn't help but excitedly shoot up on his feet and walk over in front of Black Dragon. Attempting to feel out its natural disposition, he tentatively extended his hand. Black Dragon very cooperatively extended its wide palm to hover in front of the little master, calmly letting Lin Yuan touch it.
Rosen couldn't help but smile.
As expected, the child was particularly interested in this mech. The moment he saw the mech, his eyes shone, no wonder he put so many mech models in his room.
Rosen asked in a soft voice: "Xiao Yuan, has Suzaku already come into your possession?"
Lin Yuan hurriedly said: "Yes!"
Rosen said: "You call out Suzaku too."
Although Lin Yuan is very confused, he nevertheless still cooperatively rouses Suzaku.
One black and one red, the two mechs stood in front of them. Just then Rosen stepped forward and ordered Black Dragon to modify a setting, then he had Lin Yuan place his hand on Black Dragon's palm and let Black Dragon scan his fingerprint.
After a moment, Black Dragon produced a calm voice: "Master, the highest authority has been successfully enabled."
Lin Yuan looked back at Rosen in shock, Rosen explained in a gentle voice: "When I am in the Glory Legion's command room, for each requested call, the signal must be intercepted by the Glory Legion's perimeter defense network and authenticated through a password. You can't contact me without a password. So, I enabled the highest authority of internal communication with Black Dragon for you. Later on, if you need to contact me for some reason, you can directly contact me through Suzaku's communicator."
Lin Yuan came to a sudden realization.
His father's action is equivalent to allowing himself to jump over the Legion's external defense network and directly connect to his personal mech, Black Dragon.
Who in the entire Empire can disregard the Glory Legion's defense network and directly connect to the Marshal himself, probably only His Majesty, right?
Lin Yuan was simultaneously both overwhelmed and unbearably happy.
— This is precisely how much importance his father places on him.
— The degree of importance is not even lost to his Glory Legion.
Putting Black Dragon and Suzaku back into their space buttons, Rosen opened his mouth and began speaking: "Xiao Yuan, you don't have to worry, I will bring your Dad back. This time, I will never again let him go."
Lin Yuan nodded and excitedly said: "Then I will conceal the secrets of my circumstances. After graduation, I will come to the Glory Legion!"
As soon as Lin Yuan finished talking, he reached out his hand, Rosen was stunned for a split second before he also cooperatively extended his hand.
"Clap", the sound in the peaceful study room rings sharp and clear as the father and son firmly bring their hands together.
Lin Yuan smiled and said: "Let's wait for Dad to return to have a reunion!"
Rosen smiled and said: "Okay, it's our promise."
The tacit understanding that is shared between their smiles to each other comes from nature's "blood is thicker than water" familial love of a father and son. At that moment, a thought from the two people emerged at the same time of that person they both missed— Ling Yu.
***
It was already very late into the night, Rosen let Lin Yuan stay in his apartment overnight without a second thought.
He took the room closest to his bedroom as Lin Yuan's room and Rosen had the butler quickly make some proper arrangements and even personally gave Lin Yuan a set of blue bed sheets and quilts and as well a personally-selected bed. On his writing desk, he even attentively put a lot of the mech models that Lin Yuan liked on it.
In just half an hour, the originally vacant guestroom looked completely new and became Lin Yuan's bedroom.
From then on, even if Lin Yuan is not here, this room will always remain for him.
— Here will forever be his home.
As a father, his child has already grown so much. There had been nothing but radio silence for an entire eighteen years. He didn't feed him a mouthful of food. He didn't teach him how to say a single word. He didn't give him a helping hand as he stumbled as he learned to walk when he was a child. He celebrated his birthday as he grew up and he never once bought a single gift for him. When he got first place in his exams, he never gave him a single line of praise.
The kind of father who never fulfilled his obligations, Lin Yuan surprisingly didn't mind it in the slightest, instead, he nonchalantly recognized the existence of this father......
Looking at the boy sleeping soundly in bed, Rosen's heart felt both a twinge of guilt and an especially warm feeling at the same time.
Lin Yuan not only did not reproach his father but instead comforted him and said: It is not your fault, you are already trying your best, aren't you? I thought that Dad had died. You have also been very upset these years in these past years......
That's right, these past years have had a lot of sadness, it was simply impossible to put it into words.
At that moment when Ling Yu left, it was as if someone had just forcibly dug out his heart in one chunk of flesh. Inside that completely deserted hole was so penetratingly ice-cold that even the passing of so many years was unable to fill the gap.
But now, Lin Yuan, this optimistic and kindhearted youth. His own flesh and blood who inherited the combination of his and Ling Yu's genes finally fills in the ice-cold cavity in Rosen's heart with bits of warm sunshine.
Suddenly having an 18-year-old son, Rosen was actually very much excited about it, however, he wasn't sure how he should pamper him.
He is already sensible...... He has no need for his father to dote on him.
Rosen gently extended his hand and tidied up his son's soft black hair. Lin Yuan, who was sound asleep, seemed to perceive a scent that made him feel safe. He slightly inclined his head over and lightly rubbed against Rosen's palm.
......Rosen's tender heart was immediately thrown into complete shambles.
This son can truly cure his 18 years of loneliness and despair in an instant.
Rosen even felt that the existence of Lin Yuan, that child, was Heaven's greatest gift to him.
Lin Yuan, who was soundly asleep, was completely unaware that being a dad for the first time, Marshal Rosen was in both nervous as well as a complex mood. He sat at his son's bedside through the middle of the night and didn't turn around to leave until the light of day threatened to shine.
***
This night is a very warm and smooth night for Lin Yuan.
But for Snow, it is an extremely thrilling night.
When Snow departed from Po Military Star to Cepheus, a week ago, he had booked an ordinary hotel online in advance. The hotel is very far away from the city center and the Empire's Imperial Palace. It is a safe and inconspicuous place.
Snow was just in the hotel surfing on the Internet during the day and until the time when the evening rolled around, he would then change into the black clothes and pilot Night Snow to move out and about. However, he was annoyed with the approach of the Empire's celebration of its 600th Anniversary. The capital star's recent public security is very strict. Great streets and small alleyways alike are full of infrared surveillance camera monitoring equipment, there are also a large number of electronic defense nets in the air, and even on the streets, there is armed public security supervision patrolling units moving to and fro.
Snow had to stop midway through for several days in a row just because he had encountered an armed patrol force and had no other option but to turn back.
Today is already the 7th. He has to hurry up and go.
In the wee hours at two in the morning, Snow once again put on that set of black clothes, tightened the leather belt around his waist, opened the window then suspended the metal hook on the window sill, bounded up, and with his lithe and graceful body, he climbed out of the window, sliding directly along the metal wire and onto the floor
His black leather boots made a quiet sound as they contacted the ground and produced a slight "bang" sound. Snow stood firmly and he immediately retracted the wire back into his hand, turned and put on a big hat, summoned Night Snow, and went over to his destination the fastest possible speed.
Although this healer-type mech made by Brian does not have a powerful attack system, its operating speed is nevertheless not lost to an A-Class mech, which is still several times faster than the average suspension car. Snow sat in the cockpit and designated the target point for Night Snow. Night Snow flew forward carrying him and quickly arrived near Locke Castle.
There are thousands of castles on the capital star and the reason why Locke Castle has become so well-known does not lie in its prosperity, but it's terror.
— This castle is known as "The City of the Dead".
— Those who enter are lifeless. There was death everywhere in the city, the humans who remained were the ghastly bones of the dead.
The castle was originally a very lively and prosperous place. There were many residents in the castle, and their lives were joyous and harmonious. However, more than 50 years ago, as a result of a virus outbreak, almost all the residents in Locke Castle feel ill and died here, and the virus spread quickly. It was several times more terrible than the Plague of the ancient earth era.
Since the migration of humanity from the Earth to other galaxies in the universe, all kinds of new viruses have brought about enormous threats to the human race. At the same time, human medical technology was also advancing by leaps and bounds. Most of the vaccines for viruses have already been successfully developed, but more than 50 years ago the SAV-II virus broke out and swept out the entire castle in just one short week. None of its residents was spared. It is considered to be the most severe infectious disease since the establishment of the Empire.
The Empire had previously sent out several medical experts to come here to study the virus. Unfortunately, those several experts also became infected with the virus and lost their lives. Since then, Locke Castle had built a reputation and became "The City of the Dead". The military completely sealed off the castle, cutting off all groundwater sources and electricity in the castle, closed the gates, built high walls, and no longer allowed anyone to enter.
These days, because the military's stringent patrolling of the capital star, they just happened to patrol the area where Locke Castle was located. Snow had several times reached the outer perimeter of the castle only to find traces of the air patrol troops, and had to turn back midway through.
Fortunately for today, those annoying guys are all finally leaving.
Snow arrived near the castle and immediately came out of the inside of Night Snow's cockpit, having Night Snow enter the space button in his necklace. Straightening out his clothes, he then turned and walked over to the gate of the castle.
The gates of the castle have already been sealed shut and it is impossible to honorably and justly enter. Snow frowned slightly, falling back a step, he went to an inconspicuous corner and positioned himself there and looked up at the high city walls to find the right position. He forcibly threw the metal hook to the top of the city wall!
The hooks "Bang" sounded, it accurately struck the apex of the city wall and Snow took a deep breath, firmly clasped the metal wire in his hand, and rapidly scaled up the city wall.
The City of the Dead, which had long since been abandoned, has been desolate and uninhabited for the past many years. There was no laser defense network around to intercept. Snow smoothly turned over the city wall, smoothly sliding to the ground, and turned his body towards the end of the street.
It was already three o'clock in the middle of the night at this point. The surroundings were dreadfully silent and the gentle moonlight cascaded down, it looked like a layer of pale silver light muslin was draped over the castle. Occasionally, the wind blew across and the surrounding tree leaves made a rustling sound, the swaying tree leaves cast a mottled shadow on the ground. The fragmented and scattered bones of the dead on both sides of the street added a trace of terror to the silent atmosphere during the odd hours of the night.
Snow kept a fast pace in the deserted street, leaving only the sounds of the wind and his own footsteps in his ear.
Relying on memory, he quickly passed through three streets and finally came in front of the door to Locke Castle, No. B17 3rd St. Villa.
Snow bites his finger as hard as he could and dripped his scarlet blood into the smart sensor area in front of the door at the villa. The sensory area emitted a feeble light. After a moment, the thick metal door in front of him made creaking and groaning sounds as it slowly opened.
After being uninhabited for so many years, this door made of metal had long ago already oxidized and rusted. The sound of it opening is particularly ear-piercing in the darkness of the silent night. A large expanse of weeds grows between the small cracks in the marble floor of the villa. In his memory as a child, the branches were thick and thin. Now the trees already look very thick and solid and the dense branches even extend out of the walls of the villa.
Snow frowned as he crossed the weeds and entered the villa.
The furniture in the living room was covered in dust and the original spotless white walls had even been covered entirely with spider webs.
"......"
Recalling the scenes of when he used to live here when he was a child, the rim of Snow's eyes suddenly became bitter.
Taking a deep breath and no longer minding these details, Snow went AWOL and moved towards the direction of the bathroom.
The surface area of the bathroom is very large, no one would have thought that there was an amazing secret hidden underneath this bathroom.
— The mysterious scientific organization "Undercurrent" consisting entirely of Omega, has its laboratory and general headquarters hidden beneath the Locke Castle in a place called "The City of the Dead".
The author has something to say: Snow and Bubu have not shown their faces for a good several days. Did everyone think they died? In the near future, these two will make great progress~~
Caesar compares soy sauce, for now, every one be at ease, Caesar and Xiao Yuan still have a long time to cultivate feelings, en en ah ah scene~~
(
TN
: If there's a lot of typos or things just sound wonky I'll just apologize in advance lol. Very tired~ But hey, it's done! And off to chapter 50~ Finally getting deeper into the plot~ PS: Yes the author changed it from colons to commas in the chapter titles. Props if you noticed.)
Chapter 050, Undercurrent
Snow found the detector hidden between the junction of the walls in the bathroom and once again used the blood from his finger to drip down into it.
After roughly ten seconds, sure enough, the detector lit up with a hint of soft radiance. It simply appeared that the floor under Snow's feet suddenly split open with a crack of more than one meter wide, and Snow, standing there, immediately fell down and the floor subsequently closed soon after. The bathroom once again resumed its original appearance. Snow seemed as if he had just been suddenly swallowed up by the earth, disappearing without a trace.
The design of the city's underground is highly secretive and the authentication for entering is entirely reliant on blood.
The detector's bioanalysis system will automatically discern the present gene sequence in the human blood and strictly verify it compared to the data stored in the system. After a successful verification, the passage will be opened. Anyone who is not a member of the Undercurrent Organization absolutely may not enter without permission. If any strangers break into the underground of the city by any other means, all of the secret information in the underground of the city will be automatically destroyed!
More than 50 years ago, the SAV-II virus wreaked havoc and turned Locke Castle into Hell overnight. That virus passed through drinking water and spread rapidly in a short period of time. A large number of residents died due to the infection from the virus. Only a few several people narrowly and luckily escaped the disaster.
A married couple, Dr. Sean and his wife just happened to be doing experiments in a sealed laboratory at the time, thus avoiding the effects of the virus.
By the time they finished the experiment, the storm of the virus had long since passed, and the whole city had also become "The City of the Dead". The streets were full of the skeletons of the dead, communications and the Internet were paralyzed, and the military had immediately considered this place as a ruin. The city gates were also directly sealed off!
The two took along gas masks and started looking for survivors from house to house. They did surprisingly find a few living people.
As chance had it, those who were alive were all Omegas and many of them were pregnant Omegas. After Sean looked into it, he discovered that these Omegas had special physical constitutions, and the environment in their body is not very suitable for the survival of the SAV-II virus, therefore allowing them to survive this disaster.
Fortunately, the devastation of this virus had not ruined the city's infrastructure. The food sold in supermarkets was still edible, but because the city has been completely sealed off, communications and the Internet had also been completely interrupted. These survivors had no way to get in touch with the outside world, so they had no other option but to gather in
Dr
. Sean's villa and set up this underground passage, and began to find ways to live in this "City of the Dead".
(
TN
: Here, Dr. Sean is referred to in a different way as he previously was, he was referred to as a medical doctor at first (医生), but it seems he will also be referred to as Dr. (博士), as in one who has a Ph.D. kind of Dr. that received their doctorate degree in college. Presumably, he has a doctorate in a medical field regardless. Zhou Yi, on the other hand, has been referred to as (医生), the medical kind.)
— This is the origin of the Undercurrent Organization.
Except for Sean and his wife who are Beta, everyone else is all Omega and the Omega children they bore also, as a consequence, escaped the registration of the Omega Association.
In order to survive in these desperate straits, it is necessary to resolve the problem of the Omega's estrus.
Sean and his wife began to study inhibitors for Omegas. After going through continuous trials, they finally developed a hypodermic injection that can control the level of pheromones in the body. The Omegas no longer had to worry about their estrus causing complications.
The group of people lived in this ghost town cut off from the rest of the world for many years until the few Omega children slowly began to grow up.
Even though the several children were born in this kind of "City of the Dead", they were still quick-witted, clever, and obedient.
As the parents of these children, they can't bear to let their children stay here forever......
Thus, they thought of a way by looking in the machinery manufacturing plant for the very same metal wire Snow carried on his person. They could use this to climb the extremely high walls. They had made a variety of Omega pheromone inhibitors that allowed the children to disguise themselves as Betas and sneak into the population.
Under the guidance of many elders, those several Omega children became extremely excellent. They are not only very agile and nimble but also very intelligent. By the time they were young, they could use the metal wires to come and go to this castle with ease. They are simply just like a group of little Omega superhumans.
After growing up, those several Omega youths were not willing to resign themselves to living their entire lives being trapped in this sealed castle. They had dreamt of their own dreams. They wished to go outside and see the world and they also wanted other Omegas to live like them to be alive so freely and easily.
So, several Omega youths left Locke Castle with the help of those from the previous generation.
There was one
who was admitted to the St. Romia Military Academy and became the youngest Major General in the history of the Empire; there was one who went to the Imperial Central Hospital and became the top doctor; there was one went on to learn to make mechs and became a remarkable expert mech manufacturer; there was one who pretended to be a Beta to enter the specialized Omega school and has become a well-received teacher......
(
TN
: Pretty sure this is referencing Ling Yu? I could have sworn I remember seeing this mentioned somewhere...)
They have gradually established a foundation in all walks of life and introduced the ​​Omega's who held the same ideas as them into the Undercurrent Organization.
The Undercurrent Organization secretly provided pheromone inhibitors to Omegas and even developed a new type of inhibitor that if injected throughout childhood would allow the child to completely become a Beta when they are 20 years old.
The scale of the Undercurrent Organization is getting bigger and bigger with many Omega newcomers secretly joining each year. This kind of inhibitor that can control the estrus is very popular among Omegas and it is quickly circulated in secret between Omegas.
That was until 19 years ago, the military did not know about the existence of this organization and began to thoroughly investigate the source of the inhibitors. They wanted to catch the entire organization in one net — Ling Yu was the first Omega to be singled out as a target by the military.
Fortunately, Ling Yu was able to notice that this turn of events was anything but good and immediately sent out a message to the Undercurrent's General Headquarters. A majority of the members in the Undercurrent Organization hid away in time to escape the pursuit of the military, but there were still some Omegas that had not had enough time to escape and were secretly arrested by the military.
Since the beginning of that year, this organization has vanished without a trace and many of the members of the organization remain unaccounted for.
Once again returning to the underground city of the Undercurrent General Headquarters after so many years, Snow actually has the feeling as though he is in artificial reality inside a dreamland.
Although Locke Castle is called The City of the Dead, this underground space is nevertheless constructed incomparably beautifully.
The survivors used a full six-year period to build a brand new underground city here.
The lights here use the most advanced energy-saving voice-activated lighting system. Snow is took the elevator all the way down. All along the way, the lights flicker on in succession as if they were greeting a guest. In the wake of the lights revealing light, one can see that each of the rooms has a different layout. There was a large-scale underground supermarket for storing food, pharmacies for storing various kinds of medicines, intertwining rows of rooms and even a gymnasium.
The underground of the city was altogether divided into three levels. The first floor is the residential area, the second floor is the food and various necessities storage area, and the third floor is the Undercurrent Organization's central laboratory.
Snow took in the elevator straight down and reached the lowest level of the central laboratory.
If he remembers correctly, there is something he wants to look for in the central laboratory —
Every raw material for making Omega pheromone inhibitors, including a large number of prohibited drugs that have long since been banned in the market!
Snow walked out of the freight elevator and took a deep breath, advancing towards the depths of the corridor.
In dead silence, only the echo of footsteps reverberated in the empty corridor and it was particularly clear to his ears. Snow quickened his steps forward and when he walked up to the entrance of the laboratory, he came down to a stiff halt.
— This isn't right, the echoing sound of these footsteps seems to be more than one person......
— Could there be another person here?!
Snow immediately took out the needle from inside his sleeve and clasped the end tightly in his hand. He had just barely turned around when he suddenly felt a slight prick on the nape of his neck!
The tip of the needle pierces through the skin on the nape of his neck and then a strange sense of numbness spreads all over his body.
Snow wides his eyes in shock.
— This is the conventional weapon used by members of the Undercurrent Organization!
— Dr. Sean's weapons, neuro-anesthetics, which were specially developed for Omegas, are hidden in tiny tips of needles. Even if you only lightly puncture the skin, you can directly drop a person with matchless strength straight to the ground. More importantly, the weapon can also pass through any inspections and can be stealthily hidden in sleeves, bags, and even under fingernails.
At the same time as he was thinking about this explanation, Snow's eyes already began to grow lax, and soon his whole body weakened and he fell towards the ground.
With his consciousness fading away, he perceived himself to be in what seemed like the embrace of a man. The man's arm held a lot of power, but his body had a faintly cold scent. Snow only had time to see the
dark blue
of the military boots on his feet......
(
TN
: Wonder who this is~? If you need a little extra help just see who wears a blue military uniform in the last chapter.)
Then, he completely lost consciousness.
***
The Bayh household's 200th birthday celebration for Mr. Aston has been on from the beginning of 8:00 in the morning up to 8:00 in the evening.
Although Caesar participated in the birthday celebration on behalf of the royal family's courtesy, he was honestly a little impatient as he sat in the banquet hall.
As the leader of the Hydra Legion, one of the five major legions of the Empire, the Bayh family naturally has a large family of fit with a plethora of branch families. Mr. Aston has several brothers and there are too many cousins to count. Those of the older generations dragged their sons and grandsons from running away to give their congratulations. This scene is really larger than life and would make one exclaim in admiration. Even Brian himself couldn't count how many brothers he had, let alone Caesar as an outsider.
Caesar was actually very familiar with the Bayh family, simply because of Mr. Aston's direct connection to his bloodline. Aston's youngest son, General Drew Bayh, is the head of the Hydra Legion. Caesar's
first cousin once-removed
, Berg, was married off to him and their only son, Brian, is Caesar's best friend.
(
TN
: Restating, here this is used, 堂叔- one's father's younger male cousin. (Google Translate will lie to you, it does contain the character for uncle but the first character is for a paternal cousin relationship.) Caesar will refer to him as an Uncle.)
Compared to those heaping piles of sons from all his uncles in the family, his only bloodline left is his sole child, Brian. It gives the impression that he really is a little weak.
The reason why General Drew only had Brian as his only baby son is entirely because of his most beloved man, his wife. Back then after Berg gave birth to Brian, his body was in such poor health that it got to the point where he almost died. Drew did not dare to let him continue to give birth. From then on, he has been using artificial contraceptives.
As a man who loves his wife, General Drew is often ridiculed by other people in the military.
Brian is actually very proud and heavily endorses his father's methods and he intends to learn from his father's strengths to develop and build upon them.
— Our family in the future, Snow will also only give birth once.
In the first place for Beta, just giving birth comes with difficulties and Brian was also reluctant to have Snow suffer through this ordeal and place too much pain in his innermost feelings until it was entirely too late.
The whole banquet hall was unusually bustling with noise and excitement and from time to time there were some so-called cousins ​​who came over to say hello to Brian.
It simply gave Brian an extreme headache.
His dad, Berg's personality is a bit cold and he engrosses himself in mech research all day long. His father, Drew is also occupied handling military affairs. Their family does not have much contact with other people in the Bayh family. Brian had always idly stuck himself to his dad's ass like a bum beetle and followed him closely to the storehouse to give him a helping hand, resulting in him being completely unfamiliar with his other brothers in the Bayh family.
*
What Brig, Blaise, Blyde...... All of these names of his cousins are too hard to remember!
(
TN
: Names above are 布莱格，布莱兹，and 布莱德. Notice anything? Brian's name is 布莱恩. I myself thought it was funny, but anyways, apparently either Brian is overexaggerating or everyone in his family really isn't too creative with names. I should also throw in that Caesar (Xize) (西泽) and Xiwei (西维) both start with the same character too. It's taken from a character in Lacey Empire (莱西) which also has a character from Brian's name too (莱). This all just some neat little things I'd like to point out but never receive an opportunity to.)
From 8:00 am to 8:00 pm, the huge family gatherings was a boiling cauldron of voices. Brian was completely uninterested in the conversations of those cousins. He found an excuse to get out and arrived at Caesar's side. The two took along some glasses of red wine and went to a corner in the lounge and chatted.
Brian swirled the wine glass in his hand and frowned as he said: "It's so damn boring. My grandfather couldn't stand it anymore and slipped away earlier......
Shouxing
has already left. Why are they still not stopping?!"
(
TN
: This is the name of the God of Longevity and just a specific term for an old person who is celebrating their birthday.)
Caesar said in a low voice: "According to your family's usual habits, every year they celebrate until at least 10 o'clock in the evening and then they can still stay up even later eating."
Brian nodded: "That's right, they finish eating at 11 o'clock, just in time to take a bath and go to bed."
The two simultaneously looked at each other face to face and smiled helplessly. They raised their glasses and bumped them, draining their cups in one gulp.
— This kind of big family gathering can truly go on for the whole day with so many people.
Caesar placed his empty wine glass on the table and looked back at Brian and said: "Wouldn't it be better to ditch?"
Brian had this thought, "Alright, I will take you to my family's mech warehouse to take a look."
Although the mech warehouse in Brian's home is a personal mech warehouse, it is nevertheless comparable to the Empire's officially largest mech warehouse.
Mr. Aston's warehouse stocks of armor parts range from E-Class to A-Class in as many as tens of thousands, this mech warehouse is almost comparable to a large-scale mech manufacturing plant. The entire mech warehouse is five stories. The first floor to the fourth floor is all depots classified to store all kinds of parts. The fifth floor stores some of the mechs that Berg himself has made. Ever since Mr. Aston finished up White Feather, he has no longer concerned himself with it. Now, this warehouse is being managed by Berg.
Brian brought Caesar to the fifth floor and Berg was also in there.
Under the lights, the man was fully concentrated as he examined the design plans, the profile of his face appeared unspeakably soft. Hearing the sound of footsteps, he raised his head and frowned slightly with some annoyance: "Brian, you're not at the party, what are you doing here?"
Berg being an Omega, this kind of family gathering is inconvenient to attend outright. After all, a lot of Alphas from a collateral bloodlines will be there. Drew wants nothing more than to hide his wife in his pocket. He is simply unable to let him show his face in front of so many Alphas.
Berg himself in regards to this unexpectedly does not want to get so close to this kind of excitement, he just wants to be at ease and stay in the mech warehouse to study design plans.
Coming into contact with the cold gaze of his Dad, Brian smiled and said: "
Pa
, this party is too boring, I took Caesar for a casual stroll."
(
TN
: He goes from (爸爸) to just (爸).)
Caesar also smiled and said: "Is Uncle is studying new mech design plans?"
Berg nodded and said: "En, I am helping Brian look over the plans for the design drawings of this healing-type mech." Pausing for a moment, he somewhat doubtfully said, "Brian, what are you doing with this healing-type mech? Furthermore, you're spending so much time designing it, who is it for?"
Brian was embarrassed as he scratched his head, he couldn't help but think: Of course, it is for your daughter-in-law!
However, the current timing is not right. Brian did not dare to confess about Snow too directly. He found an excuse to say: "I just suddenly had a burst of inspiration. According to these drawing plans, I made a mech, but I always feel that there is still a lot of room for improvements to be made, so I want you to help me take a look."
Berg nodded and handed the drawings back to Brian. The tone of his voice was flat as he said: "The train of thought behind this design is fairly good. At your current level, it can already be considered extraordinarily well done. There are a few areas where it can be upgraded some, I can help you draw it out, I could also find the opportunity to show it to your grandfather."
Berg very rarely praises his son, but often scolds Brian for acting like an idiot, he seldom declares any words considered to be praise like"extraordinarily well done". Brian immediately happily took the design plans from his dad's hands, "Thanks, Dad!"
Berg nodded his head and turned to look at Caesar: "Caesar, your Father came today too, right?"
Caesar said: "Yes, Father is talking over some things with Grandpa Aston."
Berg was silent for a moment and said, "Then you two are just messing around and taking a stroll around here. I am tired, I'll go back to rest first."
Caesar smiled and said: "Alright, goodnight Uncle."
Berg then left, Brian picked up the design plan with his dad's corrections, gives it a quick once over, and says excitedly: "Great, Pa's level is really much better than mine! Once I get back, I must immediately remodel Night Snow. Adding these kinds of functions, Snow will certainly be very happy."
Seeing Brian's face light up when he mentioned Snow, Caesar's heart felt slightly moved
......he also missed Lin Yuan a little.
Not seeing him for no more than one day, I began to miss that person. When I left the hotel, I left him a message for him and bought him lunch, but I can't be completely at ease. I always feel that leaving my Omega all alone is very irresponsible behavior......
It goes without saying that he really liked him from the start. In addition to his marking of him previously, the fundamental nature of an Alpha desires to protect, which makes Caesar itch to keep Lin Yuan close to his side at all times. He wishes for nothing more than for Lin Yuan to be in his line of sight in every moment. Not being able to see him for a single moment makes his heart terribly uncomfortable.
Brian studied the design plans for a second before running downstairs to dig out the right parts, leaving Caesar to take a stroll around in his lonesome.
Caesar was not in the mood to appreciate these mechs. His longing for Lin Yuan that settled at the bottom of his heart made him impatiently take a deep breath and turned to walk towards a window. He took out his own communicator and immediately input Lin Yuan's number.
The small ball in the palm of the hand started to revolve at a high speed and soon the communicator was put through.
Caesar suddenly froze in place.
— What appeared in front of him was not Lin Yuan's face, but the handsome face of an adult man.
— Imperial Marshal, Rosen.
It's currently almost eleven by now! How could Xiao Yuan's communicator be in the hands of the Marshal?
What is even more surprising is that the surroundings in which the Marshal is located is obviously a bedroom. On the bed behind him is the indistinct outline of a figure laying down on the bed. As the Marshal stands up from the bedside, the person lying on the bed in front of him gradually becomes more distinct.
Jet-black hair, long eyelashes, the corners of his lips are slightly raised into a smile from what must be experiencing a beautiful dream......
That's Lin Yuan......
Caesar was simultaneously shocked as a sudden trace of hot anger rose from the bottom of his heart!
Unlike from the mutual attraction between Alphas and Omegas, the pheromones between an Alpha and another Alpha entirely repel each other's existence. That day when he took Lin Yuan out to eat with Rosen, the Marshal repeatedly gave Lin Yuan dishes and also looked at Lin Yuan with a gaze full of tenderness. Caesar's heart was already in a somewhat bad mood from being hung up to the side to dry. Considering that the other side is a respected Marshal and a senior from the older generation, Caesar had to endure the uncomfortable feelings in his heart, trying to get it in his mind that this is merely an elder appreciating and looking after the younger generation and did not say anything.
After Rosen saw the mark on the nape of Lin Yuan's neck, Caesar explained the reason and simultaneously also really wanted him to be aware of who the person who marked Lin Yuan was. When an Alpha lets another Alpha know that he has left a mark on the neck of a certain Omega, this actually explicitly indicates something — it clearly informs the other party, Lin Yuan is already my Omega, don't try anything with my Xiao Yuan......
Caesar thought that he had already made it clear enough. As a result, today, Marshal Rosen actually brought Lin Yuan to a bedroom god knows where? Lin Yuan, this idiot actually even fell asleep without the slightest precautions?
Looking at the scene that seemed to be very "warm", Caesar's eyes were nearly spitting fire!
Tightly clenching his fist, Caesar steadied his voice as much as possible and said: "Marshal, what's this all about? Xiao Yuan, why is he there with you?"
Rosen coldly stared at Caesar, slightly knitting his brows, "Does Xiao Yuan's whereabouts even need to be reported to you?"
Caesar: "......"
Isn't this sentence simply a glaring provocation?
The Omega which I have just recently marked, is now sleeping peacefully next to another Alpha? No matter whether it is a prince or a civilian, this matter is absolutely intolerable for any Alpha!
Caesar took a deep breath and meticulously examined the surroundings of Rosen's location. He spoke with a low voice: "Is he in your apartment? I'm coming to pick him up now."
Rosen's lips seemed to upturn into an invisible smile while looking at this fool, Caesar. He indifferently said: "That's unnecessary, I will send him back to the hotel tomorrow morning, he is already asleep, you shouldn't bother coming."
As soon as he finished speaking, he just bluntly hung up his communicator.
As the image in front of him suddenly disappeared, Caesar stared blankly for a while, and then his face went red as if he had been slapped in the face.
Taking a deep breath and calming down his heart that almost exploded, Caesar firmly called out: "White Feather, come out!"
"Yes, Master!" White Feather who was summoned was immediately glad to jump out and send Caesar into its own cockpit. It excitedly said, "I can't wait any longer! Quick quick quick, let's go and take back Lin Xiao Yuan and Predecessor Suzaku!"
***
In Rosen's apartment.
Inside the space button, Black Dragon calmly said: "Master, White Feather has arrived right at the door."
Rosen looked down at the time stamp on the stopwatch, one minute and five seconds.
Caesar flew to the door of Rosen's apartment in a minute and five seconds.
Nevertheless, Rosen frowned and faintly said: "This Caesar is too slow."
The author has something to say: Caesar courts death by going to the front door of his father-in-law's house hahahaha.
Courting death Caesar+Courting death White Feather~~~!
No zuodie
(
TN
: Written in English, if you don't seek death you won't die, used to comment on crazy actions that lead to embarrassment or other awkwardness. May also be written as No Zuo No Die.)
The master and mech are
over
on the same rhythm together ~ ~ 2k novel reading network
(
TN
: Written in English too.)
(
Another TN
: I took a long time, yes I know. But I got caught up on the raw episodes of The Untamed so who really lost something besides me who spent like 10 hours binging?)
Chapter 051, Origin
Outside of Rosen's apartment, Caesar had White Feather shrink down into its humanoid form and steadily land on the ground. They had just arrived at the visitor verification area outside the apartment's door. Soon, the face of a middle-aged man appeared on the screen in front of him, Mr. Wilde, the butler of Rosen's apartment.
Wilder smiled and said, "So it turned out to be His Royal Highness, may I ask if there is anything I can do for you?"
Caesar endured his furious heart and said as calmly as possible, "I have a pressing matter and need to see the Marshal, I'll trouble you to notify him."
The smile on Wilde's face could not be shaken by thunder, "Apologies Your Royal Highness, as for the Marshal, he is already asleep. Why don't you come back tomorrow? Or possibly let the Marshal come to the Imperial Palace to see you tomorrow?"
Caesar: "......"
— Sleeping? This is obviously an excuse!
As a prince, this was the first time in Caesar's life that he was stopped outside a door and refused entrance like this!
However, Marshal Rosen is in an honorable position at the end of the day. As the head of the Glory Legion and an important high-ranking military officer in the military, his private residence is fully covered with a laser defense net. People without permission cannot rashly enter. Rosen's entire apartment is comparable to a large park. Looking out from the gateway entrance, you can only see a wide expanse of lawns, flower beds and trees. Even the shadow of the villa where the owner lives can't be seen.
Thinking of Lin Yuan in that bedroom soundly asleep on the bed, Caesar felt a cluster of hot anger rise from the bottom of his heart.
Your Omega has been taken away by another Alpha, this simply cannot be tolerated!
Even though Marshal Rosen is considered to be an elder, in today's day and age the human life expectancy has already exceeded 300 years of age. With the Marshal's age, he can still be considered to be in the category of a golden bachelor. In addition, Lin Yuan has always really admired him and with Lin Yuan's pure personality, he clearly completely lacks any sense of danger. If he has any thoughts about Lin Yuan, the consequences would be simply unimaginable......
Caesar tightly clenched his fists and forced himself to calm down. Then, through White Feather's communicator, he requested communication with Black Dragon.
In the villa, Black Dragon's golden eyes flashed for a moment and said: "Master, there is a request for communication from White Feather."
Rosen raised the corner of his lips and put through the communicator.
White Feather excitedly shouted at his side: "Master Master! If the Marshal does not let us in, we will resolutely charge right through!"
With the Master, even the Imperial Palace can be charged through, not to say the Marshal's private apartment. White Feather suddenly felt very arrogant and proud. He is definitely the most impressive S-Class mech in the history of the Empire. Firmly breaking through all kinds of places is simply a piece of cake to him! This glorious deed should definitely be written into the Mech Association's annals! The hero rescues the beauty by resolutely charging through Rosen's apartment complex, getting ahold of Predecessor Suzaku and saving the day and what not is simply too romantic!
Compared with the excitement of White Feather, Caesar contrariwise quickly calmed down and looked at the image of the man with a serious face. Caesar took a deep breath and calmly said: "Marshal, I have some words to tell you, would you please let me in."
Rosen raised his eyebrows and did not respond.
Caesar continued to maintain his elegant demeanor and said: "In fact, I can use White Feather and break right through. Those laser nets above the apartment can't do anything to White Feather. However, I don't want to do that. Because if the matter of me breaking into the Marshal's apartment gets out to other generals and someone who uses their head carefully investigates it, it's highly likely that Xiao Yuan's identity would be exposed." Caesar paused, "I think the best way is to pretend that I have a matter to drop in and pay you a visit for. We can calmly sit down and have a proper chat. This is just for the sake of Xiao Yuan, you see?"
— At last, he had gathered a bit of brain and no impulse.
— However, if he dares to be impulsive, Black Dragon has long since been here on standby. The tail of the mech connected to the man swept out and unconditionally spoke no objections.
Rosen nodded. "Well then, there are some words to come in and say." The apartment gate was immediately opened with the owner's highest authority.
Caesar said a noise of "thanks" and immediately piloted White Feather into the apartment.
Rosen shut off the communicator and turned back to look at the son on his bed. He asked in a low voice, "Xiao Yuan, do you like this little prince?"
Lin Yuan, who was sound asleep, totally couldn't hear what his father was asking, he took his face and buried it into a pillow, lightly snoring.
Rosen faintly smiled, he reached out and tugged up the quilt for his son. He said softly: "Don't worry, even if he has marked you, so long as you don't like him, naturally there is a father who will back you up."
The words Rosen spoke directly put his treasured son is put above all of his principles.
— If my son is not happy, Caesar also doesn't get to be happy.
— So what about being a prince, so what about marking him? If my son does not look at you, even the Heavenly King would also have to move aside.
Rosen had just barely assumed the position of a father, he doesn't know how he should show love to his son. Rosen had of course been terribly distressed by his son lodging under another person's roof for a full 18 years. What's more, his son's Omega identity has already been exposed and Caesar had even secretly given him a mark without a second thought?
At this time, Caesar had rushed to the door, definitely coming to court death!
After entering the apartment, Caesar charged into the villa as fast as possible.
At the door, White Feather sunk to the ground, and when they walked to the front of the door, they found the door was open. Obviously, the Marshal was waiting for him.
This kind of "opening the door waiting for you to arrive" position...... Why does it seem so wrong?
Caesar ignored the strangeness of it in his heart and slowly walked into the house.
As soon as he entered the door, he caught sight of Marshal Rosen sitting on the sofa. Even though he did not wear any special military uniform, he gave out a strong sense of oppression. However, as the man with domestic clothing swept his indifferent gaze over himself, it had nevertheless made Caesar's scalp go unbearably numb.
This feeling of being "examined" is especially unpleasant!
Caesar lightly clenched his fist out of sight, trying to cover up the strong anger and vinegar in his heart as much as possible. With an unperturbed facial expression, he walked up to face the man and said calmly: "Marshal, I will pick up Xiao Yuan and take him back, where is he?"
Rosen insipidly said: "He fell asleep."
"......" Caesar's fingers tightened themselves, "Marshal, I will still bring him back to the hotel. He has not returned all night, it might cause doubts to arise from instructors and classmates. "
Rosen facial expression was just as cynical as before, looking at Caesar he said: "I had Wilde pick up Xiao Yuan and bring him over here in secret and not one person has been aware of it. As for the matter of him not coming back for the whole night, you dwell in the room with him, if you don't say anything, who would know?"
"......"
Secretly picked up to come here? What does he want to do after all?!
Didn't you just recently go out to have dinner the day before? As a Marshal busy with military affairs, having his butler pick up a student in secret to bring to his home, but also in the situation of still knowing that the other person is Omega......
This absolutely not simple, right?!
Caesar was silent for a moment, and somewhat annoyed said: "Marshal, I have not meddled with you getting close to Xiao Yuan from the beginning. I had thought that you only appreciated his talents as an elder. You are willing to help him hide his circumstances. I am extremely grateful for you — but if you have any other thoughts about him, I advise you to give up as soon as possible!
Just as a wild animal uses its tail to surround its belongings to put in its territory, Caesar has clearly already determined Lin Yuan to be his Omega ever since he spoke out, it's a demonstration of the Alpha in front of you!
The corner of Rosen's lips rose slightly for a second, "Why should I give up?"
Caesar calmly greeted Rosen's gaze. "Because I like Xiao Yuan, I have already marked him, he is my Omega!"
Rosen's face abruptly grew completely cold: "You went and marked him, is he really yours? You completely marked him?"
Caesar said: "......although it is a temporary mark, I am serious about him!"
Caesar should rejoice that he did not have a momentary urge to completely possess and mark Lin Yuan. Otherwise, Rosen would have already gotten ahold of him and chopped him up into bits of waste.
Rosen faintly said: "Was he in a voluntary situation?"
Caesar: "......"
This question simply drew blood on the first prick.
Caesar was rather somewhat embarrassed in his heart. When Lin Yuan was marked, Lin Yuan was completely unaware of it. But at this moment in time of opposing one another with equal harshness, he absolutely must not show one hint of weakness in front of Rosen.
Caesar thickened his face to say: "It was."
Rosen asked in a low voice: "You mean that Xiao Yuan, he likes you too?"
Caesar continued to keep a straight face and said: "Of course he likes me."
Rosen: "......"
At that moment, Rosen suddenly really wanted to ask, you lie more than you tell the truth, did you learn your acting skills from your Father?
— Trent has taught such a good son!
Coming into contact with Caesar's undisturbed gaze, Rosen pursed his eyebrows somewhat displeasedly, "Have you made up your mind to be with Xiao Yuan?"
Caesar hurriedly said, "Of course!"
Rosen stared straight into Caesar's eyes and spoke one word at a time: "Caesar, as a prince, did you completely forget the rules that you need to consider when choosing a partner? Lin Yuan is just an orphan and the fact is you are the sole heir to the Empire. You think that with your honorable status, people would respect you marrying an Omega of unknown origins ?"
Caesar earnestly said: "You are right, Xiao Yuan is an orphan. He does not have an illustrious family background to back him, but I like this one. His status and background have nothing to do with it. As far as I am concerned, he is the partner I want to protect for all my life, I believe that my foresight will not be wrong."
When Caesar mentioned this, his gaze had unexpectedly become gentle and soft, "Xiao Yuan grew up in such a difficult environment, but he is still so optimistic and kindhearted. He has always been very hard-working and he's awfully strong. I like him, even more, I love him dearly. I can guarantee that even if the royal family makes things difficult for him one day, I will absolutely use all of my strength at the risk of my life to prevent him from suffering any bit of grievance. I will not only give him the proper respect he deserves, but also give him the most open freedom."
Caesar raised his head to look at Rosen, his voice both calm and firm: "If one day in the future, I become this Empire's King, Lin Yuan would be the only Queen in my eyes."
— The only Queen in his eyes? The partner you want to protect your entire life?
The words of Caesar were completely firm and calm, he is clearly not just acting out a script. Since he has at last spoken about this, Rosen also has no reason to doubt his sincerity.
Rosen couldn't help but feel somewhat amazed from the bottom of his heart. He really only wanted to feel out Caesar. He didn't expect that Caesar's feelings for Xiao Yuan would be so deep. He had not only set his mind on Xiao Yuan, but he also had such a long-term plan for their future......
—An Imperial Queen?
His ignorant son is currently burying his face in a pillow, remarkably sound asleep.
His son, who hasn't yet to fully understand such things properly, perhaps does not know what romantic love is, he obviously also does not know Caesar's intentions.
This guy, Caesar, is obviously only wishfully thinking.
Rosen looked at Caesar's appearance of making a solemn vow and he couldn't help but feel it was a bit laughable in his heart. He lowered his voice as he said: "Caesar, even if you have set your mind on Xiao Yuan, it also depends on his own wishes. If Xiao Yuan doesn't want to go to the Imperial Palace, I will never, ever allow you to force him."
All of a sudden, Caesar was stunned and from the bottom of his heart couldn't help but think —
You are really too much of a micromanager, aren't you?
I am so good to Xiao Yuan, why on earth do you insist on inserting your foot? What is the matter with you old man, you think if he doesn't want to go to the Imperial Palace I'll kidnap and lock him up?
Caesar was displeased as he looked at Rosen, "Marshal, can I take Xiao Yuan away?"Rosen said, "Can't."
Caesar: "......"
With great difficulty, he suppressed the anger that rushed forth in his heart once again, a burst of pulsating thumps rushed straight to Caesar's temples. Were it not for the opposing party being the Imperial Marshal where even his Royal Father had to respect him to some degree, Caesar couldn't help but think to rush up there and forcibly take that person.
What does he mean in the end when he says he still won't let that person go after so long?
At this moment, Rosen suddenly opened his mouth to speak: "Today is Mr. Aston's birthday. At what time did you attend the banquet?"
Caesar wondered a bit as to why the Marshal suddenly changed the topic, but he still politely replied: "8 o'clock in the morning."
Rosen went on to say: "So, at what time did you find out that Lin Yuan was at my place?"
"......"
Caesar had become stumped for words from the deepest parts of his heart, he suddenly felt a hint of chilliness crawl up his back!
Yes...... 10 o'clock at night......
Caesar didn't even have any time to answer before Rosen said the answer for him: "You left the hotel at eight in the morning and only found out that Lin Yuan was taken away by me at ten o'clock in the evening. Then at 10:01 and 5 seconds, you made your way over spitting in anger and demanded to pick him up and bring him back, you then wasted another five minutes at the door."
Rosen's expression was frightfully cold, "How long have you been apart, do you need me to calculate it for you?"
Caesar: "........."
Rosen said: "Black Dragon."
Black Dragon was quietly watching the good show, called by its Master, it immediately and calmly said: "Master, apart for fourteen hours, six minutes and five seconds."
Caesar: "............"
Rosen looked at Caesar and said coldly: "After you left Lin Yuan, it was a whole 14 hours, 6 minutes and 5 seconds before you realized he was taken away by me. If I want to bring harm to him during this time, it would be enough for him to die 10,000 times!"
Caesar: "........."
His original hot anger and jealousy were instantly replaced by intense frustration and remorse.
That's right, he should not have left Lin Yuan alone and by himself in the hotel. He should be together with his classmates or with Instructor Knox. Even if Lin Yuan is left alone, he should also confirm his safety at all times. After all, Lin Yuan's identity is not simple. If by any chance someone with some motives wishes harm upon him now, today, if he was not currently at his side, would be the best opportunity they could lay their hands on!
I actually ignored such a big crisis......
Caesar lightly clenched his fists and didn't know what he should say for a time.
Rosen insipidly said: "Caesar, you are so careless, how can I be at ease if I hand my son over to you?"
Caesar suddenly raised his head and looked at Rosen incredulously. His voice trembled a bit: "So...... Son?"
Rosen nodded as he spoke: "That's right, I am Lin Yuan's biological father — What did you think I brought him back here to do? You don't know how to protect him well enough. I had him come home for the night, do you have any problems with that? "
Rosen looked at Caesar with "you are an idiot" written all over his eyes.
Caesar: "....................."
A layer of cold sweat instantly came out on his back, Caesar even wished more than anything to go back just now and give himself a ruthless slap to the face!
— What has he done?
— He was challenging his father-in-law just now?!
— He even threatened his father-in-law, saying that Lin Yuan is my Omega and not to involve yourself in the matter! Don't get any ideas about Lin Yuan!
— He......
— He is simply courting death.
Caesar wished he could be sucked into the floor and immediately bowed his head and respectfully saluted. He spoke apologetically: "My-My apologies, Marshal, I-I was momentarily impulsive, it was a misunderstanding...... Pardon me......"
Rosen looked at the little prince in front of him obediently bowing his head and faintly said: "You overlooked his safety and went to attend the banquet alone. Only until 10 o'clock did you remember to get in touch with him. This is the first thing. You've said you love him over and over again. You've known he was an Omega for this long, yet you didn't even connect this to refer to his origin. This is the second thing."
"......" The cold sweat on Caesar's back practically soaked through his shirt.
The father-in-law has begun to criticize him violently, he was really done for......
Just then, even the unusually excited White Feather also sensed that this turn of events didn't bode well and it shrunk back in its space button and didn't dare to come out.
Black Dragon stood to the side and continued watching the good show.
Rosen continued to ask with a cold face: "Did you really think that Lin Yuan is an orphan? Where could have a battlefield orphan went to escape the Omega Association's registration?!"
Speaking of this, Rosen is truly a bit angry. Almost immediately after he knew that Lin Yuan was an Omega, it brought about some suspicion to find out the whole truth. But Caesar marked Lin Yuan for so many days and unexpectedly did not go to investigate Lin Yuan's origins in detail, but simply thought that Lin Yuan was an orphan?
— This moron!
Caesar's face was flushed with red as he was met with his father-in-law's lecture and bowed his head and said, "I-Actually I felt skeptical about his origins once before, but by Father's word I didn't go investigate. Xiao Yuan's foster mother also said that he was the son of Lin Weicheng's comrade-in-arms. I was careless for a moment......"
Caesar deeply bowed his body towards the Marshal, "I'm sorry, Marshal, this is really my carelessness...... Please forgive me."
Just a moment ago he was spitting in anger and told him to not get any ideas about Lin Yuan. But now, he has bowed his head and was saying I'm sorry, please forgive me......
Caesar's behavior of being slapped in the face makes Rosen feel a little bit delighted.
Seeing his favorable approach of acknowledging his mistakes, as a prince, his appearance of bowing his head in a respectful and venerable manner is actually somewhat funny. Rosen's anger had disappeared and he said calmly: "Xiao Yuan is the son of me and Ling Yu." "
Caesar: "......"
In Caesar's heart, there is an upsurge of perilous, stormy waves.
Xiao Yuan was actually the son of the Marshal and Ling Yu! With his lousy brain, he couldn't have thought of this because he had assumed that Ling Yu had been long gone. He even saw General Ling Yu's tombstone in Rosen's back garden with his own eyes......
No wonder Xiao Yuan is so outstanding, being a classmate. His classmates call him a little monster and his level of manipulating mechs is so strong......
You must know that Marshal and Ling Yu are both people who possess S-Class mechs! Both parents' mental thresholds can control S-Class mechs. With the genes of these two people combined, the ones born will be of the purest and genetically most powerful descendants!
Lin Yuan's family background and backing is unexpectantly so powerful, Caesar suddenly felt that his road to the future was bumpy......
Rosen continued to be displeased as he said: "Your Father wouldn't let you investigate, so you won't investigate? If by any chance, one day your Father wants to sacrifice Xiao Yuan for the sake of political interest, will you also readily agree?"
Caesar hurriedly said: "Of course not......"
Rosen frowned and said: "Your Father already knows all this. If I didn't discover that there was something amiss with Black Dragon's intelligence center, I would have nearly got deceived by him too. I always thought that 19 years ago, Ling Yu piloted Black Dragon and was buried alive in the interstellar ruins. I was under the impression that the Black Dragon I woke up was its replica body. I didn't discover until recently that Black Dragon's intelligence center was altered by people."
Rosen glanced at the black mech stationed in the room, Black Dragon cooperatively flashed its golden eyes.
Rosen continued: "Following me spiritually matching with it over and over again, Black Dragon surprisingly retrieved some scattered and fragmented memories. It is the original body of the Black Dragon. It is not the replica, but the part of its memory of Ling Yu piloting it to escape was artificially removed in the data center of the Mech Association."
Caesar was shocked and said: "Data removal?! Is this Father's doing?"
Rosen nodded with a cold face: "If not your Father then who else? Obviously, back when he secretly saved Ling Yu, he created the illusion of Black Dragon being buried alive, then brought back the body of Black Dragon, wiped out a portion of its data and put it back in the Mech Association. Wherever Ling Yu is, he is also probably the only one who knows. However, I only just recently learned about the full truth. He went to attend Mr. Aston's birthday party today. I still haven't had time to contact him."
Caesar was in a complicated mood and remained silent.
It is no wonder that Lin Yuan was presented with the highest authority golden card by his Father. It turned out to be because his Father attached great importance to his parents, so he was given this card when he was born. His Father liked Lin Yuan so much, he obviously also knows that Lin Yuan is that child.
Looking at the silent Marshal, Caesar did not know what to say.
After a good while, Rosen then faintly said: "Caesar, the reason why I told you the truth is that I want you to properly protect Xiao Yuan at school in the future. After all, I can't look after him at all times. If you are at his side, I will also be able to rest more assured. Rosen paused, "Such as today, more than ten hours not being in the least concerned after I came and picked him up and took him away without your knowledge. I hope that there will be no second time."
Caesar immediately nodded: "I promise, I will never make this mistake again! After I return to school, I will surely look after him well!"
This please Rosen as he nodded his head and stood up from the sofa and said: "Okay, go back now. Xiao Yuan is already asleep, don't disturb him by being too loud. I will send him back to the hotel early tomorrow morning."
This time, Caesar does not dare to have the slightest objection.
Not to mention that tonight, the Marshal wants to keep his son at home for a week, he also does not dare to have any objections.
"Then...... I will leave first, good night Marshal."
Caesar brought out an incomparably cordial smile and bowed his body venerably and respectfully, then turned away from Rosen's apartment with White Feather.
The fullness of his hot anger and the vinegar that was filled to the brim clashed together, then once again hanging his head dispiritedly, he turned around and left with his tail between his legs.
Caesar felt that he was never in his entire life as stupid as he was today.
(
TN
: Between starting up a new translation project and just regular life stuff I've been a bit busy, I'm surprised I wasn't being hounded lol so thank you! Soooo the great battle between Papa Rosen and Prince Caesar commenced. The victor was very clear lmaoooo. School is creeping up on me so we'll just have to wait and see how much time it'll cut out of my free time. Peace~)
Chapter 052, Underground Factory
Locke Castle, the third level of the underground city.
The white energy-saving lamps brightly illuminates the entire laboratory as if it were daytime, and even though the instruments and equipment in the laboratory have not been used for many years, because of the presence of the air purification and sterilization systems, they are still just as bright and shiny when they were newly purchased. The environment of the freezer is tidily arranged to store a variety of medicines. There are no labels whatsoever posted in the freezer. Only those who are very familiar with it will know where the required medicines are stored.
The automatic door slowly opened in front of him and the man wearing a dark blue military uniform slowly walked in.
The spotlessly clean military-grade leather boots which are darker than his clothes colored deep as night, stepping on the pure white floor tiles, reflecting down the soft luster under the illumination of the lights.
The man has distinctly handsome features and the black leather belt around his waist makes his slender figure all the more tall and straight. Because he isn't wearing a military cap, his ink-like black hair naturally as well as gently hangs down over by his ears. The expression on his face is extremely cold, his pair of jet-black eyes are also completely tranquil with not a wave of emotion billowing through them.
The man looked down at the youth who had already been completely knocked out in his arms. He slightly wrinkled his brows and gently placed the boy on the seat next to him. He turned around without batting an eye and quickly took out a few of the medications in the freezer, and whispered: "Black Dragon, bring these."
"Yes, Master."
The pure black mech immediately came out of the space button on the ring, flashing its golden eyes, it took all of the medicines taken by its master and put them inside the mech's interior storage space.
The man walked up to the unconscious youth, bent down slightly, and extended his hand out to gently brush away the hair covering up the youth's face, revealing his unblemished forehead and delicate eyebrows.
The youth's eyelashes are very long, the ends of his hair are slightly curled, and his white skin is almost transparent under the illumination of the light. His appearance looks very delicate and refined.
The man couldn't help but suddenly feel startled, "This child looks very much like......"
Before he could think it over carefully, Black Dragon abruptly began to talk: "Master, His Majesty send out a message, please go as soon as possible."
The man stood up straight and said: "Alright."
Putting the black mech back into the space button, the man carefully looked at the unconscious Snow and softly said in his ear: "You know how the underground city is opened, you should be some Omega's child from the Undercurrent Organization then? I used a neuro-anesthetic on you, after waking up, you won't remember anything...... This is the best way."
The man turned and walked out the door, locked in the central laboratory door using the highest authority, using these means so no one could enter from the outside. Only after this youth wakes up can he open the door himself...... This can also be considered the optimal way to protect him.
Walking straight down the corridor of the central laboratory to the end, the man put his finger on a detector hidden in an inconspicuous corner —
A silver-white metal door suddenly appeared at the end of the wall in the corner. In front of the door, the laser immediately scanned the person's pupil. Then, both halves of the door split apart and the man slowly stepped in. As he entered, the metal door behind him quickly closed shut and the wall was also immediately restored to its original appearance. In a flash, the metal door disappeared without a trace.
— What is shocking is that this passage hidden in the wall actually extends to several kilometers straight underground!
The lift descends at a high speed. Encompassed by darkness and silent like an enormous underground tomb, this kind of rapid drop even gives people the illusion of weightlessness. The lights in the lift appear particularly faint in the utter silence and darkness.
He didn't know how long it took to descend. Suddenly he heard a slight "bang" sound, the lift finally seemed to have touched the ground.
As the sound rang, the surrounding voice-activated lights immediately lit up -
A corridor more than three meters wide suddenly appeared in front of him, the floor and surrounding walls of the corridor were completely covered with white tiles, the spotless white tiles sparkled and shined under the illumination of the lighting, making the expansive corridor look incomparably solitary and empty.
The man did not rush forward, but rather walked to the side, gently pressing down on a fingerprint sensor that was less than a centimeter in size on the wall. When he placed his finger on the sensor, the originally clear air in the middle of the corridor suddenly gained a dense spider web of red lasers in
sixes and sevens
!
(
TN
: Disorderly, really intricate and messy.)
This is the laser authentication corridor.
The laser's power switch is the fingerprint sensor. If you don't go through fingerprint verification and enter without authorization, you will definitely be cut into pieces by the dense laser grid in the corridor!
Soon, with a beep, the man's fingerprint was approved by the authenticator and the laser grid in front of him quickly disappeared at a speed visible to the naked eye. The man turned and sped walked through the wide corridor that stretched out to 100 meters
At the end of the corridor is a silver metal door, just as it was before.
After passing through the same pupil verification at the entrance, the entrance to the inner chamber of the underground city finally opened little by little in front of him.
— If it was the first time you came here, you would certainly be shocked by the scene in front of you.
In the underground a few kilometers deep, there is unexpectantly such a large secret weapon manufacturing base!!
The size of this underground space is even comparable to the largest castle in the Empire's capital star!
The entire space is brightly lit, thousands of machines are running at high speed, and various metal parts are stored neatly and orderly in the side warehouse. Several robot assistants are adding parts to the machines according to their set program. Although there isn't a worker to be seen, this underground factory is nevertheless still running just as extremely smoothly and easily as before. The entire assembly line is automatically controlled by the robots and it seems that everything is clear and running in good order!
The man slowly walked onward and caught sight of a person engrossed in studying the design plans in his hand as he passed by the working room. The man appeared to be thoroughly lazy, the buttons on the shirt were fastened crookedly, his hair was as messy as a lump of weeds, and he too didn't know how long it's been since the last took care of it.
The man seemed to feel the cold gaze on the top of his head, looked up, saw the other person staring blankly from behind him, and then grinned revealing a row of neat teeth. He slowly walked to him and opened his arms, "Ling Yu, I haven't seen you for such a long time!"
In wake of him stretching out his arms, because of his contact with those metal parts, it clearly magnifies the pitch-black oil on his sleeves.
Seeing that he was about to go throw himself on him in an embrace, Ling Yu hurriedly fell back a step and side-eyed him, "Dave, have you not taken a shower for a few days?"
Dave scratched his messy hair and innocently said, "It's far too busy. There is no time to bathe, ah."
Ling Yu: "......"
As someone with an obsession with cleanliness encountering people with sloppy behavior like this, even if they are all Omegas, Ling Yu still finds it intolerable for him to be near them.
After being silent for a moment, Ling Yu said: "Has His Majesty arrived?"
Dave said: "I also just received the message, he should arrive soon!"
Just as the two people were talking, the metal door on the other side suddenly opened, three people came in one after another.
Walking at the forefront is the His Majesty Trent, the Emperor wears the royal family's ceremonial robes for attending banquets. This set of formal dress is complex and magnificent, imperceptibly revealing a bit of His Majesty's prestige.
To his side is Mr. Aston, although he has just celebrated his 200th birthday, he has grizzled hair and the corner of his eyes are filled with wrinkles, but he still looks just as healthy and sturdy as before. In glowing spirits, after he sees Ling Yu, he even happily smiles.
After that is the Captain of the Royal Guard Squadron, Admiral Regg. The man's ordinary facial features are stuck in a wooden expression and his right hand is perpetually rested on the black electromagnetic saber at his waist, ready to protect His Majesty at the drop of a hat.
Three people walked in with deliberate steps, Ling Yu and Dave immediately got up to face them, and gave a respectful royal ceremony to Trent, "Your Majesty."
Trent slightly smiled and looked at Dave and said: "Dave, time is of the essence, let's do this as quickly as possible."
Dave immediately nodded: "Understood, Your Majesty, please come with me."
The five passed through the factory together and walked up to a secret room. Dave opened the door to the secret room using his authority.
Unlike the manufacturing plants with various kinds of machinery strewn all about outside, the space of this chamber is very wide and empty. The only thing in sight in the center of this space with a length, width, and height of more than 50 cubic meters, standing tall and upright is a gigantic orange mech!
That kind of vivid and beautiful orange is unlike that of the calmness of a pure black and the cool elegance of a dark red. The comfortably warm orange looks as if it was plated with a layer of the sun's brilliant rays. The whole mech appears to be brimming with vitality and energy. Under the illumination of the lighting, it illuminates the whole room, it's incomparably dazzling!
The prototype of the mech is a fox. The seemingly gigantic size has extremely smooth body contours and the connection of each joint is just right. It will certainly be extraordinarily nimble when running! Even rarer is that this fox has nine tails!
Because the mech is a shutdown mode, the nine tails are now loosely hanging behind the mech, and once the tails are entirely in full swing, the concealed offensive weapons inside each tail are enough to blow up the entire city! Two of the tails can also be launched as wings.
This is a flying fox — the Nine-Tailed Fox!
The manufacturing idea behind ​​the Nine-Tailed Fox mech was that it exists only inside the legend. The general form of wolf-type and fox-typed mechs single tail is enough to make mech manufacturing masters study meticulously over and over, let alone putting out nine tails at once.
This kind of mech is too complicated to manufacture. The link between the nerve wires of each tail and the central system is quite the cumbersome process. If there is a slip up anywhere, the performance of the mech will be severely compromised.
Because the difficulty was too high, even Aston in those years gave up manufacturing of this kind of mech. Unexpectedly, the youngest apprentice he received 一 an Omega youth from the Undercurrent Organization, went so far as to study diligently for many years and indeed successfully made such a god-like mech!
Dave started the nine-tailed fox under the direction of Trent.
The intelligent system was activated and the soft white light was immediately lit up in the eyes of the orange mech. At the same time, whirs sounded as the nine tails behind it quickly raised up, the nine big beautiful tails almost obstructed the entirety of the lighting inside the room. The immense shadow cast on the ground made everyone marvel beneath it and even forgot to speak out any praise!
The crowd looked at the mech in much excitement. After a long silence, Trent smiled and said: "This mech was completed faster than I expected."
Aston also narrowed his eyes as he smiled and suddenly took a hard swat at Dave's disheveled head, "Not bad you stinky brat, you didn't let your Master lose any face!"
Dave excitably laughed and said: "Master, the design ideas are still mostly what you think of, this is not just my own contributions!"
Aston was even more in a cheerful mood and rubbed his little apprentice's messy hair into a lump of chicken nests, "You have been in seclusion studying this mech in the underground for many years, such important life turning events have been held up for you. Rest assured, as soon as this matter is completely dealt with, this Master will certainly find the best Alpha to marry you!"
With a bitter face, Dave grabbed his hair, "You don't have to worry about this, ah, I'd prefer to keep the mechs company, I do not want to catch sight of those Alphas. "
To the side, the Captain of the Royal Guard Squadron, Admiral Regg cannot help but wrinkle his brow. This man with dirty clothes and messy hair is actually an Omega? This is simply subverting the human aesthetic! Would anyone dare to marry him?
Ling Yu calmly turned his head around and asked: "Dave, is this mech the double S-Class from the legends?"
Speaking about the mech, Dave's eyes immediately lit up and he nodded as he said: "That's right. This mech's offensive weapons are even stronger than an S-Class, it is very difficult for one person to control. The design principle of my system is two pilots. Their mental strengths are simultaneously harmonized to the mech. One master and one partner. Respectively, the left and right hemispheres of the two men's brains will control the left and right half of the mech's body, which can immediately double the reaction speed of the mech!"
That's right, even if one is excellent on their own, the brain's reaction speed is limited, it is impossible to freely control such a complicated mech. If it is operated by two people, it would then be different. One pilot only needs to control one half of the mech's system, which not only greatly reduces the pilot's burden, but also greatly speeds up the mech's reaction time!
Only, it is not at all easy to find two pilots who are compatible and connected at a deep level with each other.
Dave is excitedly looked at Ling Yu and said: "The initial mental strength of this mech is set at 310 points. I remember that when you matched Suzaku, your mental threshold exceeded more than 350 points. Rosen's mental threshold is also about the same as you. I think, this mech, if you and Rosen can pilot it together, you will certainly be able to bring out......"
"Out of the question." Ling Yu interrupted him very bluntly, "According to your theory, to pilot a double S-Class mech, the two pilots must simultaneously be matched mentally with the mech so that they exchange each other's memories. The two people's left and right hemispheres of their brain separately control part of the system of the mech. The two must have absolute trust in each other."
Ling Yu paused, his jet-black eyes flashed a trace of slight, practically invisible loss, but quickly put on an undisturbed expression, he said with a low voice: "Together with Rosen, it is impossible to achieve this sort of...... absolute trust."
Two people piloting the mech at the same time, the left and right hemispheres of the brain connected to each other, not only must completely lack
XX
, but also have all their memories and feelings be known to each other, but to also absolutely trust each other, even handing your life to the other person, in a moment between life and death they must be able to move without the slightest hesitation, you must unconditionally believe in that person beside you to control the other half of the mech......
(
TN
: Censored for one reason or another~ Be creative.)
For Ling Yu, it really is a bit too difficult to do this.
He has been accustomed to acting independently ever since he was a child and he has solved any difficulties he has faced independently. Even in the most trying hour, the thought has never even crossed his mind have another person cover his back.
Let alone that person who once...... forcibly marked him, Rosen.
Dave looked puzzledly at Ling Yu: "If you don't try, how will you know? How are you so sure that you can't pilot the Nine-Tailed Fox with Rosen? The mental thresholds between the two of you are both very high, ah." As someone who is insensitive and only infatuated with research, Dave's judgment for the criteria of the pilots is only that they have high mental thresholds, problems such as feelings between the two are completely out of his range of consideration.
After a moment of silence, Ling Yu said: "You don't understand, this is not just a question of mental threshold."
Dave was very confused, and somewhat irritatedly grabbed his hair, "What is the problem? This mech fits with your's and Rosen's mental criteria...... Aren't you a fellow comrade-in-arms with Rosen? Before you used to lead your Legions together, why is piloting this mech together out of the question?"
Ling Yu did not reply and instead turned his head to look at Trent, "Your Majesty, are there any suitable candidates in your eyes?"
Trent thought for a moment and said: "There are two people that come to mind, but they are still too young to assume such a big responsibility as of right now...... Give it two years, wait for them to grow up. Once they are older, you can give it a try. I believe they will certainly not disappoint."
Dave was surprised as he said: "There are two people? Can there be someone with a mental threshold higher than Ling Yu?"
Trent turned his head to look at Ling Yu. Ling Yu brought his eyes and made direct eye-contact, after staring blankly for a while, he spoke in a stiff tone: "You mean......"
Trent nodded his head, "That's right, it's that child."
Ling Yu: "......"
He doesn't know whether the light being too dazzling was the cause, but Ling Yu who has always kept a calm complexion seemed to suddenly blanch white.
Dave had a puzzled expression as he said: "Child? What child, ah?"
Mr. Aston was finally at the end of his patience. He suddenly took a hard shot at his stupid apprentice's head and replied: "Higher when compared to Ling Yu and Rosen's mental thresholds, naturally, it's the descendants born after their combination. It is precisely Ling Yu and Rosen's son!"
"......oh!" Dave finally came to a realization.
Ling Yu looked at Trent and softly asked: "Have you seen him?"
Trent said with a smile: "I have. That child is better than I imagined. They took the championship title this year at the National Mech Contest. But he is still so young and his mental strength is also not very stable. When he grows up a little more, I believe he can definitely control the Nine-Tailed Fox."
Ling Yu was silent for a moment and then said: "......you arrange it then."
The crowd went around the underground factory together as it manufactured some secret weapons before leaving.
Time is too tight, Aston and Trent must return to Bayh residence as soon as possible before the conclusion of the birthday party. Fortunately, there are several exits in this underground city, one of which is in the residence of Mr. Aston, and a few are entrances to the Dead City and a palace inside the Imperial Palace.
As everyone went their separate ways, Trent suddenly called out to Ling Yu.
"Ling Yu."
Ling Yu turned his head back, "Is there something else?"
Trent walked up in front of Ling Yu, he whispered using a voice that only the two people could hear as he asked: "Don't you want to see the child?"
Ling Yu was silent for a moment before he whispered: "No need, I have to go back to the base as soon as possible. Zhou Yi told me about Xiao Yuan's situation."
Trent paused. "Then...... What about Rosen?"
Ling Yu's face suddenly became slightly rigid, he feigned an undisturbed voice and said: "Isn't it even less necessary to see him?"
Trent reluctantly said: "Are you still bothered that he forcibly marked you during that time regardless of your wishes? "
Ling Yu said calmly: "That's not it. During that kind of situation, his approach was the best choice. He saved me, I never blamed him." Ling Yu paused, "If Your Majesty has nothing else, I will go first."
As soon as Ling Yu finished speaking, he turned and quickly walked off, he walked very resolutely and determinedly.
However, the fingers at the side of his body suddenly tightened with an extreme force.
He has always been like this since he was a child, never regretting any of the things he decided. He has always been decisively blunt and never
waded in mud and water.
(
TN
: Did a sloppy job.)
But just now, when His Majesty mentioned that child, there was a sudden stab of pain in his heart.
"Dad...... Don't abandon me...... Dad......"
In his mind he suddenly flashed to a tiny four-year-old child pulling down at the bottom corner of his jacket with his soft little hands, staring at him with tears gleaming in his moist eyes and the scene of his tender voice repeatedly calling out Dad.....
Even after so many years, thinking back to that scene, the pain feels like a knife being twisted in his heart.
The pain of the separation of one's flesh and blood was a hundred more painful than he ever imagined, a thousand times even more painful than seeing that man he knew so well pressing down on himself while he was clear-headed in the top-secret cell.
Ling Yu gently closed his eyes and tightly gripped the hollow of his palms and then slowly loosened.
His expression could not be seen clearly in the darkness, but his rather uncommon light lip shade was even paler.
While taking the lift to the ground floor of Locke Castle, the distinctly handsome man had adjusted his mood and as if nothing had ever happened, he softly beckoned the replica of Black Dragon to come out.
In the pitch-black of night, the black mech suddenly rose up and went straight into the skies. Only the occasional glare of the twinkling golden eyes resembled that of a passing shooting star and cut through thousands of miles of the vast sky in a flash.
The author has something to say: Ball's mech that you are all looking forward to, the little fox has come out la!! I think orange is more in line with Ball's lively and optimistic personality~!
Those who like mech cp have another yy target! There is also the Black Dragon replica, why are the mechs so complicated with one another ah, so lousy!
Sorry, everyone for updating late today!!
Because there aren't any drafts written every day, I have to check it several times for typos before posting it, so many times I couldn't post it at 7:30 on time~
Please rest assured everyone, I will update every day! No later than 8:30!!
*
The next chapter continues on with Bubu and Snow + Prince and Lin Yuan mainline.
(
TN
: I'm not certain why she said this but next chapter is another chapter revolving around Ling Yu. The chapter after it will be about Snow and Brian. Perhaps it was a chapter that wasn't added until later on.)
Poor Snow has already been comatose for three chapters!! Those liking Snow I suppose must be cursing me...... qaq 2k novel reading network
(
TN
: Whelp I start school this Wednesday, there's that. I'm going to be trying something regarding my update schedule, but hopefully, I can get something figured out, I already have some ideas, but who knows. I don't think I ever really clearly stated this, but the new translation project I'm taking won't affect or lag behind any updates for this novel. I do it to take a break from this novel because surprisingly, I can't just sit down and mindlessly translate the same novel for days on end. So instead of sitting around and watching TV, I use that time to instead translate a bit of a different novel and get my work ethic back up for this novel. I won't be faster or slower updating this novel with this new project, I'm taking the time I'd normally laze around to translate something else and that's all there is to it. Peace~)
Chapter 053, Mysterious Youth
At the edge of the Cepheus Galaxy, Ling Yu piloted the Black Dragon replica to successfully execute the first space jump.
Looking on as the familiar planet now gradually began fading away, Ling Yu finally took in a deep breath, resisting the bitterness in his eyes, he designated a strange blue planet for the Black Dragon, softly saying, "Black Dragon, go back to the base."
Black Dragon immediately complied with a low voice, "Understood, Master."
Today, returning to Locke Castle, Ling Yu suddenly thought back to a lot of past events.
Such as those pure dreams he had when he was young, for instance, those neverending days of the fires of war on the front line in his youth.
He still remembers when he said that he wanted to take the military academy exam someone once asked him, "Are you afraid of dying on the battlefield?"
At sixteen years old he smiled and said: "Compared with straightforwardly fighting to the death on the battlefield, what's even more frightening is some kind of house arrest...... Torturing someone through that would be like a slow-acting poison right?"
That's right, he hates house arrest even more than death. He hates being under someone's control and he hates losing his freedom.
He lived his life underground from birth, that sort of damp, gloomily cold environment emits a strange smell in the air. For him, it's like a huge and suffocating cage. Only with great difficulty did he grow up and leave that lifeless underground city and saw the fresh and vivid world outside. He didn't expect to once again be locked up in another underground prison after so many years because of the exposure of his Omega identity.
In those three days in the underground prison, Ling Yu had really been thinking all along......
In the end, what did he do wrong?
Is being an Omega on the front line attacking the enemy wrong? But you Alphas and Betas are always being defeated on the battlefield, looking on as their homes' national capitals fall one after another, isn't that so? Is it wrong to have a pair of wings and wish to soar freely in the sky? Wanting to go soaring through the sky is an eagle's primordial instinct. Why do some people insist upon breaking an eagle's wings and trapping them like a canary in a cage?
— This is probably the so-called rule of this world.
Just because he is an Omega, he should not do anything, he only ever needs to be responsible for reproducing and bringing up children.
Even his most trusted Rosen after many years of being classmates and his best friend, when he learned that he was an Omega, he too immediately possessed and marked him in that secret prisoner cell, making him pregnant......
Seeing as Rosen's actions at that time were to save him, he doesn't have any reason to blame Rosen.
He had to admit that when in his moments of complete clarity from his state of unconsciousness, he looked at the familiar features of the man who had his naked self wrapped around his arms in an embrace. A trace of indescribable loss and sorrow suddenly welled up in Ling Yu's heart.
He did not know what this loss was for in the end.
Because he lost his best friend?
Because he finally went back to being an Omega?
Or maybe because...... He can't casually face Rosen anymore and the two can no longer return to the past?
In the past, they could pilot their mechs and attack the enemy side by side. They could command the two legions in tandem to win victories again and again. Making use of the spare moments when they obtained a victory to lay down on a roof and drink a few glasses of liquor, the memory of carelessly chatting about the memories of their youth during school.
The night wind blew past, tousling their hair with the starlight shining resplendently upon their heads. He remembers that Rosen's favorite thing to drink is tequila. That type of liquor tastes extremely strong. It enters like a flame, a flaming heat warming all along his throat all the way down to the bottom of his heart.
They used to be the best brothers and the best comrades-in-arms.
Ling Yu sometimes even thinks that if the person who marked him in the sealed prisoners' cell was not Rosen, would he have had an easier time?
— But of all the people, it was Rosen.
— The friend he most valued and trusted.
Today, Dave brought up: "Weren't you and Rosen once the greatest battle companions? Why is piloting this mech together out of the question?"
At that moment, Ling Yu had even felt a sharp knife cutting open his heart.
......why wouldn't it work?
Because they can't return to the past.
Because he has too many thoughts and memories that he can't let Rosen know of.
He can't let Rosen know that when he was young, as Omega carefully keeping a distance from his Alpha roommates, he was only ever unable to reject Rosen's approach. The older boy with handsome features and deep eyes had previously given him assistance and warmth more times than he could count.
He couldn't let Rosen know that when he went on the battlefield for the first time, he nearly fell into the ambush of the Federation's enemy troops due to his lack of experience. He was alone when he was nearly blown into fly ash as he piloted his mech. At that moment when he almost died, the first thing he thought of was Rosen. Thinking back to their parting, Rosen had said to him that line "take care", although they were two simple words, it nevertheless gave him the greatest courage to keep on living.
He couldn't let Rosen know that when he was promoted to the rank of Major General, those few years when he charged onwards to assault the enemy with the Dark Night Legion, each of the few spare minutes he had of leisure to talk to Rosen was the most relaxed and happy time of his entire day. Every time the Dark Night Legion was victorious, he reported the battlefield situation directly to his immediate superior, Rosen. Hearing Rosen say "good job" with his tone full of praise, filled his heart with joy right away.
— What about Omegas, Omegas can also take their men to win a victorious battle, using their own strength to defend the homeland.
His mother had passed away after she gave birth to him in that dead city. Ling Yu was an orphan as a child. After he became a soldier, he worried that his Omega identity would influence others. He had never made friends with any Alphas, almost all of his friends were Betas.
Only Rosen is special.
Rosen is the only Alpha out of all of his friends.
He and Rosen got to know each other in their youth at the age of 18, so he especially cherished this hard-won pure friendship.
However, after Rosen knew that he was an Omega, everything became different.
His most trusted comrade-in-arms who had once fought side by side countless times, after rescuing him from the prison to let him know that he was pregnant, suddenly looked at him with that kind of gentle and tender gaze as if he was a house pet, saying: "Don't worry, stay here at my side and give birth to the child."
Don't worry, stay here at my side and give birth to the child
Each word is like a clap of thunder ringing in his ears. Ling Yu did not know what he felt at that time, just that heart seemed like it was harshly tightened with a thin metal wire. The kind of contorting pain nearly made him unable to breathe.
......as it turned out, Rosen, you are also no different.
Just like those Alphas, in your hearts, an Omega only needs to be at ease and stay at your side, just having children is enough.
Ling Yu doesn't like that, Ling Yu longs for the free expanse of sky and not closely protected behind the holding cell called "Rosen's Residence".
You have known him for so many years, but just because he is an Omega, you have forgotten what he desires the most?
— It's freedom.
He was shut off in that underground city for a full 16 years. He continuously had a few familiar faces at his side in the Undercurrent Organization. Such a big castle was cold and cheerless, the skeletons of the dead were littered throughout the town. He left behind all of the memories from his childhood and his adolescence in that gloomy and damp City of the Dead.
He didn't want to stay in Rosen's residence for the rest of his life.
Lifelong house arrest is more terrible to him than death.
So Ling Yu chose to leave.
After leaving Cepheus for so long, many memories have become blurry. This time, if not for Dave finally completing the manufacturing of the Nine-Tailed Fox as well as Ling Yu's inhibitor also being nearly used up, he would not have secretly lurked back to the City of the Dead in the capital star.
The military's monitoring of the capital star is very strict. Once he comes back, he must brave great dangers. If by any chance he is discovered, all of his previous efforts would have become wasted.
So he has no other choice but to leave in a hurry, there is not even enough time to see that child.
He remembers how cute that child was in his early years. His clear jet-black eyes were as bright as the prettiest gem. That little guy really loved to laugh. He always grabbed onto his Dad's hand, calling out Dad...... Now, he only sees how his own son's life is from the photos and videos that Zhou Yi passed through. In a blink of an eye, Xiao Yuan is surprisingly already an 18-year-old boy......
Ling Yu walked up to the dashboard and faced the vast cosmos outside the porthole.
In the quiet space without a single person, the man who has always been calm and collected, could at last no longer conceal the sadness welling up in his heart, his pale fingers tightly grip the edge of the dashboard.
Black Dragon felt sorry for him and couldn't help but say : "Master, you......"
Ling Yu waved his hand and motioned for it to stop talking.
He never once regretted his decision.
But at this moment, standing alone in the vast and obscure cosmos...... He suddenly missed those two people very much.
***
At the same time, at Rosen's residence.
Rosen was sitting by the bed and looking at his sleeping son when Black Dragon's golden eyes suddenly flashed.
Rosen seemed to sense something so he turned his head. He opened the mental communication channel with Black Dragon: "What have you detected?"
Black Dragon hesitated all of a sudden, then said: "Master, I have detected abnormal movements from an S-Class mech, it seems to be leaving the Cepheus Galaxy. The other side has the induction system that only the mechs that Mr. Aston manufactured will have, it's not King Lion, it's not White Feather, and it's not Suzaku......"
Rosen slightly wrinkled his brows.
Mr. Aston has only manufactured four S-Class mechs. Apart from Black Dragon, there is Suzaku, White Feather, and King Lion. If it is not these three, then what could it even be? Could there be an additional fifth one?
Rosen blankly stared, suddenly a terrifying thought flashed through his mind......
Was it......
Looking like it guessed the same answer as its master, Black Dragon said in a low voice: "It must be that replica."
Except for Suzaku, all S-Class mechs have a replica left in the Mech Association. Once the main body is damaged, the original replica's intelligence can be taken out to recreate an identical mech. The replica has the exact same mental power and performance as the original. The difference is that the replica is like a newborn baby and has no memory or sentiment to the master, it can completely re-match to once again recognize the master.
Since Black Dragon had its main body's data processed and stored in the Mech Association, then in that case, where did the real replica go?
Ling Yu......
Rosen's face sank, he immediately stood up and said: "Black Dragon, go!"
Black Dragon understand it's master's intentions and decisively carried Rosen straight out, rushing immediately out to the Cepheus Galaxy!
Around the Cepheus Galaxy, the purely white nebulas and the twinkling stars seemed to have not changed a bit and the faint airflow fluctuations around it nevertheless made Black Dragon keenly aware of the anomaly, "Master, there was a large mech just now that executed a space jump here."
Rosen said with a cold face: "Calculate the destination of the jump at once!"
Black Dragon immediately pulled out the universe star atlas centered on the Cepheus Galaxy from its data center and quickly calculated the time and distance, finally locking on five possible target points: "From here, the space jump can only jump to five galaxies."
Cigar Galaxy, Milky Way Galaxy, Ursa Major Galaxy, Lotta Galaxy, Isville Galaxy......
Rosen looked at the star atlus that appeared in front of him and harshly frowned.
There are too many planets to count in these five large galaxies. Where would Ling Yu go? In this boundless universe, isn't it easier said than done to find a single person who is piloting an S-Class mech?
Rosen was silent for a long time, he finally took a deep breath and said in a low voice: "Go back."
Noticing its Master's dispirited mood, Black Dragon couldn't help but say: "Master......"
Rosen lightly waved his hand, "Forget it, his level of piloting mech is not worse than mine. Since he took your replica, both its speed and performance are the same as yours. We were far too late, it's simply impossible to catch up with him...... Besides, I also don't know where he'd go."
Even though this kind of conclusion was analyzed with extreme calmness, however looking on helplessly, watching as the person who he missed the most be so close to himself, Rosen felt a stab of pain in his heart.
After returning to his residence, he went to Lin Yuan's room and watched his soundly asleep son and raised the corners of his mouth into a smile. Rosen couldn't help but gently reach out and touch his son's soft black hair and swore inwardly from the bottom of his heart—
Xiao Yuan, I will definitely bring your dad back!
***
The outer edge of the Isville Galaxy.
On the holographic projection screen, the surrounding scenes of the universe are cast out in real-time. Countless meteors with their long tails in tow rapidly streak by from outside the window. Not too far away is a water-blue planet. In the vast cosmos, it is as beautiful as a brilliantly glimmering blue gem.
Planet Naomi.
This planet has an abundant energy reserve, the stored energy even exceeds the sum of all the planets put together in the Cigar Galaxy.
After going through such a long period of space flight, Ling Yu had long since adjusted his mood, he had an undisturbed expression as he piloted Black Dragon, accurately positioning the coordinates on the planet, and vertically descended in the center of a spacious and void base.
It's already very late at night, the base is just as brightly lit as it was before.
When the gigantic mech reached the ground, it produced a loud "bang" sound. After a while, the young and handsome man calmly came out from the cockpit of the mech, placing the dark blue military cap on with his hand. The silver-medal emblem on the front of his cap is like a male eagle spreading its wings as it soared through the air, this is the symbol of the Lacey Emperor's XX Department.
The row of officers standing in front of him immediately orderly saluted and said: "General!"
Ling Yu gave a slight head nod, "I left for the whole day, did anything happen on the base?"
An officer immediately relayed a report with a clear voice: "Three hours ago, enemy troops launched a sneak attack and was completely annihilated by us!"
One person next to him laughed and said: "Those dumbass sons of bitches didn't know how many secret weapons we have hidden away on our base. They actually ran right to their deaths, they were bombarded by
Laozi
into pissing their pants in terror!!"
(
TN
: Just like an arrogant way to refer to yourself.)
Ling Yu couldn't help but smile."
After staying in the army for a long time, some men just like to use vulgar language and curse profanities all day long with their mouth.
Yet this kind of environment makes him feel especially familiar.
This is his favorite place.
Although it's dangerous and full of excitement, however together with his comrade-in-arms, he feels that every day of his life is especially lively.
After some brief accounts from several officers, Ling Yu soon turned and walked back to his lounge.
The Isville Galaxy is on one of the front lines for the Empire and the Federation's year-round battle. The conditions cannot be as good as those in the capital star. The soldiers all live together in the living quarters. The junior ranking officers above the rank of major have their own separate lounges.
Although Ling Yu is a general, his style has always been frugal. His lounge is a three-room, one living room bungalow. Two bedrooms were separately occupied by two people and the other is used as a public study.
The man who lived with him was sitting on the sofa reading a book when he pushed the door open.
The man looked refined, the clothes he wore on his body is a clean, neat white shirt and the same colored casual pair of pants. In this place where the flames of war raged across the land, this kind of attire looks a bit out of place. The man looked down at the book with a very serious expression. With the faint air of a scholar on his body, it makes him exhibit a kind of unique cultured and refined temperament.
Ling Yu couldn't help but say: "It's almost dawn already, why are you still not asleep?"
The man looked up and his eyes were full of unease, "You went to the capital star, I was awfully worried, I haven't slept at all." Soon after he finished speaking, he placed the e-book in his hands down and walked over to face Ling Yu, and asked in a low voice, "Were you able to get to the City of the Dead without a hitch? Is the Nine-Tailed Fox finished?"
Ling Yu nodded and said: "Dave's level really made me feel amazed. After not seeing him for so many years, I truly didn't expect him to be able to manufacture a double S-Class mech."
The man smiled and said: "When we were young, Dave always said that if one day he leaves that dead city, he must make a mech that makes everyone bow down and worship it, but it must also only be for Omegas to pilot in order to infuriate those Alphas to death."
Recalling those pure dreams of their childhood, Ling Yu also let out a rare smile, "Dave's dream should be achieved very soon "
The man smiled and asked: "Are the pilots of the Nine-Tailed Fox chosen? If I didn't guess wrong...... It must be you with Rosen?"
As Ling Yu faced his profound smiling expression, he couldn't help but feel a trace of embarrassment flash through his eyes, avoiding his gaze, he said: "I am not with Rosen...... His Majesty has other candidates. By the way, I saw a child stealthily intrude into the Central Laboratory in the City of the Dead. "
Ling Yu changed the subject and brought out a sterile bottle filled with a few strands of hair out of his pocket and handed it over to the other man.
"That child looked to be around seventeen or eighteen years old. He ran around all by himself in the underground city with a lot of guts, he. I was worried that he found out about the secret of His Majesty so I temporarily knocked him out with neuro-anesthetic." Ling Yu paused, "Since he knows the way to enter the underground city, he should be some Omega's descendant from the Underground Organization. You can help and look up and examine his genes and check who the parents of that child are."
"The descendant of an Undercurrent Organization member?" The man's expression was a little surprised. He took the hair from Ling Yu's hand and said, "I will check it out right now."
Ling Yu nodded and said: "Let's go together."
The two walked shoulder to shoulder to the medical bay in the base. The man picked up a white overcoat from the door in passing and put on a mask and brought the sterile bottle with the hair into the laboratory. Ling Yu quickly changed clothes too and kept pace with his footsteps.
In the spacious laboratory, various advanced medical instruments reflect a soft luster under the light. The man steeps the hair in a special blue liquid and then puts it into the gene detector.
The gene detector began to rapidly analyze the gene sequence in the hair. Soon, a string of complex data appeared on the screen and the genes in the database were checked and compared in detail.
After a moment, a line of results pops up on the screen.
The target gene and a gene in the database have a match of 99.99%.
That name in the database is actually unbelievably familiar to the two —
Ling Han.
Ling Yu looked at the man beside him in shock, "Brother, he is......?"
In a flash, Ling Han's face was drained of any blood. The original cultivated and refined man seemed to have all of his strength taken away. Dazedly looking at the results on the screen, the complex and painful emotions hidden in the depths of his eyes is heart-wrenching.
After a long time, he asked in a low voice: "That child...... Is he named Snow?"
(
TN
: And yet another plot twist of the century appears lol. I'm making a comment thread right here for those who wish to be spoiled further, I just ask that it stays in this one thread or if you feel the need to start you own put spoiler warnings. If I see one that has a spoiler in plain sight I'm gonna put that delete comment button to good use~ Peace!)
Chapter 054, Snow
When Brian was finished tidying up the mech parts, he went back to the fifth floor and discovered that Caesar was nowhere to be found. He somewhat doubtfully sent a message asking him what was going on. Caesar replied saying: "There was a bit of an urgent matter that I left for." Brian wasn't going to go take care of him, he soon packed up the mech drawing plans and returned to his house.
As soon as he entered the door, a white ball of hair immediately threw itself over to him and pulled down at his trousers, crying and whimpering. Only then did Brian remember that he had been busy all day and he actually forgot to give Lil' Hobby some food. This little guy is probably starving to death.
In any case, the banquet is overly crowded with people. It doesn't matter if you bring in a house pet too. Brian walks up to a corner with Hobby in his embrace, picks his favorite cheese, and sits down to the sofa on the side to feed him.
Just as he began feeding him, the little guy in his arms suddenly shrunk back his head in fear, grabbing his pair of big ears to obstinately shelter his face.
Brian somewhat confusedly poked his ears, "Hey, what are you doing? Encounter a natural predator?"
Hobby trembled while trying to cover up his face.
Just then, a gentle and steady voice suddenly sounded on the top of his head: "Brian, is this a pet you're keeping?"
Brian suddenly looked up with a sudden realization and saw that His Majesty Trent was standing right in front of him, bearing a bit of a smile on his face. Furthermore, coming along with him to his side is his grandfather, Aston. Evidently, the two has just happened to be passing by here.
The white ball of hair in his arms shook even more terribly.
Brian hurriedly stood up and respectfully made his salutations and said: "Your Majesty, this is my classmate's pet, I am temporarily taking him with me to look after for a couple of days."
Trent reached out and lightly stroked Hobby's ears, complimenting with a low voice: "It's pretty cute."
Hobby: "..............."
Only until after His Majesty Trent turned around to leave did Hobby lift up his head trembling with fear, tearfully looking at His Majesty's retreating figure.
His Majesty didn't capture and take him back?
⁠—Didn't he clearly recognize him just now? Could he be going back to go tell the Queen to dispatch other people to catch him?
The more Hobby thought about it the sadder he became and he fearfully pulled back his head in Brian's embrace.
The party that lasted for a whole day was finally over and the guests that came left just as fast. After no more than ten minutes of the production ending, the hall that had just been clamoring with noise immediately became deserted.
Brian arranged several robots to clean the hall, holding Hobby he went back to his room, he poked its ear while he asked: "Hey, Lil' Hobby, what was up with you just now? When you saw His Majesty you were so scared, do you know him?"
Hobby hung his head, very aggrievedly on the screen wrote: "I was originally Queen Anna's pet, the Queen wanted to take me to breed a small litter...... I secretly ran away, after which I was taken in and cared for by my Owner."
Brian froze a moment and then very bluntly laughed out loud.
Hobby looked up and glared at him with his red eyes brimming with tears.
After Brian laughed to his satisfaction he then poked his belly and said, "Give birth to a small litter? That's a pretty good idea! Quickly go give birth, however many you give birth to, give them to my family with Snow to raise. Just give birth to white ones, Snow will definitely like it."
Hobby: "..............."
Hobby aggrievedly turned his head, no longer paying attention to Brian.
After Brian teased him enough, only then did he put away his smiling expression and place Hobby back in the temporarily-built nest and turn around to go to his bedroom.
When he brought up Snow, in the bottom of his heart, there was an intense longing suddenly rising from the bottom of his heart, that intense longing resembled gradually surging tides, rapidly flooding all the way throughout his entire heart.
—It's already been several days without seeing him, I don't know if Snow is doing alright or not?
After coming back to the capital star, Brian was constantly occupied preparing for the upcoming birthday party and only occasionally found the time to get in touch with Snow, but his communicator was always shut off. Brian thought he was experimenting in the laboratory and he did not go bother him for the time being.
His father, Drew, is busy with military affairs and his Dad, Berg, is also not good with these dinner parties. It can be said that for this birthday party, Brian had been concentrated on it from beginning to end. Every element of the setup, every name on the guest's list, and even every single menu had been personally looked over by him. Actually, this had also been General Drew's idea, he wanted his good-for-nothing sole son to learn from experience for a bit.
Fortunately, Brian did not let his father down. He usually laughed and joked with no seriousness, however this time he surprisingly managed it in a very proper manner. His Grandfather's birthday banquet this year is also very respectable, the place was not lacking in any manners, to say the least.
Finally, when the all-day-long birthday banquet was over, Brian immediately felt that the stone that was pressing on his heart drop to the ground, incomparably relaxing and carefree.
Sitting down on his bedside, he took out his communicator and input the number that he practically knew by heart, he wanted to have a nice chat with Snow. The spherical communicator began to spin at high speed and after a while, it sounded an "unable to connect" speech. Brian frowned and entered the number again. The result was still "unable to connect."
Brian couldn't help but wonder a bit, what is Snow doing? Why can't he get through?
When he tried calling him a few days before it was during the daytime. Switching off his communicator in the lab was justifiable. But now it is at 11 o'clock in the evening. His daily life schedule of working and resting is very regular. He should be in the dormitory at this time, right? Could he be taking a shower?
He somewhat anxiously waited for a few minutes, and once again dialed and was still unable to connect. A trace of unease suddenly rose from the bottom of Brian's heart and the thought about the circumstance of him not being able to contact him for the past few days, the uneasiness became even more enlarged like vines rapidly spreading in his heart.
Brian's face slightly sunk and switched to dialing Senior Shirley's number.
A beautiful schoolgirl soon appeared in front of him. She had just been in the living room watching TV. She immediately got up and went to the balcony after receiving the video. Her thick curls appeared extraordinarily charming as they bounced on her shoulders while walking.
Shirley faced Brian, looking at his face which seemed down in the dumps. She smiled and said: "Hey, Brian, ah. What did you call me for?"Brian then asked bluntly: "Where is Snow?"
Shirley was surprised all of a sudden, "Snow? You're not still eating our vinegar, are you? You have been together with Snow for so long. Don't tell me he didn't tell you that he was just playing pretend with me?"
Brian said in a low voice: "Cough, of course, I believe that there is nothing between you and Snow. I just want to ask my Senior Sister, how has your experiment's progress been in the past few days? Are you both staying in the lab all day? How can I keep getting in touch with him?"
Shirley stared blankly, "What progress of the experiment?"
Brian doubtfully asked: "Your graduation project is in the final stages. Isn't he experimenting together with you?"
Shirley also doubtfully said: "I went home to see my parents during my vacation. I haven't been doing experiments together with Snow, ah...... Did you misunderstand something?"
Brian suddenly froze and was silent for a moment, and then said: "It's nothing, Senior Sister, I've bothered you."
After switching off his communicator, Brian sat back on his bed, his heart is both ice-cold and mixed with a violently strong fury!
⁠—Snow actually lied to him!
What wanting to stay behind at school for a few days to do experiments during vacation, what Senior Shirley's graduation project is in the final stage and must stay behind as an assistant, these are total lies!!
The more Brian thinks about it the angrier he is.
The two of them have been together for a month, yet Snow is always mysterious and secretive, never taking the initiative to look for him, and never actively talking to him. Brian is more than happy to warmly stick himself on him and would be exceedingly happy at the smallest response from Snow. He had thought that Snow being frigid and quite emotionally passive was the cause. Now that he thinks about it......
This is not passive, it is simply not taking him seriously!
For Snow, this boyfriend called Brian is a completely dispensable existence. Not to mention seven days apart, even seventy days or seven hundred days apart, Snow wouldn't take the initiative to contact him regardless.
When he thinks of it, it makes him angry while at the same time Brian feels that there is also a bit of unspeakable grievance at the bottom of my heart......
Snow, do you really not like me even a little bit? You didn't tell me where you went nor did you want to get in touch with me at all for these past few days.
But...... I miss you so much......
Dialing his communicator several times in a row, he is still unable to connect. It was finally more than Brian could bear. He stood up and said: "Little Blue!!!"
"......here!", Little Blue who was just in hibernation mode was scared by his master's loud bellow of rage that almost caused its mind to short circuit. He hurriedly came out from the space button trembling with fear and seriously asked: "Ma-Master, what is your order?"
Brian said with a steady and collected face: "Give me the detailed coordinates of Night Snow's position!!"
"......understood!"
Back when Brian made Night Snow, although the first order issued to Night Snow was to always be loyal to it's Master, Snow, however, the appearance of unexpected circumstances couldn't be helped. He installed a location tracking system in Night Snow's body. As long as Night Snow does not actively shield the tracking, Little Blue here can locate its detailed coordinates.
Brian ordered Little Blue to immediately launch the tracking system and it quickly calculated the coordinates of Night Snow within thirty seconds.
Little Blue seriously replied: "Master, Night Snow's current coordinates are Cepheus Galaxy in the capital star, -145."
Brian's face goes slightly ridgid⁠—
He is actually in the capital star? !
Moreover, his current coordinates are even at a negative value? Is this underground??
Could someone have locked him up?!
At a single thought of the possibility that "Snow is in trouble", Brian's heart felt like it was being harshly gripped by someone! He usually places Snow at the bottommost point of his heart, there wasn't even any time left to feel hurt. If Snow is ever hurt anywhere, Brian would absolutely suffer even more pain himself than being stabbed with a knife by someone!
Brian no longer hesitated and immediately left the Bayh residence together with Little Blue.
At the door of his house, he suddenly ran across General Drew who had just seen off His Majesty. Drew saw his son hurriedly rushing out and couldn't help but frown. "Brian, where are you going in the middle of the night?"
Worried that Snow had come into trouble, Brian already quickly becoming panicked and couldn't explain it to his father for a while and only half-heartedly spoke just to get him out of the way: "I made an appointment with Caesar. It's a bit of a pressing matter so I must......"
As Brian stopped speaking he moved to leave but Drew blocked him. With a cold face, he said: "I just saw Caesar. He said that he would be going back to the hotel first and to have me to tell you he'd see you later."
When all is said and done, he was his own flesh and blood son, Brian's half-hearted attitude and obvious lies made Drew deeply frown, "It's the middle of the night and you're hurriedly rushing off, what are you doing? Get back here!"
Brian: "......"
Drew furiously said: "Little Blue!!"
Little Blue: "......"
—If Little Blue was a human being, it would have long since been frightened into having a heart attack. When this pair of father and son yelled, each one was scarier than the other.
The father and son became deadlocked right at the door when a cold and gentle voice suddenly came through from the side, "What is this?"
Brian's eyes lit up as if he had met a savior, he immediately smiled and hid behind Berg saying: "Pa, I have a bit of an urgent matter I must attend to. I have a classmate coming to the capital star. I have to go to the Space Station to pick him up. Father is blocking my path and won't let me go......"
Berg raised his eyebrows and looked over at Drew.
The anger on Drew's face vanished like smoke in thin air and he smiled and walked over to wrap a hand around his wife's shoulder. He softly said: "Cough, what are you doing out so late at night, it's too cold outside, your body also isn't good...... Quickly go back." As soon as he finished speaking he took off his coat and draped it over him.
Berg looked at Brian and asked: "Go and pick up a classmate?"
Brian hurriedly said: "This is his first time coming to the capital star, he's not familiar around here, I will pick him up and see him off to the hotel!"
Berg nodded and calmly said: "Go, but come back early."
Brian probingly looked at his father. Drew gave him a fleeting glare, "Don't return too early, fuck off!"
Brian was more than happy to fuck off and immediately piloted Little Blue away.
Only until that blue mech disappeared from his line of sight did Berg say in a soft voice: "You follow after him."
Drew became surprised all of a sudden and looked back at the man protected in his embrace, and said unconvinced: "Follow after him...... That's not necessary, right?"
Berg said seriously: "Our son's behavior these past few days is a bit strange. He said he wanted to make a healing-type mech out of the blue and he's even been preoccupied all day long. Then, in the middle of the night, he runs out saying he has to pick up a classmate without rhyme or reason. Do you really believe it?"
Drew: "......"
Berg looked at him from the side of his eyes: "Still not willing to go?"
Drew hurriedly smiled and said: "Okay okay, I'll listen to you. Quickly go back inside the house, I will go take a look."
Only then did Berg nod his head and turned around to go back inside the house.
The four-star general of the Hydra Legion, General Drew Bayh, under the command of his wife, went to tail his own son in the middle of the night.
The S-Class mech Viper was summoned and released from the space button by its master and immediately enabled its invisible anti-tracking function. It then soared up high, rising up in the air and quickly caught up with Brian.
***
Brian anxiously flew towards the coordinates as if he was on fire.
He was completely unaware that the mech of his father, Drew, was placing his two eyes on him, monitoring from a high altitude of several kilometers above his head.
Inside Little Blue's cockpit, the silver location point of Night Snow is getting closer and closer and Brian's heart also grows more and more shocked!
—What is this dead city?!
The field of nearly 100 kilometers is desolate and uninhabited, the ground is covered with weeds more than one foot high due to there being no one to care for it, all kinds of trees grow particularly thick and in a jumble too. There are also almost no air suspension traffic lanes here and there are also no decent streets on the ground. The streets are like a primitive jungle that has already been abandoned and uninhabited for a long time.
Nearby there is a very large castle, it seems to have a dead atmosphere, there is not an inkling of bright light from the entire castle...... You can only roughly see the silhouette of the castle through the moonlight and the high wall erected from the outside casts an immense shadow on the ground. Occasionally, there are crows flying overhead in the sky, making this dark lacquered castle seem even the more eerie and frightening.
Brian soon had Little Blue stop at the entrance of the castle, zooming in on the navigation map near the coordinates and the silver target point on the screen began to light up. Clearly, Night Snow is in this castle!
—Why is Snow here? What is he doing running off to this ghastly place?!
Brian wrinkled his brows and piloted Little Blue to the entrance of the sealed-off castle.
The entrance to the castle was completely sealed off and could not be entered at all. Brian ordered in a low voice: "Little Blue, look up and investigate the history of this castle."
Little Blue immediately began to check out the query and after a while, it concluded: "Master, according to the geographical location of this castle, it should be the former Locke Castle."
—Locke Castle? I have never heard of it!
Brian walked up to the dashboard and carefully looked at the information that Little Blue had transferred from its network database.
The pictures on the screen are of Locke Castle, which are more than fifty years old. Although it was not regarded as flourishing, it surprisingly appeared to be bustling with noise and excitement. According to the data, there were nearly 20,000 residents here. More than 50 years ago, a kind of virus called SAV-II spread rapidly in this castle, causing residents in the city to become infected by the virus and die within a short period of time. The originally bustling and lively place became a dreadful hell overnight.
Thanks to Locke Castle being rather far away from other cities, the virus did not spread out in a short period of time. The military feared that the virus would continue to spread so immediately after they heard about it, they sealed off the castle, cut off all communications and network links between the castle and the outside world, and cast down a large number of biological and chemical weapons to exterminate the virus from high up in the air.
Since then, the castle has been uninhabited and became a real "City of the Dead."
After such a long time passed, the castle was encompassed with overgrown weeds, trees that reached the sky, a towering city wall, and human bones piled up outside, revealing a chilly sinister forest in the dead of night.
It was more than fifty years ago, it's no wonder that Brian had never heard the name of this "Locke Castle."
—What is Snow doing here? Did he come on his own or was he snatched by someone?
The more Brian thought about it, the more worried he became, after being silent for a moment, he suddenly ordered: "Little Blue! We're going in to take a look!"
During the time he was at home these past few days, he just happened to modify Little Blue in accordance with his previous train of thought and had put an upper garnet on its body. The large wings are made of blue metal and are ordinarily retracted in its shoulders and will unfold like a wing when the flight system is started!
Little Blue has never flown before, hearing the master's order, it immediately opened its wings with excitement and rose up high in the air, it had just barely flown into the castle when it suddenly saw a large mech across and facing them, obstructing their path!
He only saw that the shape of the mech was like a Hydra, the whole body was dark green, the huge head had a pair of green that faintly flashed with strange cold light, and the myriad of scales erected on its body were like the sharpest knives. As the tail swayed back and forth, the surrounding air was brought up in a terrifying burst of a whirlwind!
—It's Viper! General Drew's personal S-Class mech!
In front of him, General Drew's face appeared full of anger on his communicator, "Go down!"
He violently shouted, not only was Little Blue scared without end and almost crashed, even Brian was frightened into startled into a jump.
His father's S-Class mech Viper actually went so far as to directly interfere with Little Blue's intelligence center by employing electromagnetic waves to forcibly invade the mech's internal communication system! Brian completely did not expect that his own father would keep behind him and follow him!
Drew looked at his son's shocked face in front of him and in a stern voice said: "Is this the place you should be at? Why haven't you fucked off yet?!"
Brian, who was used to being yelled at by his father since he was a child, remained greatly unmoved with General Drew's bellows of rage. He raised his head up and directly met his father's gaze and stubbornly said: "Don't you stop me! I need to go in and save someone, I have a friend who is still inside the castle!"
***
In the underground city of Locke Castle, Snow finally woke up.
Looking up at the harsh incandescent lamp from the top of his head, Snow couldn't tell where he was for a moment.
Night Snow's voice came from inside the space button on his chest: "Master, are you alright?"
"En...... I'm fine..."
Snow had a bit of a headache pressing against his temples. According to his physical condition, the trace of neuro-anesthetic he was given stupefied him. Recalling the scene at the time, except for the man's dark blue military boots and his cold and faint scent, he did not remember anything else.
—Who could that have been?
Snow wondered with some doubts that back then, a portion of the members in the Undercurrent Organizations was hunted down and imprisoned during the large-scale pursuit by the military, while the other portion of them secretly went into hiding. Who would return to this underground city? Would their purpose to come back also be an inhibitor?
He doesn't know how long he has been unconscious. Luckily, he hasn't been injured. It seems that person doesn't have any ill intent against him.
Snow massaged his aching head and neck then stood up and quickly went through some medicines in the large freezer from memory. He called Night Snow out and put them in its storage space and also brought some pharmaceutical equipment in passing. Then he turned and walked to the door.
When he walked to the door, he realized that the door had been locked in......
It seems that person who knocked him out must be a member of the Undercurrent. Locking in the door to prevent others from walking in was actually a kind of act of protection.
An inexplicable trace of warmth emerges in his heart.
The Undercurrent Organization had been destroyed long ago, the Omegas can only survive living in the cracks of society, they will have a very special feeling of affinity for one another.
Snow opened the door and sped walked to the lift. When he walked into the corridor, he constantly felt a little strange. This underground city undoubtedly only has three levels. Why does he always feel that there is something under his feet? Occasionally, he can even hear the sound of machinery revolving?
However, time is of the essence, it is also not good for Snow to stay here any longer. He no longer hesitates to take the lift and leave here as soon as possible.
***
Outside the city, the father and son, Brian and Drew sharply fought.
Drew blocked Brian's path and wouldn't let him enter, but Brian was dead set on breaking into the dead city. The two were stuck in a deadlock when suddenly, they saw a figure up on the side of the castle! They could only see that the person was thinly built and their movements were dexterous. He decisively leaps few times without hesitation and then jumped right onto the highest city wall, quickly going down the length of the wall and slid down, steadily landing on the ground!
The silvery-white moonlight draped over that person's body with a soft layer of light and shadow. The youth who leaped over the side of the castle was as lithe as a soaring skylark. The pale skin complexion is almost transparent under the illumination of the moonlight, and his thin lips tightly pursed together, revealing an aloofness with a touch of arrogance and indifference.
Brian: "........."
If he didn't recognize his figure and body shape at a glance, the silver space button on his chest with Night Snow, Brian would have even mistakenly thought that it was a ghost crossing over this dead city!
After a moment of being shocked, Brian no longer quarreled with his father and decisively landed on the ground, and exited out the cockpit of his mech, rushing to throw himself on Snow and hold him in his arms like a large dog, because of his worry, his voice was slightly trembling, "Yo-You are you okay?"
"........." Snow was suddenly frozen where he stood.
Just as he climbed over from inside the castle, a large pet wasted no time throw itself on him in a head-on collision. Snow was frightened and flinched. After realizing it was Brian, his complexion went to an even fainter white.
—Brian? Why is he here?
Snow still hadn't managed to respond as General Drew also landed and came out of the cockpit. He walked up to face the two, frowning slightly.
Brian perceived his father's approach and immediately turned to defensively keep Snow behind him. He smiled and said: "This is my classmate. I will take him back to the hotel first, ah. I will explain it to you later......"
Brian's intuition told him that this castle had some sort of secret, it was extremely unusual for his father to stop him from entering so resolutely.
He also doesn't know what Snow was doing coming out here. He wore a strange black attire and leather boots, and an enormous hood that completely covered his hair up. Although his manner of dressing has a sort of sexual appeal in it's suppressed sensual passion, but...... Wearing this style of dress coming out from a castle in the dead of night like this, isn't it also way too suspicious?!
Regardless of Snow's purpose for being here, Brian's first thought was to protect Snow first and foremost.
Brian pulled Snow and was about to leave, but he heard Drew sternly shouting: "Halt!"
The two simultaneously stopped in their steps, Snow's back became even stiffer in an instant.
—Was he found out? The man in front of him is wearing a military uniform, is he a military officer? Will he arrest him?
Snow's thoughts were in a whirl, there was even a layer of cold sweat on his palm.
Brian perceived the trembling fingertips of the young man to his side and immediately held his hand in comfort.
Drew's penetrating gaze focused solely on Snow and he sternly asked: "Who are you? What are you doing at Locke Castle?!"
General Drew had a straightforward temperament and was only relatively gentle and soft in front of his wife, Berg. Ordinarily in front of his Legion and his subordinates, and even in front of his own son, Brian, his whole manner was serious and upright. Brian was used to being yelled at by him since he was little to point where it no longer mattered, but Snow, he himself would hate to speak such harsh words to Snow, how could he let him yell at him like that?
Brian was very upset and at last, he couldn't help but say: "Old man! Don't you be so vicious, that behavior is out of the question, alright?! This is your daughter-in-law!!"
Snow: "........."
Drew: "........."
Snow felt that he has never been so embarrassed in his entire life.
The author has something to say: Bubu completely inherited his father's loyal dog personality, in front of his wife, wagging his tail and kissing up to them and what not is my favorite ^_^
(
TN
: Whelp I started school, hate it, what else is new, huh? I'll translate with my free period and lunch and all, but I'll still be a bit slower than I was before. Forget about all of that boring droll stuff though, Brian and Snow are finally starting to get some more action and yet another terrible first meeting of the father lmao. Old Man Drew v.s. Papa Rosen, hate to see them get in a fight lol.)
Chapter 055, The Truth
(Important Notice: Her website is back~ No need for me to post anything now sing praises!!! Also, I am a bit of a fool, Drew's mechs name is apparently not Viper, it was described as a viper. From here-on-out it will be named Razer, sorry bout that ya'll!)
- Don't you be so vicious, that behavior is out of the question, alright?! This is your daughter-in-law!
As soon as Brian said this, Snow was embarrassed without end and wished to bury himself in the ground, Drew also feels that this son has completely lost face and cannot help but firmly glare at Brian.
Brian immediately extended his hands out and tightly clasped around Snow's shoulder, using a defensive posture to hold Snow in a protective embrace.
In fact, these words that Brian said were not spoken from a momentary impulse.
Although he had been unruly from a young age, General Drew always fiercely yelled at him like this, and just now if it were not for Snow suddenly coming out of the castle, Drew would have wanted to forcibly take him away. His father's reactions just now were really way too unusual. It was as if he was trespassing some restricted area that shouldn't be entered. Brian's heart became even more uneasy making a connection between the history of this castle as well as the surrounding shady and eerily chilling atmosphere.
- Father suddenly blocking me from entering this castle so strictly, this castle is absolutely not simple!
If by chance there was really some secret pertaining to this castle, and if it is also a major secret concerning the military, then in that case, Snow just coming straight out from inside the castle like this, even wearing strange clothing from head to toe with his father's straightforward temperament, he might just immediately arrest him and take him away to be interrogated by the military!
Brian naturally would not let Snow be in such a dangerous situation, so just now, he immediately clarified the relationship between the two of them.
Even though Snow has clearly deceived him, that is their own business between the two of them. Brian clearly separated his priorities between important and unimportant. Snow hiding things from him is a bill he would settle privately. However, if others want to touch Snow, then it's absolutely impossible!
He spoke this out to his father, but in fact, it simply meant —
This person in front of you has a deep relationship with your son, if you wish to set about arresting this person, please consider your son's position first!
Sure enough, after Drew heard these words from Brian, although he was very angry, but as an elder, he was also not difficult nor made Snow feel embarrassed again. Looking at his son closely holding that youth in his embrace with his hands on his shoulder, Drew slightly knitted his brows, turning his body around he said, "Okay, bring him back and we'll put this discussion off until later."
Drew had his mech, Razer, drop its cockpit, wanting to take along the two children together.
Brian originally wanted to sneakily take Snow back to the hotel, but his father had already been a step ahead. He also couldn't win an inch and ask for a foot again and thoroughly infuriate General Drew. He had no other option than to comfortingly hold Snow's hand, softly saying: "Come on, let's go to my house."
"......" Snow's body is extremely stiff.
Facing the dark green mech, the pupil of its eyes faintly flashed a cold light, in the dark of night, it was like being attentively stared at by a viper.
It's... Razer?
Snow had once heard of this mech from his father's mouth.
He distinctly clearly remembers the characteristics of the Empire's few S-Class mechs, the most distinct characteristic of Razer is its eyes, that intimidating dark green rays of light makes people tremble from the bottom of their hearts, there are also innumerable scales turned up like daggers on its body. The light calmly stilled right there, giving off a huge sense of oppression that one could be cut into pieces by it at any time.
The man in front of him who possesses Razer is obviously the head of the Hydra Legion —
General Drew Bayh!
Snow completely didn't expect Brian's influence would surprisingly be so great.
The reason why he chose Brian as his boyfriend was simply because Brian's Alpha character is relatively better, he would not discriminate against Omegas and Betas, and he is also obsessed with studying mechs all day long. He is like a careless son of nobility, completely unlike the descendants of the high-ranking military officers. Moreover, Brian likes him very much, and he also...... he also does not dislike Brian.
The two haven't dated for a long time. They have only affirmed two or three kisses. By chance, when Brian's kisses Snow, it also doesn't feel disgusting. He had even thought that he had found an Alpha to promptly mark him at the time an unexpected situation emerges. He didn't expect to attract someone with such a powerful lineage.
General Bayh's only son......
The last thing Snow wishes to see is those Generals of the military......
Looking at the large mech in front and the man head to toe in a military uniform, Snow's hands and feet stiffen and turn ice-cold, before he had time to take the anesthesia needles in the sleeves out, he was swept by General Drew's sharp gaze, his fingers immediately trembled and he turned them back.
No, he can't be impulsive. Under this kind of circumstance, he could not take down this pair of father and son then escape without a trace.
He can only bide his time and change according to the situation. Snow eventually let out a deep sigh, feigned calmly following after Brian, together they entered inside Razer's cockpit.
***
As expected, the speed of an S-Class mech was extremely fast. After three minutes, it flew back to the center of the capital city.
He had the mech change into the shape of a suspension car and proceed to the Bayh residence. When it reached the front door of the villa, only then did Drew walk across with a cold face.
Brian took Snow and followed his father together into the living room. During the whole process, he kept holding Snow's hand tightly. Snow's fingers were ice-cold and the pale appearance of his face made him become extremely distressed, but his father's unsightly complexion also made Brian aware that today's business is undoubtedly rather complicated, so he clung to Snow's hand tightly. He was afraid that as soon as he let go, Snow would be taken away by his father.
After entering the living room, Drew turned and sat on the sofa and said to Snow: "Sit."
Brian immediately pulled Snow to the sofa to sit down. He turned and poured a cup of hot water and placed it into his hand. He moved his hand and kept it gently on his shoulder. He spoke in a soft voice: "First drink a little hot water to keep you from freezing like this."
Snow took the cup of hot water and found out that his hand had long since been cold and lost all feeling.
After drinking a few mouthfuls of hot water, his body finally felt a little warmer. His originally pale face gradually recovered a little pink color and his stiff fingers also became flexible once more. Only then did Snow open his mouth to speak: "......thank you."
Chapter 056, Mark
Snow is not only an Omega but is also a member of the Undercurrent Organization. This information made Brian especially shocked. Although he is not clear about many things in the military, he has still heard of the infamous name of the "Undercurrent Organization". This organization is composed of Omegas. The Omegas in this organization secretly inject inhibitors to identify as a Betas and are mixed into their society inside all social classes.
Back when the military wanted to thoroughly eliminate the Undercurrent Organization and arrested the then organization leader Dr. Sean and some of the Omegas, a portion of the Omegas received the news in advance to escape. This organization soon disappeared without a trace and they have not heard of them for many years.
When Brian was born, the tale about the "Undercurrent" had become a legend.
Completely outside of his expectations, Snow, whom he likes, is actually a member of the Undercurrent......
Brian's mood suddenly became unbelievably complicated.
If he takes Snow away now, then from now on, he would be harboring Snow as an accomplice. In the event that Snow's identity is exposed, he will also be jointly and severally liable. But if he doesn't take Snow away and by chance Snow's identity is found out by someone, Snow will definitely be arrested immediately by the military. The military's attitude toward the Undercurrent has never once been lenient!
Imagining the scene of Snow being handcuffed and thrown into an underground prison by the military, Brian's heart almost became distressed enough to crumble apart.
How could Snow possibly endure such a dreadful environment like an underground prison?
When you carefully think about it, the only thing he did was inject an inhibitor to conceal his identity. He is only 18 years old and was admitted to attend school as a Beta. He did not hurt anyone, he did not trouble anyone, he did not commit murder nor arson. What did he do to offend Heaven and reason,? Just because he is an Omega, he has to spend his whole life in prison? This is really too unfair to him.
— I absolutely cannot hand Snow over to the military to be punished!
Even if you clearly know that with one wrong step will very likely to be relegated to eternal damnation. However, compared to that, Brian would rather take the chance to accompany him together.
It's impossible to impartially hand over the person you like!
He inwardly resolves his determination down to the bottom of his heart, only then did Brian take a deep breath and turned to push and enter the door.
Inside the guest room, Snow was just about ready to go to sleep when he saw Brian suddenly push the door open.
Looking up and meeting Brian's complex gaze, Snow momentarily shifted away from his line of sight with a bit of a guilty conscience.
Brian took a quick look at Snow before rummaging through the wardrobe and pulling out a set of casual clothes and handed them over to him. He whispered: "Go change your clothes, I'm taking you away."
Snow suddenly froze and didn't respond, Brian just directly pulled him up, pushing him into the bathroom, and saying through the door: "Come on quickly tidy up, my dad booked the tickets, we are going back to school immediately."
As soon as Brian finished speaking, he then turned back to his own room, packed up his luggage at the fastest speed and picked up Hobby, who had just been snoring in his nest.
By the time he went back to the guest room, Snow had sure enough already changed his clothes. Brian's clothes were a bit big on Snow's body and his sleeves were a few centimeters too long. At this moment, he was sitting on the bedside and hanging his head. His soft hair fell down and covered his forehead, he wasn't able to clearly discern the expression on his face. He could only look at the pretty contours and angles of his pretty jawline and as well as the pale fingers that were lightly gripping at the bedside.
He was obviously very upset, drooping his head down made his whole body have a guarded appearance, just like a small animal in a defensive state.
— Are you worried that you will be arrested?
— Even though he assumes an air of being undisturbed, he is after all only eighteen years old. His identity being exposed would mean he would be arrested and sent to prison, wouldn't he be scared too?
Brian suddenly feels a burst of distress, he steps forward in two or three steps and gently held Snow's hand.
Snow looked up in surprise.
The boy in front of him tenderly gazed at himself, his face was ordinarily set with a joking smile, his face was now very earnest. His grip slowly and forcefully tightened around his fingers, saying one word at a time: "Don't be afraid Snow, I will take you away."
At that moment, Snow's heart trembled......
In the depths of his heart, there seemed to a kind of mood rising that could be called being "touched", that warm and gentle boy in front of him is like a tide abruptly rising, submerging people inch by inch, even warming his whole heart up.
Snow dazedly meets Brian's gaze and for a long time, he did not know what to say.
Brian no longer spoke superfluous words, he leads him along by his hand and directly turned to walk out the front door.
***
At the Bayh Residence entrance, Berg had long since been waiting there, seeing the two coming out, he subsequently handed a small space button to Snow.
Snow took it in shock, he saw Berg smile and say: "I think you need this, take it with you."
Snow didn't have time to look at it, he immediately afterward put the space button into his pocket.
Berg turned his head to face and Brian and said: "Get a move on now, there is still half an hour, don't be late."
Brian nodded and pulled Snow ahead a few steps, before once again worriedly turned his head around, "Pa, Father over there......"
Berg said faintly: "Reassured, I will handle him well."
Only then did Brian call out Little Blue and got in the mech together with Snow, leaving towards the Space Station as fast as possible.
***
Berg saw the two children off and turned back to his bedroom, Drew still hadn't woken up.
He injected Drew with a small amount of neuro-anesthetic, the effect can only last for half an hour. After half an hour, the spacecraft would have already taken off. Even if Drew had woken up he could not have gone directly on the ship to arrest people, let alone his own son with Snow still by his side. If Drew made any rash moves, he would only implicate his son, Brian.
Berg looked at the man collapsed on the ground and sudden trace of pain emerges in his heart.
When he married Drew back then, he had already been a member of the Undercurrent Organization through the introduction of Ling Yu. At that time, Drew was coming into his twenties and was still an insignificant colonel in the military.
Chapter 057, Invitation
After being marked by Brian, Snow was finally able to lay his heart to rest.
The effect of this temporary mark can be maintained for three months. Administering the mark before the Omega's official estrus can act as appeasement as well as temporarily delay the arrival of their estrus. Snow has already taken a lot of raw materials for the manufacture of inhibitors from the underground city and it would have been enough for him to make new inhibitors for three months.
The spacecraft was presently about to execute a space jump and so Brian turned back to his seat.
Snow looked up and saw that Hobby was lying on his stomach on the opposite bed, his jet-black eyes were curiously staring right at him.
Just a moment ago when they carried out the marking, both of them were a bit nervous to the extent that they ignored the existence of Hobby. Hobby had been slumbering and yawning shrunk back over there and when he was awakened, he stared at the bed on the other side and his vitality had immediately refreshed a hundredfold. He was happy to lay down on his stomach and peek from the side.
Snow glanced at it coldly, and Hobby immediately obstructed his face with his ears, pretending to see nothing.
Brian held back a smile and said: "Ignore it."
He said this as he picked Hobby up and held him in his arms. He looked up at Snow and said, "There will be a space jump soon. Sit down properly."
Snow nodded and sat down in the safety seat next to him.
During the execution of the space jump, the spacecraft will violently shake due to the influence of the surrounding airflow. That vibration is even more terrible than an earthquake. A first-timer taking a spacecraft will experience symptoms such as dizziness and nausea and all sorts of other symptoms. There are oxygen masks and body-restraint implementations in the safety seats on the spacecraft, and there are also some emergency medicines in the cabin.
After a brief jump, the spacecraft reached the Cepheus Galaxy near the vicinity of the Milky Way Galaxy.
Hobby already became confused and disoriented with his eyes seeing stars and Snow's face was also somewhat unnaturally pale. Brian immediately stepped forward and took his hand and asked, "What happened? Are you all right?"
Snow: "...... "
Brian has been very fond of Snow from the start. After the mark, their pheromones would now mutually influence one another. The strong possessiveness and the desire to protect permeated through the deepest layer of an Alpha's heart swelled up all the more. Brian was itching to hold Snow in his arms then never let go. Seeing that he was feeling ill, Brian was so extremely distressed that he immediately rushed forward to dote on him.
Snow gave him a quick look and took his hand back and faintly said: "It's nothing, go back to your seat."
"......oh." Brian sat back in his original position, but nevertheless still worriedly looked at Snow.
Snow felt his back go numb under his concerned gaze and hurriedly moved away from his line of sight. He went to bed and laid down and turned his back to him saying: "Let's sleep."
"......oh." Brian laid on the bed feeling embarrassed. His gaze, however, was still locked on Snow's back.
Snow's body is slender and well-proportioned. Looking at him laying down sideways on the bed like this with his slender waist and long legs make Brian's heart very itchy, he wishes to throw his arms tightly around his waist and hold him in his arms.
However,
hasty men don't get to eat hot tofu
, Brian also didn't want to cause a bad reaction from Snow, so he was forced to obediently lie down on the bed.
(
TN
: I've heard tofu being used with a sexual connotation, but other than that it is exactly what it sounds like. 'Good things come to those who wait' kind of deal.)
Snow lied down on the bed without an ounce of sleepiness. That being, he was bored and took out the space button that Berg had just given him and wanted to take a look at what was inside in the end.
When he opened it, Snow immediately froze in place.
⁠—He saw that inside the small space button contained a pure white bottle with its cap covered with several elegant patterns resembling blue sea waves. In addition, inside the bottle were medicinal tablets without any identifying markings.
The decorative design of blue sea waves engraved on the bottle cap, this is ⁠—
This is the Undercurrent's insignia!
This bottle originates from the Undercurrent Organization which is obviously packed with Omega pheromone inhibitors!
Brian's Dad is actually related to the Undercurrent?
No wonder he recognized his identity so fast and also immediately booked the ship tickets and had Brian take him away. Clearly, he was afraid that he would be put in a dangerous situation after the information leaked and be arrested by the military. He even very considerately gave a bottle of inhibitors to him before their departure......
Snow's mood was suddenly a bit complicated.
If he had known earlier that the space button given by his Senior from the Undercurrent contained an inhibitor, he wouldn't have needed to take the initiative to let Brian mark him.
He was worried that the time needed to manufacture the inhibitor wasn't going to be enough. Moving his neck up to Brian and letting him firmly take a bite just now was such a bold move. Only after the bite was over was it discovered that a readily available inhibitor was actually in his own hands......
Snow immediately thought he was a bit stupid.
He couldn't help but reach out and touch the mark on the nape of his neck. Just barely running his fingertips across that sensitive place made his back burst into numbness. Snow hastily shrank his hand back and took a quick glance at Brian in a complicated mood.
Brian received Snow's cold gaze and froze. He said with deep concern: "What's wrong, are you not feeling well?"
Snow continued to turn his back to Brian and closed his eyes while saying: "It's nothing, let's sleep."
Brian looked puzzledly at Snow's back.
Suddenly turning around to look back and then saying it's nothing...... Is he embarrassed?
Brian couldn't help but think that after an Omega was marked, it was normal for them to feel bashful when faced with their Alpha. After all, Snow's has a very prideful personality, and he took the initiative to get closer to let him mark him. His heart must still be touchy.
But it doesn't matter. In the future, the two of them will have many more intimate actions, such as thoroughly possessing and marking...... Like fully knotting inside of him and so forth...... There will be many opportunities, he won't be so touchy then, right?
Brian was lying on the bed, cheerfully fantasizing of a beautiful future.
***
It was an extremely eventful evening today, that night felt like it was especially long.
Chapter 058, White Roses
One of the Empire's six major legions, the Rose Legion, is a force belonging to the Shaman family. The insignia on their warships is a blooming white rose. The uniforms of the entire legion are also uniformly pure white. A rose looks as if it is beautiful, but is actually brimming with danger. This is the meaning the ancestors of the Shaman family put forth when they named the legion after it.
Lin Yuan had previously reviewed the glorious histories of each major legion of the Empire before he applied to the military academy. As a military school student, he certainly knew the well-known name of General Udir Shaman.
— One of the military powers, a general with four gold stars on his shoulder, and the current head of the Rose Legion.
It is said that he is an elegant as well as a gallant man, he has handsome looks and he has long blond hair with sky-blue azure eyes.
Although Udir is a high-ranking officer, his behavior is extremely sentimental. In regards to his studies in various plants and flowers, it is comparable to that of an expert botanist. On top of that, he hasn't yet taken a wife after so many years. He was voted in at first place for the Empire's Prime Bachelor by some gossip forums......
What makes many people confused is that the Omega Association has already repeatedly sent General Udir a variety of characters of Omegas from pure blood in recent years. All of them without exception have been rejected by him under the lines of "dislike". There are even rumors that he a very unconventional "
Celibatarian
".
(
TN
: Direct definition would be something like "One who follows single/unmarried ideology " Celibatarians is just as it sounds, one who is celibate and is against having sex and getting married. I don't think it is a common term so abusing my power to throw a TN in here!)
Lin Yuan only knows this much about General Udir.
This generalissimo suddenly sent someone to come looking for him. While Lin Yuan was shocked he was also somewhat flattered at the same time.
The man in front of him was evidently an officer of the Rose Legion, dressed in a pure white military uniform from head to toe with an elegant rose insignia on his cuff, and two silver five-pointed stars on his shoulders representing his rank of lieutenant colonel. At this moment, the strange officer was looking at himself with a serious expression.
Lin Yuan was stunned and immediately and respectfully said: "Sir, please allow me to change my clothes."
The man nodded and said: "I will wait for you at the door."
No matter what the reason is since General Udir has a matter concerning him to call upon him, as a soldier, he must obey the commands of his superiors.
Although Lin Yuan's heart was a little uneasy, he nevertheless turned and walked into the room. He changed into his neat and clean blue military uniform and straightened out his appearance in the mirror.
When he came out of the bathroom, he found that Caesar was surprisingly also rapidly changing his clothes. Lin Yuan puzzledly said: "Caesar?"
Caesar looked at Lin Yuan with a firm gaze and said: "I will accompany you."
Last time he attended the birthday banquet of Old Mr. Aston, Lin Yuan disappeared for more than ten hours before he was discovered and he was ruthlessly criticized by the Marshal. If he lets Lin Yuan go to meet with General Udir alone this time and the Marshal became aware of it, he might just immediately rip his skin off.
Moreover, Caesar also does not trust Lin Yuan to meet with Udir by himself.
If by any chance that strange man discovered that Lin Yuan is an Omega, something may happen.
Caesar walked with deliberate steps and went behind Lin Yuan and carefully examined the mark on the back of his neck.
Lin Yuan had just pasted a transparent bio-gel on that place, covering the whole imprint. But when all was said and done he pasted it by blindly feeling about, the adhesive was slightly askew. Caesar gently flattened the transparent adhesive with his fingers.
The warm fingertips slid across his neck, Lin Yuan immediately shrank back his neck, saying: "Don't touch there, it's ticklish......"
In reality, it was not ticklish. That moment when Caesar touched the indented mark, his whole body felt like it had electricity running through it. His back arches up in a strange shudder and his body gets feverish. Lin Yuan couldn't help but think — Omegas are truly inconvenient, as soon as the mark on their neck is touched, their whole body goes soft. Because of this mark, he can never become a Beta.
However, he also could not blame Caesar for this reason. After all, the situation was dire and Caesar marked him for lack of a better option.
— Caesar is still very loyal.
Caesar was entirely unaware that he had been promoted from "a pretty good roommate" to "a loyal good bro" in Lin Yuan's heart.
He helped Lin Yuan adjust the position of the adhesive plaster, the bio-gel quickly changed into the same color as the surrounding skin. Only until all traces were thoroughly obscured did Caesar take back his hand and said in a low voice: "General Udir only ordered you to go alone, if I follow right after you it will cause him to be suspicious. I will wait for you nearby in a bit." Caesar gave Lin Yuan a micro-communicator, "This is connected to White Feather's intelligence center. If something happens, immediately press it I will come in with White Feather to help you."
White Feather said excitedly: "Lin Yuan, quickly take it! I will be just outside with Master ready at all times and eager at any moment to save the both of you!"
Lin Yuan quizzically said: " ......both of us?"
White Feather said: "You and Predecessor Suzaku ah!"
Suzaku pretended to not hear anything.
Lin Yuan couldn't help but laugh and touch the dark red space button on the chest.
He felt that Caesar was excessively worrying a bit. That General Udir had honorably without using any devious means sent someone to find him, there shouldn't be any bad intentions, right? He is a student of a military academy and he has also never offended him. Is there really any problem if there's something he needs to ask?
However, Caesar and White Feather's concern still made Lin Yuan's heart feel warm. He took the communicator from his hand and carefully put it in his pocket. Lin Yuan looked up at Caesar and said earnestly: "Rest assured, I will be careful."
Caesar nodded his head and looked at Lin Yuan with a tender gaze, "Go, I will secretly follow you guys with White Feather later on. "
***
The officer waited at the hotel entrance. Seeing Lin Yuan coming out, he made an inviting gesture.
Lin Yuan smiled politely at him and followed after him on the vehicle.
What puzzled Lin Yuan was that there was no military coat of arms on the vehicle sent to pick up. Instead, it was a very new private car. The car also did not go to the military district's headquarters, but rather in the other direction to another city relatively farther away from the central city.
......where is this heading to?
As the vehicle got farther and farther away from the city, Lin Yuan's doubts were also growing larger and larger.
Chapter 059, Remembering Pieces of Memories
Lin Yuan returned to the hotel, Caesar and White Feather immediately followed back to the room on his heels, seeing Lin Yuan's expression isn't strange, only then Caesar let go of his worries. He walked up to him and asked in a low voice, "There's no issue then?"
Lin Yuan said with a smile, "It's alright, the General asked me some questions and then let me come back right away."
Caesar doubtfully asked, "What questions?"
Lin Yuan scratched his head and said with a bewildered face: "I didn't understand it too much."
He looked at the time, it was exactly 10 o'clock in the evening. His father definitely wouldn't be asleep yet. Lin Yuan used Suzaku's communicator to connect to Black Dragon.
Less than three seconds after the command was issued, Black Dragon passed the application right away. This password with the highest authority was very convenient and fast. The face of Marshal Rosen very quickly appeared in the holographic screen in front of him.
Rosen saw his son, his gaze immediately became gentle, "What's wrong Xiao Yuan?"
Lin Yuan said: "Today, General Udir suddenly ordered me to go to his private villa."
Rosen frowned slightly, "Udir? Why did he call upon you?"
"He wanted me to join his Rose Legion after graduation." Lin Yuan paused and looked at Rosen with some uneasiness. "I told him that you also sought me and I already promised you to go to the Glory Legion...... Would this cause trouble for you?"
Rosen smiled and said: "You did the right thing, let me deal with this matter. If he asks, I will tell him clearly." Rosen paused with some doubts, "Only...... with Udir's temperament, he shouldn't personally come and ask a student to join his legion. He called on you to go to his private villa, was there any other important matter?"
Father really understands Udir very well, even this can be inferred.
Lin Yuan immediately nodded and said: "That's right, he also showed me a necklace. The blue crystal pendant was engraved with a person's name on the inside. He asked me if I have ever heard of that person."
Rosen knitted his brows faintly: "Name? What was the name?"
Lin Yuan said: "The name was Ling Feng."
Rosen went silent— Ling Feng? This name is inexplicably a bit familiar, could it have some relation to Ling Yu?
Lin Yuan continued: "I think this person's name may be related to Dad, so I wanted to ask if you have heard of it?"
This father and son's minds really have telepathic powers. Rosen has not heard of this name before, but just like his son's intuition, he also thinks that Ling Feng must have a great connection with Ling Yu. This kind of ancient family name is hard to come across nowadays and the probability of it being a coincidence is too low.
Rosen said: "I haven't heard of it." Pausing, "But you can rest assured that I will fully check this matter out. As for Udir, if he ever looks for you again, you will say that you just so happened to have made an appointment with me. Try to reduce contact with him as much as possible, so as not to stir up any unnecessary trouble."
Lin Yuan nodded: "En, I got it."
Rosen then smiled, "Alright, go to bed early."
Lin Yuan smiled and said: "Goodnight Father."
Rosen's gaze inadvertently swept a quick glance to Caesar who was next to him. Caesar, who had been continuously acting as Townsperson B, immediately came forward in a respectful and venerable manner: "Goodnight Marshal."
Only then did Rosen nod with satisfaction and switch off the communicator.
Lin Yuan, was suddenly frightened into a jump when Caesar had abruptly walked over, he turned and looked back at Caesar, "You have been listening here this whole time, ah?"
Caesar nonchalantly said: "En."
Lin Yuan didn't mind Caesar listening to the side. After all, Caesar already knows everything about his origin and background. In the future while in school, Caesar will give hi lots of help to conceal it. It wouldn't matter for Caesar to also hear about this thing.
Lin Yuan asked curiously: "Caesar, about General Udir, do you know what kind of person he is?"
Caesar thought about it and leaned closer into Lin Yuan's ear and said: "I have only heard of some rumors that before Udir took over as the head of the legion, he had a major dispute with the Shaman family. He left the capital star alone. After returning, his character became elusive. As for what happened during that short period, it was estimated that only the most distinguished members inside the Shaman family know."
Lin Yuan grew even more confused from the bottom of his heart
Did Udir have a conflict with the Shaman family? Even leaving the capital star? Could it have had something to do with that Ling Feng?
After his was done taking his bath in the evening, Lin Yuan took along his strong curiosity with him lying in bed. When he thought about it, he still couldn't figure any main clues. Instead, the more he thought about it, the more his tiredness ceased to exist.
At this moment, the space button on the chest suddenly lit up, and the voice of Suzaku rung at the same time: "Master......"
Lin Yuan stared blankly for a second and immediately excitedly said: "That's right, Suzaku! I almost forgot that you have accompanied Dad for so many years, if that person is really related to Dad, you should know it, right? Have you heard of the name Ling Feng?"
Suzaku whispered: "That's right, Master, I have heard of it."
Lin Yuan's pair of eyes shone brightly and he hurriedly asked: "What kind of relationship does he have with Dad after all, ah?"
Suzaku said: "This matter is extremely important. The General has already ordered me not to tell anyone. But...... you are his own son, telling you about it should be okay....." Suzaku hesitated, then resolved its heart: "I'm only telling you and you alone, don't spill it out, don't mention it in front of anyone...... You mustn't speak of it including the Marshal, okay?"
Lin Yuan nodded immediately. " Don't worry, since Dad wants to keep it a secret, I won't tell anyone!"
Only then did Suzaku speak with confidence: "Ling Feng, he is actually the elder twin brother of General Ling Yu."
"......!!" Lin Yuan opened his eyes wide in shock, "Dad's...... Older twin brother?!"
Suzaku lightly said: "That's correct. I have never met that person. I only know that he was admitted to a medical school under a fake name in order to conceal his identity. Later he became a well-known doctor at the Imperial Central Hospital. General Ling Yu's inhibitor was given by him."
—No wonder so many people have not heard of the name Ling Feng, it turned out that he had been originally using an alias!
After all, the surname "Ling" is too rare. The name of Ling Feng is too similar to that of Ling Yu and it would be easy to attract peoples suspicion. Plus, both of them are Omega. To hide their identity, him continuously using an alias is in line with reason.
Chapter 060, Celebration
Cosmic Calendar March 9, 799, the people of the Lacey Empire finally welcome the major holiday of the 600th Anniversary Celebration.
Starting from 8:00 in the morning, the grand celebration ceremony was simultaneously broadcasted on Internet platforms and TV channels of all human-inhabited planets within the entire imperial regime.
The process of the celebration was very complicated. The royal family's memorial ceremonies take place in the early morning, the military parade in the morning, and the celebration of the people is in the afternoon. One thing after another, the atmosphere of the entire capital star was unusually lively whether it was the original residents of the capital star or tourists rushing over from other galaxies to visit the ceremony, the people's faces are full of excited smiles.
At eight o'clock in the morning, the royal family's memorial ceremony begins on time.
His Majesty's Trent's Royal Guards unhurriedly passed through the suspension car traffic lane. Today he wore the gorgeous and complex royal ceremony robe, mostly based with black and additional platinum-gold colored inlay on the trim. The tailored ceremonial robes comparatively made the tall man all the more imposing.
The process of the memorial ceremony was very long and tedious, His Majesty, Trent's face from beginning to end was nevertheless undisturbed. Step by step according to the etiquette, the music composition played by the Royal Band resounded through the clouds. When the memorial ceremony was about the end, a total of six hundred gun salutes fired off into the sky at the same time. The sharp blasting sounds fall incessantly on the ear and the dark blue sky that had looked as if it were washed clear suddenly exploded into a ball after ball of floral patterns of differing colors. The whole sky seemed to be covered by fresh flowers in a split-second!
The carousing crowd suddenly burst into an enthusiastic round of applause!
His Majesty's called out King Lion, and the dazzling platinum-gold wings unfolded from its male lion form. Under the escort of the Royal Guard, they flew directly to the large-scale viewing platform set up beforehand in the sky.
This was soon followed by the military parade and six top-notch S-Class mechs of varying colors orderly flew over from a small distance away!
The enormous purely black dragon rose up in the air, its golden eyes flashing, wherever it went spurring on a fit of ice-cold whirlwinds. Its master was the undefeated God of the Empire, the head of the Glory Legion— Marshal Rosen Bessemer.
The dark green Razer, the scales covering its whole body looked just like daggers, its green eyes coldly stared right into people, frightening people off their feet. In the cockpit is the head of the Hydra Legion— General Drew Bayh.
Silvery-white Silver Snow, like a bird made completely out of ice and frost, has the same free and easy movements as its master as it dances in the breeze. It represents for the head of the Rose Legion— General Udir Sharman.
The orange-yellow colored Shooting Star, like one of the brightest stars in the sky, crosses over like a spray of dazzling starlight. It was the head of the Star Legion— General Byron Warwick's personal mech.
The purple Comet, the fuselage made a beautiful wave shape. When it flew across the sky, it was like a beautiful purple cloud floating overhead. This is the head of the Thunder Legion—Belonging to General Auguste Orlando.
The cyan Phantom is like a shadow lurking in the dark. The mech has the strongest invisible function, it appears and disappears intermittently in front of everyone. In almost a blink of an eye, it comes to the viewing platform. The one piloting it— Admiral Ivan Stork, the head of the Phantom Legion.
King Lion, Black Dragon, Razer, Silver Snow, Flying Star, Comet, Phantom, these seven S-Class mechs are dispatched all at once, making the cheers on the scene deafening. The celebration is only held once every century, the heads of the six legions and His Majesty will pilot their mechs all at the same time. This grand occasion has been rarely seen for the past hundred years, and it is no wonder that so many people from distant galaxies had spent a lot of money to come to the capital and see the ceremony.
Lin Yuan and the others who won the championship of the Mech Contest got the tickets for the viewing area free of charge, it was also the best seating location.
Standing with his classmates in the people's viewing area, Lin Yuan looked on without blinking as one S-Class mech after another flew in front of his eyes, only until after the six mechs completely passed through did Lin Yuan finally reach a conclusion: "Black Dragon is still the coolest."
Amongst the mechs of various colors, the enormous black dragon indeed attracts the eye. When it flies in the air it has an inordinately grandeur manner, plus his own father is sitting inside, Lin Yuan naturally thinks Black Dragon is the coolest.
Caesar saw the excitement on his face and couldn't help but give a slight smile, gently throwing an arm onto his shoulder, he moved in closer towards his ear and whispered: "Indeed, the Marshal's mech is certainly the coolest." Even if his Father's mech is also pretty good, nevertheless in front of Lin Yuan, Caesar still decided to praise the Marshal more.
Sure enough, Lin Yuan was super pleased with these words and turned back to Caesar to show a smiling expression of "you are truly sensible".
At this moment, the space button on Caesar's wrist has begun shaking nonstop in dissatisfaction.
At the same time, the sound of White Feather's excited voice rung in his head: "Master, Master, I know that you only said that Black Dragon is the coolest just to please Lin Xiao Yuan. But really, in your heart, your very own mech, White Feather, is the coolest, right? If I enter the scene, I can definitely
seckill
all of the mechs, right?"
(
TN
: Chinese gaming term, usually referring to one who can kill their opponents in seconds!)
Caesar: "......"
If you enter the scene, you will definitely be seckilled by all of the mechs combined— too much talk!
***
At the same time, within the St. Romia Military Academy dormitory.
Brian and Snow are sitting on the couch watching the live broadcast of the celebration.
The mechs flew over the viewing area one after another, the host also introduced the glorious histories of each mech and its master in high spirits. Brian watched the TV while also deshelling peanuts for Snow. After taking the shell off, he put it on a plate for Snow to be able to directly take it and eat it.
Brian completely inherited his father's "man who loves his wife" style, his own Omega must be looked after very well. It's just a trivial matter to deshell for him. In the future together...... Snow won't have any need to do little things like bathing and such, Brian is happy to wash him personally.
Snow really likes to eat peanuts. Brian puts the shells onto the plate and then he takes it to directly to eat it.
Although the two did not speak, the atmosphere is actually extraordinarily warm.
At this moment, two S-Class mechs suddenly appeared on the TV, the scenes of the mechs were simultaneously played through a split-screen program. One of which was naturally incomparably familiar to Brian's eyes, it was his father's dark green Razer.
Chapter 061, Chance Encounter
March 11th came around and the St. Romia Military Academy, at last, began to officially hold classes.
The news that Lin Yuan, Caesar, and others represented the school to participate in the National Competition and won the championship rapidly spread throughout the school. The student union made a customized web page on the campus network for the competition highlights. The intricately designed Wall of Fame published all of the contestant's profiles with a video of each match that can be directly clicked to view.
As one of the very few"Betas" in the competition team, Lin Yuan suddenly became a celebrity throughout the whole school.
As early as when he won the runner-up in the school-wide competition, Lin Yuan was a little Beta monster with his name already being spread widely across the school. Now that they had watched his excellent performance in the National Competition. The Betas in school admired him even more to the point of worship.
Even though Lin Yuan does not have a tall and straight build or a strong aura like an Alpha, he is still pretty good-looking and always wears a smile on his face. It is easy for this handsome little guy with optimism like sunshine to win over the Beta schoolgirls. Early morning on campus, from time to time, some unfamiliar Beta girls took the initiative to say hello to Lin Yuan. Lin Yuan is a guy with an amiable personality too. When another party takes the initiative to speak to him, he will reply back with a smile.
Along the way, the senior sisters who coincidentally ran into them were honestly way too many.
Caesar is very upset about this, he follows Lin Yuan closely sticking behind his back. He wished he could slap a big label on Lin Yuan's forehead, "this person already has an owner" or "this is Caesar's Omega" so as to avoid those people indulging in any fantasies of Lin Yuan.
Thanks to Caesar's sharp gaze, the number of people who came to hit on Lin Yuan was significantly reduced. Lin Yuan was completely oblivious of this and was still excitedly chatting with Caesar while walking to the classroom.As soon as he entered the classroom, Baker immediately walked over with a smile and said: "The squad leader is really good! I watched the live broadcast of the competition, you are indeed too cool!"
It's been quite a while since he's seen this red-head, thick-hearted Baker. Lin Yuan feels even more close and dear, he can't help but smile and clap his shoulder. asking: "Where have you been for this ten-day vacation, ah?"
Baker scratched his head and said: "I traveled together with my parents."
Lin Yuan smiled and said: "No wonder, your arms even have tan lines."
Baker touched his chocolate-colored arm and laughed as he said: "Hey, I went to see the ocean, I was basking in the sun on the beach!"
Karl saw Lin Yuan, he then came over and said in a low voice: "Lin Yuan, go to the dormitories this afternoon after school. Your sister sent an express delivery from the StarCraft. You were not at school. Uncle Fornt asked me to sign it for you first."
Lin Yuan recalled his sister wanted to send him pastries as well as inhibitors, he hurriedly nodded and smiled saying: "Okay I got it, thank you."
As soon as Lin Yuan ran across a classmate he soon overlooked Caesar falling behind him, this is truly a bad habit.
Caesar looked at Karl and by chance came into contact with Karl's meaningful gaze.
— Don't tell me he also knows the matter of Lin Yuan being an Omega? Did his uncle, Dr.Font, tell him?
This kind of conjecture made Caesar frown in displeasure.
Karl's gentle gaze on Lin Yuan made Caesar's heart particularly disgruntled. Alphas have a very strong desire to monopolize their own Omega, they instinctively reject the approach of other Alphas. Unfortunately, Lin Yuan is a guy who is slow to the uptake. He doesn't have the slightness consciousness that he is an Omega, he's even talking and laughing with Karl......
Karl even claps his shoulder like a good bro and shakes his hand......
Caesar was eventually unable to bear it, he reaches out and tightly wraps an arm around Lin Yuan's shoulder. He took him to the inner corner of the classroom while he said in a low whisper, "Quickly go find your seat, class is starting soon."
"......oh!" Lin Yuan did not notice the abnormality. He smiled at Karl and then walked right after Caesar to the corner of the classroom.
The rules of the military academy are very strict. The seats in the classroom are all placed according to their ticket number. Lin Yuan and Caesar's student ID numbers are close together, it just so happens that they could be seated together.
At every single moment, Caesar was incomparably glad that at that time, he exploited his identity as a prince to make the headmaster swap his dorm room. Lin Yuan was not originally No. 49, but rather No. 47. He would have been in a dormitory with Karl. After the principal changed the dormitory, Lin Yuan's student number was also conveniently changed. This predestined encounter is really wonderful. Caesar didn't expect that by casually swapping like this, he unexpectedly also swapped his Omega to his side.
Turning his head back to take a quick look at Lin Yuan, Caesar's gaze could not help but become even gentler. Seeing that he couldn't adjust the screen, Caesar took the initiative to help him carefully adjust it, Lin Yuan turned and gave him a smile, saying: "Thank you, ah."
Caesar could not help but say: "You don't need to be so formal with me."
Lin Yuan gave an "Oh" and didn't mind the deep meaning behind Caesar's words. He looked down and pulled up the class timetable on the screen and looked over it attentively.
The academic program for the Command Department is very tightly organized and almost every day, there is one class after another going from morning to night.
There are many things to learn in the first year, including Military Foundations Theory, Modern Military History of the Empire, Warship Operation Theory with Real-life Combat Practice, as well as Cosmic Mechanics, Natural Sciences, and so on. Their schedules are very full. Every day from 8 am to half-past five in the afternoon, there is only one hour to eat and rest at noon.
Soon after, the class finally begins. The first class is Military History. Unlike the entrance examination when only the basic history of the Empire is tested, as a military school student, they still must master the detailed history of the Strand Federation, they must know themselves and know their enemies.
The teacher who attended the history class wore a solemn expression, and the classroom as a result was also deathly silent.
Lin Yuan was earnestly listening while he also took notes. Because his expression was too focused, he attracted the attention of the teacher at the podium. When the teacher began to call out names, the first chosen was No. 48 sat in the corner.
"Lin Yuan."
Lin Yuan stood up, "Here."
"What year did the Strand's coup d'etat take place?"
Lin Yuan's mind went blank, he really didn't know this question. He had originally only reviewed the Empire's history for the exam. He knew the Empire's history by heart, but the Federation's history is not within the scope of the examination, and he also had no time to look it over.
Chapter 062, eta Ursae Majoris
In the split second that his wrist was grabbed by that man, Ling Feng's breathing stopped, even his heart had stopped beating.
—Don't tell me he was recognized.
This kind of thought made Ling Feng's heart alarmed, trembling in fear, but it was quickly thoroughly negated by reason. In his current disguise, even his younger brother Ling Yu almost couldn't recognize him, how could Udir, who has long lost his memory recognize him.
Ling Feng adjusted his facial expression and said in a feigned undisturbed voice, "General, I've come to help you do a full-body examination."
Udir stared straight into Ling Feng's eyes and asked in a soft voice, "Have I met you before?"
Ling Feng smiled and said: "You've probably made a mistake, right? I have only been here since I started working here in the past few days. I have never seen you before."
The gentle tone and smiling eyes of the male doctor in front of him made Udir feel a very strange sense of familiarity. His distinct respect and alienation in his tone, made Udir displeasedly wrinkle his brows.
You,
General...... he feels these forms of address indescribably sound extremely ear-piercing.
(
TN
: This whole time he has been referring to him with either the polite form of you, or as his rank. Big R.I.P. bro.)
The fingers holding his wrist were gently tightened, and Udir asked in a low voice: "What is your name?"
Ling Feng calmly said: "Charley."
Udir knitted his brow even more tightly— Charley? Why does he feel that this man should not be called Charley? What should his name be? Where has he met him in the end? The more Udir thinks, the more his headache grows, but he cannot come to the reason why.
Ling Feng feigned being calm on the surface, but there was a layer of cold sweat on the palm of his hand.
Udir's breath brushed against his face, and the wrist in his hold was nearly about to be scalded by his body heat.
After all, to those who have previously completely marked themselves, it's very easy for each other's pheromones to affect one another, that is, even if he uses inhibitors for temporary suppression, the pounding of his heart is nevertheless too hard to ignore.
Such a familiar scene was projected in his eyes, it made Ling Feng feel a stabbing pain burst from the bottom of his heart, Udir's doubtful and probing eyes are as sharp as a knife, plunging straight into the softest part of his heart, instantly piercing a thousand gaping holes into his heart where he had originally built up a solid wall of defense.
The person I once loved dearly has long since been unable to remember me......
In the moment of their reunion, the scene of holding his hand and asking "have I met you before" looks especially even more ridiculous.
Ling Feng forcibly maintained his undisturbed face and repeated in a neutral tone: "General, please cooperate, I will give you a full-body examination."
Udir lowered his head and saw that the white skin on the man's wrist was pinched red. Hurriedly retrieving his hand back, a part of his heart is inexplicably distressed, an impulse to help him massage his wrist and spread out a flurry of love bites emerged.
It's probably because of the fever that Udir's mind was in chaos. He simply couldn't calmly think about it. He could only lie down on the bed for the time being and let the doctor who caused his mood to fluctuate to do a detailed examination.
Ling Feng finally breathed a sigh of relief and put on a stethoscope to check on his lungs and heart.
He gently untied his white bathrobe and accidentally caught sight of the blue necklace he wore on his chest, the sky-like crystal clear pendant is engraved with an incomparably familiar name —Ling Feng.
Ling Feng's back abruptly went stiff, his fingers even unconsciously began to slightly tremble.
This necklace...... He actually still kept it?
In his ear, he heard Dr. Will's urging voice: "Charley, get a move on the examination, I have the blood serum results already here."
"......en." Ling Feng took a deep breath, adjusted his mood and began to give Udir a comprehensive physical examination.
Ling Feng used his hands to apply light pressure on his chest and abdomen and quietly asked: "Does it hurt here?"
Udir: "......no pain."
"What about here?"
"......a little bit."
Ling Feng completely entered into his professional doctor mode, trying to calmly give his patient a physical examination.
Udir from start to finish had been unable to take his eyes off him.
As a doctor, using his hand to palpitate the patient's body is the most basic method of examination. Udir has always hated physical contact with people. But oddly enough, he didn't feel the slightest bit disgust from being touched by the man in front of him.
The man's fingers are very slender, and there is a thin layer of callus on his fingertips. When they slid across his skin, it leaves a trail of warmth, it was like using feathers to gently tickle the bottommost tip of his heart.
This kind of familiar tenderness even made Udir feel addicted to it.
It seems that in distant memory, there had also been a similar scene before. This pair of clear jet-black eyes attentively watch him, his soft voice in his ear also makes his heart itch—
"Udir, where do you feel unwell?"
"I have such a terrible stomachache that I haven't been able to eat anything for the past few days."
"But according to the results of my examination, your stomach has no problems whatsoever."
"......is that so? "
It is."
"Oh. Actually, I feigned an illness on purpose because I wanted to see you."
"......"
Udir saw himself from many years ago, lying down on a spotlessly white hospital bed, grabbing that doctor's hand, and brazenly bothering him into giving himself an examination. This young doctor had obviously never seen such a shameless patient before. Being bothered made him flushed with anger, yet also utterly helpless.
The doctor's character is very good, his eyes are always so gentle, his face also always has a smile. It seems no matter how he provokes him, he won't get angry. In particular, his attitude toward treating a patient is very considerate and tender.
Such a gentle person can not help but want to get close to him and even want to steal him away.
On the surface, he becomes a very good person. In the depths of his heart, however, rises an even more despicable and crazy notion—
He wants to overwhelm this cultured and refined man in bed and ruthlessly embrace him all night, doing him until he cries, begging him for mercy, with only himself left in his world, watching the expression on his face crumble and be overtaken by lust— that must be an even more moving expression than his smile.
Chapter 063, Childhood
Dad, once I grow up, can I attend the school at the eta Ursae Majoris Starfield that you speak of? I also want to be like you and become a really good doctor......"
The soft and immature voice of the child reverberated in his ears, just as vivid as if it had happened yesterday.
When he was very young, he lived with his Dad for a time in the "City of the Dead."
He can still remember the perpetual dampness in the air of the underground city. In the vast underground city, it only housed a few old people who were in the Undercurrent and the pair of father and son. His Dad would tell him about all kinds of ancient legends, the name of the eta Ursae Majoris has always been deeply marked in the bottom of his heart— because he knows that Dad had previously attended the best military medical school on the eta Ursae Majoris Star.
Snow's favorite thing when he was a child was to listen to him tell various stories in his Dad's arms.
Ling Feng's voice is very gentle and the stories he tells are particularly pleasant to hear. Snow in his arms, listening to him telling all kinds of ancient legends, makes him feel that his heart is particularly at peace and happy.
He did not have any playmates in his childhood, only his Dad and a close relative.
To the little Snow, Dad is his sky, his whole world.
These serene and peaceful days lasted for nearly half a year.
This Locke Castle, known as the "City of the Dead", has been isolated from the outside world for many years. Many of the originally stored foods have already expired. In addition to the polluted air in Locke Castle, Snow is still a child and his resistance is poor. There was simply no way to continue living here for the long term. Ling Feng was helpless with lack of a better option and once again had to return to Planet Oman with his son.
Probably because of the severe twists and turns during his pregnancy, when he gave birth to Snow there was a problem with his heart that he couldn't repair, conducting a heart transplant was necessary. Ling Feng took his son to the home of his best friend from University— Dr. Wald. Wald has an independent laboratory in Planet Oman, which suitable for Ling Feng to take care of his son.
Snow's childhood memories are memories of running around with his Dad all over the place.
Snow and his Dad are mutually dependent for life. Plus, his health wasn't good from a young age. At only five years old, he is very intelligent. He obeyed whatever his Dad said. Compared to the naughty children at his same age, the well-behaved Snow is simply not like a five-year-old boy.
He was far too obedient. Therefore, when Ling Feng abruptly took him to Dr. Wald's secret laboratory and put him into a cryostasis pod to be put in a deep-freeze, he was also without a doubt, laying there extremely well-behaved and obedient. He even consoled his sad-faced Dad saying: "It's alright Dad, I'm only going to be sleeping......"
This cryostasis pod is usually only used for patients with multiple organ failure, it can temporarily freeze the human body, it is reliant on in vitro nutrient fluid to sustain life. Snow's heart is failing more and more with each passing day, the frequency of his heartbeats is slowing down enough to scare him witless. It seems as if it could stop beating at any moment and he may not make it without a transplant surgery.
This was why Ling Feng so callously froze his son, extracting cells from him to begin to cultivate an organ.
This kind of extremely troublesome method for cultivating organs is the same as cloning a human. If you are not careful when cultivating organs, it may be unable to be transplanted due to various defects. Young Snow didn't understand this. He only knew to obediently be fast asleep in the cryostasis pod and knew nothing at all about the outside world.
When Dr. Wald finally gave him the heart transplant and awakened him, the time had already quietly slipped away to be a whole five years.
When Snow woke up, he didn't even know where he was. Long-term freezing made almost all of the muscles in his entire body atrophied, he was all skin and bones. His body was still that of a five-year-old child, but his actual age should be ten years old. It was as if he had been completely removed from these five years of his life, leaving only a blank.
He also never saw his Dad again.
According to what Dr. Ward said, a lot of things happened while he was fast asleep. General Ling Yu was expelled from the military registry. The secret of the Undercurrent Organization was exposed. The military executed a
carpet search
to hunt down Undercurrent members. Dad in order to seek asylum, left here for the time being. He doesn't know where.
(
TN
: It's a military technique for searching, it involves a lot of manpower and resources so it's not commonly used. It's when they need to trace a person (or people) but they don't know where they are but know the general area, so they block off the area in different sections and search them all one by one in a certain order.)
Snow listened in a daze and his sluggish brain struggled to digest the grievous news that he couldn't yet handle.
Probably because he was frozen for so long, hearing that his Dad was missing, he quickly forgot the feeling of shedding tears.
From that day on, Wald took Snow as his adopted son and told any outsiders that Snow was an orphan he had picked up after having lost both of his parents. He is five years old this year.
He secretly injected Snow with inhibitors, allowing Snow to grow up as a Beta.
However, the five-year-old child is becoming more and more silent. He does not like to make friends, does not like to talk, and his habitual sleeping position is curled up into a ball, just as he once curled up in that tiny cryostasis pod.
***
The reappearance of those words "eta Ursae Majoris Star" is like tearing open a huge crack from the bottom of Snow's heart.
Those distant childhood memories violently surged forth in an instant like a tidal wave. The ice-cold feeling of lying in the cryostasis pod slowly crawled up the back of the spine and to his brain, all the blood throughout his body seemed to freeze.
Snow stood there stiffly and looked up at that unfamiliar man.
The man's appearance looked very ordinary, but he has a pair of pitch-black and extremely bright eyes. Meeting his gaze, Snow's heart can not help but faintly tremble— those eyes, the countless times they have appeared in his dreams, look so similar to that gentle and soft man in his memories.
As if to prove his suspicions, before the man left the specimen showroom, he also deliberately gave a quick look back at him.
Snow no longer hesitated, immediately stood up and said: "Teacher. I am a little uncomfortable, I am going to the bathroom."
Today's teacher has a very good temperament, seeing Snow's pale complexion, he hurriedly nodded and said: "Quickly go, If it's serious then let me know, I will take you to a doctor."
Snow nodded and sped-walked out of the showroom.
When he went out, he saw that the man was waiting for him at the end of the corridor as expected.
The two looked at each other standing on the opposite ends of the long corridor, and no one opened their mouth to speak, but that familiar feeling still let them recognize each other in the very first moments.
Chapter 064. Family
In Brian's mind, Snow is always so coldly indifferent, he comes and goes alone, hates talking and hates smiling even more. He seems like he doesn't care about anything at all and he doesn't take anyone seriously. However, at this moment, this young man who came back alone on this cold night, even bringing along the slight chilliness of the night's wind with him, he was now holding onto him like he was his last hope, leaning closely into his arms.
Brian was keenly aware that Snow was a little unusual tonight. He was pale and his whole body was ice-cold, just like he was fished out of a freezer. It seemed that even his blood was rapidly freezing.
Looking at the youth's face buried in his chest, Brian was so distressed that he immediately and gently reached out and carefully stroked his hair, he asked softly: "What happened to you? If you encounter any difficult situations, you can tell me. I will help you think of a way......"
Snow lightly shook his head, tightened his arms, and leaned his entire body into Brian's arms, feeling the warmth pouring off his chest, he said in a low voice: "Don't talk, let me hold you for a moment."
Snow took the initiative to suggest "let me hold you for a moment", Brian was overwhelmed from such favor, he froze in place and had no idea where to place his limbs.
Snow didn't come back all night and his communicator wouldn't even connect. Brian sat in the living room and waited for most of the night. He didn't expect that once Snow came back, he would unexpectedly take the initiative to enter a hug......
Brian stood there being held tightly by Snow, feeling that he was really...... Worth everything.
The urge to protect this person suddenly swelled throughout his whole chest.
Brian no longer hesitated and immediately hugged Snow tightly, Snow requested "don't talk", and so Brian no longer spoke, just using his actions to express his distress and concern.
Brian stroked his back with his fingers over and over again, using his body to slowly enclose the cold as ice Snow in heat.
The feeling of being caressed was very comfortable......
Snow couldn't help but relax and lightly close his eyes.
When he was a child, he liked to be in his Dad's arms. Dad always stroked his head like this and patted his back so that he could fall asleep with peace of mind. Later after his Dad left. He had been alone for many years. When he slept, he was always used to curling up and wrapping himself tightly with a quilt. Now, he actually feels this long-lost warmth again, the warmth coming off of Brian.
In the past, he always waited for his father to come home, he waited for his Dad, he waited for Uncle Wald, waiting for them to come while in reality, they left without even saying goodbye.
Only Brian will wait for him to come back.
Because Brian waits so stubbornly for him, he doesn't want to leave.
Before he when he was too young, he was always powerless towards those people who left. Now all grown up, in this seldom felt warmth...... He wants to carefully cherish it and he wants to hold it closely in his hands.
***
Udir had a very long dream.
In the dream of a vast expanse of the whiteness of snow, the whole world is covered with silver and wrapped in white. The weather is very cold, but the bottom of his heart is nevertheless incomparably warm.
He lives in a small villa that seems to be in a remote small-town far away from the city. There are not many residents around and it is unusually quiet.
In this vague dreamland, there was a man in the kitchen currently tying up an apron while simmering soup. The strong scent of the fragrance permeated the air throughout the whole house. He saw himself step forward and he gently hugs the man's waist from behind, resting his chin on the man's shoulder, he said in a low voice: "What are you making that's so delicious? Let me help you......"
The man smiled and said: "You'd be more of a hindrance than a help, go out and wait."
Udir ruthlessly holds him tightly, his scorching lips kiss up to his neck.
The man's neck is fair and slender, and there is a distinctive bite-mark on the back. In this dream, that light pink mark is extremely vivid. Udir saw himself open his mouth and gently bit down at that place with his teeth. The man in his arms suddenly trembled and his body was immediately stretched taut. Udir gave a slight smile, and naughtily loosened his bathrobe with a single hand and reached in.
"Oh...... Don't......" The tone of the man's lowered voice sounds especially erotic, and each word provokes the desire in the deepest part of his body. Udir narrowed his eyes and brazenly slid his pants down and reached for the sensitive part of his lower body.
Just as they were going to be intimate, a young and tender voice abruptly sounded in his ear—
"Dad, I'm so hungry...... Are you still not done making the soup?"
The man's face suddenly went red, and the soup that was being cooked in the earthenware pot was immediately overturned. A large amount of soup splashed out in an instant. Udir was sharp-sighted and deft, he reached out and drew him over in a protective embrace. The scalding soup was all poured onto his wrist.
Udir abruptly woke up with a start from this dream.
The scene in his dream was genuinely so realistic that he could even clearly feel the scalding pain of being burnt on his wrist.
The faint scent of shower gel on the man's body, that pair of dark eyes full of worry, his gentle voice as he nervously asked"You're okay, right", the child who was scared into hiding and then peeking from behind the door, as well as the kitchen being completely sprayed by the spilled soup......
That kind of similar smell of "home", even made the rims of Udir's eyes burst into heat.
Lowering his head down to look at his left hand, there is indeed a burn mark on his wrist. It is ages-old and has long since already grown new skin, leaving only a light scar. In fact, with current medical technology, it can completely get rid of this scar, but Udir is reluctant to part with it. For him, any marks on his body may represent an extremely precious memory......
He didn't expect that with yesterday's fever, it would unexpectedly put him in a dream where he even recalled a few past events.
Recently, he has frequently been having all kinds of strange dreams, but Udir feels— maybe they aren't dreams at all, but rather a memory that has occurred in reality! The memories that he had lost are gradually being recovered through dreams.
Thinking of this, Udir couldn't help but think of the doctor who came to see him this afternoon.
The doctor looks ordinary but has a pair of extremely dark eyes that shine, in a way they were very similar...... To that man in his dream......
Udir massaged his aching temple, sitting up and feeling thirsty, he looked around to find a glass of water placed close-by on the bedside table—
Did that doctor leave it behind?
He has not experienced this kind of feeling of being taken care of in his life for so many years. The gentleness of that man made him want to draw him into his arms, want to possess, want to endlessly dominate him, never letting him go...... Could the doctor named Charley be related to the man in his dreams? Why did he have such a strong sense of familiarity when he saw him?
Chapter 065. Ling Feng
Udir's trusted aide expertly gathered intelligence after receiving Udir's order. Within a short 3 hours of researching this person "Charley", all information on Charley was brought out— At 18-years-old he lost both of his birth parents, and then went to a medical school on Planet Oman. He attended a very ordinary medical school on Planet Oman. His performance was average. After graduation, he worked at a private hospital on Planet Oman for a few years. It wasn't too long before the hospital closed down due to ill-management. Charley soon after came to the Po Military Star alone and became a physician in the General Hospital of the Military District.
This resume does not seem to have anything questionable at all. It is nothing but the experience of an ordinary doctor. If you swapped it with someone else, it would also not be questioned if you investigated it here.
But Udir always feels it wasn't quite suitable.
He had a strange intuition. He felt that the man should not be called Charley, should not look like that, should not be so ordinary......
Looking at the details passed on by his trusted aide, Udir frowned slightly and replied: "Provide me with some more front-view photos of Charley."
The information was sent out, in addition to Charley's photo ID at the time of his graduation, others are some profile photos of him working and his life, often wearing surgical masks, making it hard to see his facial features clearly.
Udir sent out these messages, and it didn't take long for the other party to find a clear front-view photo of Dr. Charley.
—The man in the photo is completely ordinary. There was not a single distinguishing feature if he was mixed into a mass of people. A pair of jet-black eyes with a hint of a smile, the expression on his face is also relaxed and easygoing. At first glance, this is a kind of person with a very good temperament.
Udir however frowned.
These eyes......
Although he had a high fever yesterday, he clearly remembered that man's eyes.
That man had a pair of clear jet-black eyes, those beautiful eyeballs were just like the purest of gems. He even had an urge appear to reach out his hands to touch those eyes as they quietly gaze upon him.
Even though the man's eyes in the photo in front of his were also black, there wasn't any feeling of his heart being plucked like a bowstring.
The appearance of the two are actually completely similar, but the eyes have no resemblance at all...... It was those eyes that betrayed him.
Udir raised the corners of his mouth slightly and dialed the communicator of his trusted aide. He said in a low voice: "No need to check, he is not Charley at all."
Their temperaments are so different, but the information is not flawed. The only explanation is "impersonation."
That male doctor from yesterday clearly impersonated Charley to come hold a post at Po Military Star. There is simply no way to find out where the real Charley is now or who that man is. This handful of information is practically seamless, if it was not for Udir's indescribable feeling of familiarity with him, it would have been really difficult to unmask this false disguise.
Thinking back to that man's gaze, movements, and voice, that sort of strange familiarity once again was fostered at the bottom of his heart
—He must have seen him somewhere, he must be related to those lost memories.
Udir knit his brows and no longer hesitated, he silently memorized "Charley's" address on Po Military Star from the investigation in his heart.
***
The first day of training the Rose Legion ended pretty smoothly. Udir allowed the officers and soldiers to each to go back to rest and he also returned to the VIP suite of the Military District's Reception Area alone.
Just before the night was about to stain the sky, he called out his personal mech Silver Snow and flew directly out of the porthole on the roof.
The doubtful points in his heart grow greater and greater in number, making it so that he is eagerly thinking of going in person to see Charley's whole face.
As the moment comes when he arrives at Dr. Charley's rented residence, Udir lightly rang the doorbell and said with a refined and courteous smile: "Excuse me, may I ask if Dr. Charley is home?"
Ling Feng absolutely did not expect Udir to suddenly come right to his door.
The moment he saw Udir on the screen, his mind went blank, and he froze in place without the slightest clue as to what the right thing to do was.
Lin Yuan and Snow saw Ling Feng standing at the doorway with his whole body rigid and finally noticed something was wrong. When they looked at each other, Snow couldn't help but ask: "Dad, is someone looking for you outside?"
With this, Ling Feng's soul came back to his body, and he feigned a calm smile and said: "......my colleague is calling me about a small matter, you guys leave the room in advance."
He brought Lin Yuan and Snow to the study room, looked for two e-books to give to the two, and closed the door tightly in passing. He hurriedly tidied up the living room and once again put on that mask layer on, then turned to the entrance and glanced at the monitoring screen at the door—
Udir still stood outside, the expression on his face was very calm and unhurried, he was very patient.
He seemed to sense Ling Feng's approach, he smiled very gracefully towards the direction of the security camera and said, "I just heard the sound of your footsteps. The soundproofing quality of the apartment you rented is not very good...... Don't pretend that there is no one home. Quickly open up the door Charley."
The man's smiling eyes clearly had a hint of "reading the other party's mind and teasing".
Ling Feng could not help but stare blankly.
He really wants to pretend that there is no one at home, but he knows that he simply cannot hide from Udir like this.
Back then when he first met Udir, he was always so thick-faced and thinking up of every possible trick in the book to molest him. Ling Feng was so annoyed by this that he couldn't wait to wrap up that incomparably elegant and graceful man with a nasty heart and throw him out, but Udir consciously entirely ignored any excuses and bothered Ling Yu. It seemed as if Udir was also fond of Ling Feng's exceedingly both embarrassed and helpless facial expressions.
Seeing the man's familiar handsome face only separated by the screen, Ling Feng found that he was actually still nervous.
After so many years, he originally thought he had long since forgotten those past memories, but the result was that he buried those memories as the most precious memories deep in the bottom of his heart. At this moment, with the appearance of Udir, those memories gradually poured out, his chest was heavy like it was weighed down by a boulder, and even simple breathes became extremely difficult.
There was still no response in the house. Udir very patiently pressed the doorbell. "Doctor Charley, please open the door. I have something I need you for."
Ling Feng finally braced himself and opened the door, saying with an undisturbed expression: "General, what are you looking for me for?"
The complexion of the man in front of him is somewhat unnaturally pale, his eyes are cold, and the implication of rejection is very obvious. Udir looked at him over carefully, and the urge to get close to him in sprung up at the bottom of his heart again.
Chapter 066, Reappearance of Memories
Hearing Udir's voice hoarsely calling out his name over and over again, the rims of Ling Feng's eyes burst into heat. Udir's powerful embrace and his tender gaze mad Ling Feng unable to harden his heart to push him away. He could only stiffly allow him to hug him.
The hug lasted for a long time, only the sound of each other's breaths was left in their ears.
The temperature of the man named Ling Feng in his arms, the fragrance of shower gel, his soft black hair that his fingertips slid through, and that pair of clear eyes— everything is incomparably familiar, familiar enough to make him almost want to break down in tears.
The appearance of this person has finally filled in the blanks of his heart over the past many years.
Unfortunately, Udir can't remember those pasts— what kind of past they had between them, how much he once loved him.
These precious memories have been deliberately erased by someone.
Udir let go of Ling Feng and somewhat distressedly strokes the man's hair. He looks at him with a gentle gaze and asks in a soft voice: "Ling Feng, I don't remember what happened before, do you know what happened in those years?"
Ling Feng blankly stared and moved his line of sight away. He spoke in a feigned undisturbed voice: "I only know that someone made you undergo memory removal surgery."
Udir frowned slightly, "Memory removal surgery?"
Ling Feng nodded, "This surgery can remove a portion of the memories in the brain without causing any damage to the brain."
Udir fell silent. Obviously, this so-called "memory removal surgery" has to be connected to that group of "elders" in the Shaman family. Over the years, as he refused the Omegas they introduced, each time he mentioned "the person in his memory", their faces would become very strange, probably because of having a guilty conscience then?
Udir's gaze slightly sunk, he looked down at Ling Feng and said: "Can I take back those memories?"
Ling Feng looked over his head, he didn't know what to say.
Udir placed his hand on his shoulder and looked at him earnestly. He said softly but firmly: "Do you know? I've never had a day of peaceful sleep these past years, your shadow always appears in my dreams, but I couldn't see your appearance clearly at all. As far as I'm concerned...... For me, these memories are very important, I can't just lose them...... I don't want to forget everything about you, I can't forget."
The gentleness and the strong affection in the man's eyes, made Ling Feng's heart suddenly tremble.
He thought that Udir had already completely forgotten the past and had started a brand new life, but he did not expect that he had never once let go over these past years. Even if someone wiped his memories clean, he would still cling on, looking for those pasts in his dreams.
With only a necklace with a name inscribed and some vague dreams, he actually searched for so many years......
The man's extreme stubbornness is truly shocking and distressing.
Udir saw the somewhat swayed expression of Ling Feng, and hurriedly said softly: "Tell me, please? Tell me how to recover my memory."
Ling Feng was silent for a very long time before he whispered: "I know of a way, but...... this kind of method carries a big risk."
Udir said decisively: "It doesn't matter, I'll listen to whatever you have to say."
Ling Feng opened his mouth to speak: "You need to find neurosurgery expert to do a craniotomy, then conduct the most direct electrical stimulation to the cerebral cortex, if there is a deviation in the operation, it would very highly likely damage your brain, at worst, it will even make you enter a vegetative state."
Udir smiled, " I got it. "
Seeing Udir turning around to leave, Ling Feng quickly stopped him: "You want to go through with that surgery? It's no good, this is too risky...... "
Udir stopped in his steps and looking at him deeply, "Compared with forgetting you, I can wholeheartedly take this kind of risk." After he finished speaking he looked down towards his lower body then slightly pressed a kiss to Ling Feng's forehead and whispered: "Wait for me to come back."
—Wait for the past Udir to return to your side in full health.
Udir left Ling Feng's residence and called four of his most trustworthy subordinates to come here and keep watch. He was also very "considerately" helped Dr. Charley ask to take two days off from the Military District's Hospital.
Even though his mouth said "wait for me to come back", would Ling Feng wait for him to come back? He may be undecided in his heart.
He can't let Ling Feng sneak away.
When he remembers everything, he hoped for Ling Feng to be the first thing he sees.
***
Udir returned to the Military Reception Office and immediately contacted a trusted friend and had him rush over that very night.
Dr. Kent, an expert in neurosurgery at the Imperial Central Hospital, immediately set off after receiving an urgent confidential message from General Udir. He piloted his mech into two consecutive space jumps and arrived at Po Military Star at 8 o'clock the very next morning.
Udir pretended to be seriously ill from not being acclimated to the environment and had the Deputy Commander of the Legion continue to supervise today's training. He went to the operating room of a private hospital by himself and secretly met with Dr. Kent.
After Kent saw him, he couldn't help but smile and mockingly say: "Udir, not being acclimatized to the environment when coming to Po Military Star for your first time and falling seriously ill every day, isn't your body a bit too delicate?"
Udir said with a serious expression: "I am malingering, I just want to keep the informats that my grandfather has spread around me in the dark. I called you over this time because I want you to secretly perform a craniotomy on me and help me retrieve my lost memories."
Kent said in shock: "Retrieve memories?"
Udir nodded, "I have consulted several doctors before and they all told me that the memories that were wiped out could not be brought back again. I believed it back then, but now it seems that those people should have been ordered by my grandfather to deliberately lie to me." Udir frowned slightly and his eyes also became deeper, "Kent, you tell me the truth, this kind of memory loss that was removed by man, can you recover it?"
Kent hesitated for a moment and said in a low voice: "In theory, you can."
Udir immediately raised his head and looked at him, "Tell me."
*
Kent explained carefully: "The principle of human memories is the connections of neurons between each other. The center of memories is similar to an information network composed of a large number of neurons. The hippocampus is the hub, and the cerebral cortex is the storage warehouse. The memory removal surgery obstructs a portion of the neuron transmission channel and leads to the inability to read the memory data as it normally would. Your cerebral cortex—that is the memory storage unit—has not been seriously damaged, and those memories still exist. As long as the cerebral cortex is stimulated, it will completely open the data information channel and those memories should reappear."
Chapter 067. Loved Ones
In those days, Old General Crist's body became seriously ill, he was unable to continue leading the Legion. The Rose Legion urgently needed to find a successor, but looking at the whole Shaman Family, Udir is undoubtedly the greatest talent. The S-Class mech developed by the Shaman Family's mech-making masters has already been completely manufactured. Out of the entire family, Udir is also the only one whose mental threshold can manage to pilot that mech
The younger generation of the family was fading away. As the head family member at the time, Crist had to make a decision.
The decision to allow Udir to undergo a memory removal operation had caused considerable controversy among several elders in the Shaman family. Some soft-hearted people thought that treating Udir like that was too cruel, and while others thought that this so-called young-love was insignificant when compared to the family interests.
The unyielding Crist finally decided to sacrifice his most dearly beloved grandson.
Or in his view, it was not a sacrifice at all.
—rather, it was saving.
Even though Udir was very clever to bring Ling Feng to seclude themselves in a small remote town, the Shaman Family's power dashes to the skies. In reality, it is not difficult to find two people. Soon, Crist found their hiding place. He brought soldiers from the First Guard Battalion to go in-person and catch Udir to take him back. He wanted to kill the man named "Sander", but he didn't expect that person to actually receive the news in advance and fled before they arrived.
Crist returned Udir to the capital star and performed a memory removal operation on Udir.
In his view, Udir's so-called love is simply not worth mentioning when compared to the position of the head of the Rose Legion and the future of the Shaman Family. He will choose the most beautiful Omega for Udir, and very soon, Udir will forget that man and from then on, start a brand-new life.
However, what shocked him was that Udir's hand was always holding on tightly to that necklace with a name engraved in it. The first words he said when he woke up was: "Who is Ling Feng?"
He asked with a puzzled face, "Who is Ling Feng?", several elders were unable to respond to his surprise, and even guiltily shifted their line of sight.
In the end, Crist casually made up an excuse saying that Ling Feng was one of his comrades-in-arms whose life had already been sacrificed on the battlefield.
Udir did not speak and merely pursed his brows in silence.
Udir, who was wiped of his memories, shut himself away in his room for an awfully long time and was not willing to see anyone.
He always felt that he had forgotten something of the past that should have never been forgotten. Being aware of it like this made it difficult for him to sleep through the night. The vague shadow in the depths of his heart seemed to be about to completely dissipate at any time. He tried desperately, but he couldn't remember it. Udir had splitting headaches all day long, and he would even hit his head against the wall as hard as he could, just to alleviate the intense pain in the deepest parts of his mind.
The doctors can only repeatedly give him sedatives to let him sink into a deep sleep. Once he wakes up, he will once again have a headache and can't sleep.
This image of Udir falling apart made the Shaman Family's elders very uneasy. In desperation, they sent a psychiatrist along with Udir's mother to go straighten him out.
Udir's mother, Lianne, is an Omega woman with an extraordinarily gentle and soft personality. She has always been extremely against the elders of the Shaman Family's way of handling things. Unfortunately, Omegas in the family have no say whatsoever, she can only helplessly watch her own son being washed of his memories and turn into a walking corpse. As a mother, she is terribly distressed, but she is unable to do anything.
Lianne gave her son a meal every day and she softly comforted him. But, concerning Ling Feng, she did not dare mention those words.
After half a month, Udir finally recovered from his state of refusing to interact with anyone. As if nothing had happened, he smiled refined and courteously at the elders.
He took over the head position of the Rose Legion, successfully mastered that S-Class mech, and named his mech Silver Snow.
In his dreams, they always circled back to the vast expanse of a white snowfield. He always felt that was where his home was.
And there is only one reason why he recovered so quickly.
—He wants to find Ling Feng and find everything that he has lost.
So he chose to make a temporary compromise and became the heir to the Shaman Family's Rose Legion according to his grandfather's wishes.
***
In fact, in comparison to Ling Feng, Udir is much more fortunate. Immediately after he was taken home by his grandfather, he was arranged to have a memory removal operation. Although he was sad when he woke up, he did not remember everything.
Ling Feng, however, clearly remembered every detail of each interaction the two shared.
On that day, Ling Feng received an urgent confidential letter from Berg saying that the Shaman Family had made abnormal movements. That Old General Shaman appeared to be heading towards the Cigar Galaxy. Ling Feng was immediately on-guard and guessed that his hiding place was discovered. At that time, Udir was out shopping. Ling Feng was forced to hastily to pack up a piece of luggage and send a message to Udir to make an appointment to rendezvous in a small tavern. He left the house with Little Snow in advance.
He waited in that small tavern for a very long time without Udir showing up, he, however, saw the Rose Legion's suspension car passing by the street.
With a window standing between them, he saw a man sitting in the suspended car at the window, his familiar blond hair and blue eyes like the azure sky, and his strained, expressionless handsome face.
Little Snow leaned forward at the window and said in a puzzled voice: "Dad, that person looks like......"
Ling Feng's fingers trembled and covered his son's mouth, picked up Snow in his arms, and quickly turned to leave the tavern.
Udir was taken away by that Old General Shaman, which means that their happiness had finally come to an end.
Ling Feng was forever unable to forget that day. After Udir was taken away, he carried his son, walking on that snowy street.
The gale was intermingled with large swaths of snowflakes that pelted his face. The devastating snowy wind blurred his vision. He couldn't clearly see the road in front of him. He could only rely on his instincts and quickly move forward.
The child in his arms seemed to perceive his Dad's abnormal mood, drawing himself into his neck, obediently leaning into his chest, not saying a word.
The child's warm breaths brushed against his chest, Ling Feng's eyes were bitter and tears nearly flowed down.
That Old General Shaman wanted to kill that pair of father and son down to the last one and conducted a carpet search throughout the planet. That father and son had to pass through with the secret assistance of Berg to get in contact with the Undercurrent members in Planet Oman to disguise their appearances with masks. They left that place that very night.
In the early morning of a winter day, there was three feet of snow and a bone-chilling wind.
No matter how cold the weather outside is, it can't compare with the icy coldness at the bottom of his heart.
Chapter 068. Reunion
Udir's gaze is extremely gentle and soft, but his actions are fierce and domineering.
Their separation of so many years seems to have thoroughly aroused the boundless desires repressed at the bottom of this man's heart. Ling Feng's position was changed quite a few times by him, his whole body from top to bottom was unbearable limp and sore. Afterward, he was genuinely physically weakened. He was so worn out that he fell asleep.
The sweat-stricken sex following this long-awaited reunion continued non-stop until late at night, Udir's frantic approach to proclaiming his right of possession of this man was really in reality...... just his fear of losing him.
He already lost him once, he cannot bear a second time.
Looking at the man who was tired and fell asleep in the crook of his arm, a faint stab of pain came from the bottom of Udir's heart.
The man's pure and handsome face still dons a post-lustful flush, the elegantly straight downwards bridge of his nose, the beautiful shape of his lips that had been kissed red and swollen, his whole body was covered up and down in lovebites all left by him just now, inside his body was completely filled with his own essence.
—This man, once again completely belongs to himself.
This kind of realization makes Udir's heart fill up with a touch of warmth.
However, while he was satisfied, he was also particularly distressed. He regrets all of the torments that he has suffered over these past years. He wishes he could go back to the past and hold him tightly in his arms. He wishes that he never forgot him and let him go.
Unfortunately, you can't redo the past. He can only use the rest of his life to treat him well and never let him down.
After Ling Feng fell asleep, his brow was still slightly knitted together, and he appeared to have dreamt of some bad things. Udir knew that it was experiencing all those years of running away that filled his subconscious mind with wariness. Even if he now slept in his arms, he did not completely let down his guard.
Udir hand softly reached out with his hand and smoothed Ling Feng's brows, he placed his lips on his mark and on the next one, he gave a gentle and devout kiss on his lips. Against his lips, he said in a low voice: "Ling Feng, I love you"
Dreaming Ling Feng turned his body over somewhat restlessly like he was looking for a heat source, he took the initiative to lean into Udir's embrace.
Udir's entire heart went soft and he gently hugged him.
Ling Feng has an obsession with cleanliness, he must take a bath after doing it, and if the liquid remains in his body, he will sleep uneasily through the whole night.
Udir came to the bathroom carrying Ling Feng, he filled up a nice tank of warm water, put him in the bathtub, and gently helped him wash his body while also attentively cleaning up the remaining liquid left behind in his rear entrance. Seeing that area was slightly swollen but it wasn't injured, only then did Udir put his worries to rest. He wrapped him up in a large bath towel and carried him back to the bedroom.
In this set of movements, Udir is matchlessly practiced and incomparably gentle, he didn't wake Ling Feng up in the slightest.
The bed in the bedroom was a mess, the sheets were wrinkled into a ball stained full spots of semen on it. Udir carried Ling Feng to the sofa next to it, and changed it out to a new bed sheet from a cupboard, and only after which did he bring him to the bed.
Ling Feng was probably too tired and slept very well from start to finish. Udir took all of him into his arms. He took the initiative to nestle his body Udir's arms and snugly fit his face against Udir's chest.
Udir gave a slight smile and ducked down to kiss his forehead. He said softly, "Sleep well, goodnight."
—Goodnight, my love.
—Every morning from now on, you will wake up in my arms.
—We are no longer separated.
***
After Snow and Lin Yuan came back from Ling Feng's the other day, they chatted by themselves in the bedroom and even locked the door.
Brian and Caesar were sitting in the living room watching TV. The TV drama just happened to be developing into the wonderful part of the grand finale. However, Brian's thoughts are not on TV—the grand finale of this TV drama is a joke in comparison to Snow and can be entirely ignored.
Caesar is not interested in this TV drama in the slightest.
The two of them acted as if they were watching the television screen, their minds, however, were completely on their respective Omega.
—Where did they go today? Why were their expressions so strange when they came back?
—But also closing the door to privately talk? What are they talking about in the end?
Their two's hearts were distracted and their thoughts were in turmoil, they completely ignored the TV drama's background noise.
Only White Feather was particularly joyfully changing into a feather floating in the air, watching the TV with relish.
The TV drama had just happened to be developing into the plot of the confession. White Feather flew excitedly to Brian and said, "This heroine is too stupid. It is clear that Man No. 2 is quite gentle, right? Bubu?"
Brian impatiently drove it away, "Watch your television! "
White feather: " ......oh. "
After a moment, White Feather flew in front of Caesar and said excitedly:" Master, Master, Man No.2 is really cool, what do you think?"
Caesar knit his brows, "Give me some quiet time!"
White Feather: "......oh."
White Feather, who was simultaneously rejected by both its Master and Brian, silently floated back into its corner, watching the TV drama all alone.
In Snow's room, the two Omegas still seem to be carrying out a private discussion, the door is locked to clearly show that they don't want to be disturbed.
Brian and Caesar are like two big abandoned dogs sitting on the sofa in the living room, yet their eyes are always aimed in the direction of the bedroom.
Brian finally couldn't help it. He moved closer to Caesar's ear and quietly asked: "What in the world do you think those two did going out today?"
Caesar gaze deepened, "I don't know. Xiao Yuan's expression looked a bit abnormal. "
Brian said: "Snow also looks a little nervous...... Their Omega identities weren't discovered by someone were they? "
Thinking of this possibility simultaneously frightened the two of them from the bottom of their hearts. Taking a quick glance face to face, they immediately in a tacit understanding stood up and walked over to Snow's door.
Brian lightly rapped on the door, "Snow, have you eaten a late-night snack?"
"No need." A cold and faint voice belonging to Snow came through from the inside.
After a short moment, Caesar also asked: "Xiao Yuan, have you finished the professor's assignments?"
Lin Yuan said: "Don't worry, it's not due until the day after tomorrow!"
Chapter 069. Follow
After getting out of bed at eight in the morning, Caesar Brian ran into each other in the dining room and saw a brief note left on the table, their expressions immediately became unmistakably distressed.
—I have to go out to do something with Lin Yuan, we may return very late, please do not worry.
This sentence was written simply and straightforwardly, quite like Snow's style.
It's a simple sentence, but it thoroughly provoked the two Alpha's several days of repressed anger.
Brian wrinkled his brows and broodingly said, "What the hell are those two doing after all?"
Caesar's heart was also very uncomfortable. His own Omega didn't tell him that something was up, keeping him in the dark and moving about in private. For the extremely strong possessiveness and protectiveness of an Alpha, such disregard makes him entirely unable to tolerate it.
Brian certainly has the same feelings too.
Even though Snow dependently leaning into his embrace that night made him happy for several days, even continuously dreamingly so gleefully that he wakes up with a smile, but after that, Snow suddenly became very close to Lin Yuan. His attitude towards Lin Yuan is also especially good, however, in the presence of Brian, his facial expression was just as plainly indifferent as before as if everything that night was all an illusion Brain had by himself.
Brian's stance toward Snow was simply at a complete loss and he even began to eat Lin Yuan's vinegar. If it were not for Caesar being present, he would even like to take this dense guy and wrap him up, then throw him out of the dormitory.
Looking at the note in front of his eyes, Brian finally couldn't help but press the space button on his wrist: "Little Blue, give me the position coordinates of Night Snow!"
Caesar also said in a low voice: "White Feather, detect the position of Suzaku at once!"
The two Alphas were once again on the same wavelength, and they said this sentence almost at the same time. After they finished speaking, they once again glanced at each other quite awkwardly.
Of the two of them, one is a prince and one is the sole son of General Bayh, they have now gone so far as to fall to the point of secretly tracking their own Omegas, this is truly a great tragedy.
Little Blue and White Feather are unexpectedly obedient to their master's orders.
Brian had originally installed a mech tracking system on Night Snow's body, while White Feather and Suzaku were the same beings as Mr. Aston's works. There was a mutual detection between the S-Class mechs, after some brief calculations, the two mechs very quickly announced the coordinates.
Little Blue calmly said: "Master, Night Snow's coordinates are...... Po Military Star."
White Feather said very excitedly: "Master Master! Predecessor Suzaku is on Po Military Star, are we going to pursue it?"
The difference between the coordinates of the two mechs is very close, this proves that Snow and Lin Yuan are also very close to each other.
Brian and Caesar give a quick face to face look at each other with a tacit understanding, rushed to pilot their mechs to the coordinate points.
***
At that same moment, Ling Feng finally calmed down and walked out of the bedroom.
Udir saw him coming out and he immediately stepped forward. He gently reached for his waist and embraced him without a word or movement. He said with a soft voice: "How come you've woken up so early? Did you want to go back to sleep for a while?"
Snow raised his head and puzzledly looked at Ling Feng.
Ling Feng's ears reddened slightly in embarrassment. Udir was too unbridled last night. Even now, both of his legs are shaking. It is a bit difficult to walk in the presence of his son. If he is seen by his son......
Snow swept his gaze over at the faintly discernible hickey on his Dad's neck, and immediately came to a realization, he insipidly said: "Dad, go rest."
Udir smiled and said: "Did you hear that? Our son will even let you go back to resting."
"......" Ling Feng gave Udir a look and Udir immediately shut his mouth.
Ling Feng took a deep breath and walked over to the living room to sit down, he looked at Snow and said: "Has he already explained the matter of the memory removal surgery to you?"
Snow nodded.
Udir also took a seat back down on the sofa and lightly held Ling Feng's shoulder. He said softly: "Since both of you are here, I will tell you my intentions."
Since Udir's voice suddenly became serious, the two people listen carefully.
Udir said: "There is someone in the Rose Legion's First guard Battalion whose wife will be giving birth soon. I plan to privately give him a big year-long vacation and let him go home to properly accompany his wife and child. He has naturally been a trusted aide of mine for more than ten years, he is reliable." Udir looked back at Ling Feng, "If you want, you can dress yourself up like him for the time being to come to my side. In this way, we can see each other every day. I can also protect you at all times."
Seeing that Ling Feng did not respond, Udir continued speaking once again: "My grandfather is getting up there in years, and now the real power of the Shaman Family is grasped in my hands. Give me some time, wait for me to deal with my home off to the side. I will take you back in an open and honest manner...... You can officially become my spouse under my identity as a Beta, Snow can also continue attending school as a Beta, okay?"
Ling Feng was silent for a moment, before saying: "There's no need for this. It doesn't matter to me if I can go back to your house or not, besides, I can't stay here with you."
Udir stared blankly, "You want to leave?"
Ling Feng nodded, "I originally came over here this time in order to take Snow away."
Udir said quietly: "Then just for me, stay...... at my side...... alright? "
At the man's distinctly pleading tone, Ling Feng's heart could not help but faintly tremble.
Such a proud man like Udir, actually lowered his pride and apologized to him over and over, even begging him to stay......
This obviously a man he loves dearly, how could Ling Feng have the heart refuse to straight out reject him? But if he said he'd stay behind, what should he do about Ling Yu? There is still Xiao Yuan and Snow......
Right as Ling Feng is hesitating, just at that moment, the cold and cheerless voice of the youth abruptly sounds in his ear—
"Stay behind, Dad."
Ling Feng looked up in surprise, coming into contact with Snow's undisturbed gaze.
Snow looked at him and calmly spoke: "I have already talked it over with Xiao Yuan, we will not leave with you. I still want to continue attending school, and he feels the same way. If you are alone, you'd instead be making people worry, just follow Father's words and stay at his side for the time being. He is an important general in the military. He can receive the military's news first thing. Despite what you may think, you are the safest at his side."
Chapter 070. Lessons
In Brian's impression, General Udir is the strangest out of all the commanders in the military.
Even though he is a General, he studies all kinds of flowers and plants all day, he even turned the place he lived into a botanical garden. He had a careless appearance with the shadow of a smile on his face all day long. There was no integrity and earnesty that a soldier should have.
Because his father, General Drew, also served in the military, ever since Brian was a child he has come across General Udir coming to the Bayh Family's elders' birthday feast to give congratulatory gifts. Brian still remembers that year when he was five years old, he was playing in the garden, just happening to run into Udir lazily sitting and doing nothing but drinking his tea. Brian immediately turned around to run away as if he was avoiding a monster, but Udir suddenly grabbed him by his collar and yanked him back.
The man smiled and looked at the five-year-old Brian, and asked in a low voice, "You are definitely Drew's son, why is it that as soon as you see me you run away?"
Brian gave him a loathing look, "Let me go!"
Udir seemed to think that this kid was quite amusing. He grabbed firmly and pulled Brian up by his collar leaned in close to carefully look at him. After looking for a long time, he finally contently pinched his face and arrived at the conclusion that "looks passably okay, you look a bit more like your daddy Berg."
Brian, who had his face pinched, very much detested the man in front of him, he straightened out his collar, glared at him, and then turned around to leave.
Udir has a terrible fault, he is awfully fond of bullying children.
Probably because he didn't have a son himself? Whenever he caught sight of a four or five-year-old child, he had to stop and catch them to play around with. He had already scared an awful lot of children into crying, and the children in the families of high-ranking military officers were all very afraid of him. For those mere children, this handsome
strange uncleUdir who wears a smile on his face is simply the villain boss in a storybook.
(
TN
: Strange uncle refers specifically to a young or a middle-aged male pedophile, not that Udir is actually a pedophile but he definitely creeps them out! Also for those wondering, this takes place after Udir gets his memories wiped! So...... Big ouch that he's being drawn to children Snow's age when he lost him.)
Contrary to what one might expect, Brian is not afraid of this man with a big smile and evil intentions, but simply hates the strange temperament of this General. In Brian's mind, a kind of upright and serious man such as his father, Drew, would only then fall into the definition of a "soldier". This General in front of him is more like a "perverted artist."
Every time he saw Udir as a child, Brian would avoid him like the plague and turn back to slip away without a trace.
Unexpectedly, he surprisingly ran into him face to face today.
Although he has already grown up, Brian can no longer still continue avoiding this man. In order to find Snow, he has to throw caution to the wind. He politely nodded to him and said: "General, Excuse me, may I ask if you have seen a boy with blue eyes, platinum-blonde hair, and who is roughly about this tall?" Brian's hands gestured to a position under his nose. Snow's height was just below the bridge of Brian's nose, this kind of height difference is very suitable for receiving kisses.
"Blue eyes, platinum-blonde hair...... this tall?" Udir though it over for a moment looking pensively, he turned his head back to the inside of the house, "Snow, is he talking about you?"
Brian: "......... "
Snow, who had just been preparing a meal in the kitchen, heard his father calling out to him, he wiped his hands and turns around to come out, faintly saying: "Someone is looking for me?"
Udir looked at his son's appearance with an apron wrapped around him, the more he looked the cuter he felt it was, he couldn't help but smile a little and lightly embrace his son around his shoulder, speaking in a gentle tone: "Do you know this person? He seems to be looking for you."
Snow lifted his head up and took a glance at Brian and immediately froze where he stood in embarrassment.
⁠—Brian? This idiot, why did he suddenly run over here to throw away his life?
Yet Brian apparently still hasn't figured out the situation. This scene of Udir's tender smile as he was wrapped around Snow's shoulders is truly too warm and too offensive to the eyes. There is an instant stabbing pain in Brian's heart, and the violently strong anger in his heart explodes with a loud bang like ignited gunpowder.
This is his Omega, how can he be held in the embrace of another man?
Brian looked at Udir's hand on Snow's shoulder and fire almost came out of his eyes.
Reminiscent of Snow coming back late at night mysteriously every day recently, he may have been staying with Udir. Out of these two, one is an Alpha and one is an Omega. Udir has been voted as the No. 1 Golden Bachelor on the Empire Forum...... ......even more unbearable is that Snow has an apron wrapped around him, obviously preparing a meal for him, and he is even intimately held in his embrace......
Brian's nose suddenly begins to sour, his Snow who has never made a meal for him is actually wrapped around in an apron cooking for this perverted Udir?! It's simply more than he can bear!
Brian, like a beast that had its food forcibly taken away, very fiercely glared at Udir and said: "Let go of him!"
Snow hurriedly raised his head saying: "Brian......"
Just as he was going to speak, he was interrupted by Udir's low voice, "You go back to the kitchen, hand this over to me to deal with."
Udir pushed his son over towards the direction of the kitchen, he turned his head back to look at Brian, one hand on the edge of the door frame blocking Brian's line of sight. He slightly smiled and said with great grace, "What is your business with my Snow? He is staying here with me this weekend."
My. Snow......
(
TN
: Oh man, doesn't work in English that well. Original line. 我、家、斯、诺. (I, family, Sn-,ow) Basically what he said before Snow's name "家" has a bit of wiggle room in meaning. This character is most commonly used to mean family or home. When you use it before one's name that would be a polite way to introduce someone from your family. However, it can also refer to specifically a wife, hence what Brian's going to have a brain shutdown over.)
These four words are certainly an
attack skill
.
(
TN
: Like a game I suppose?)
The disorderly speculation that springs up in his mind almost made Brian go crazy.
Brian went to bypass Udir and go inside to drag Snow out when Udir suddenly reached out and grabbed his shoulder.
When all was said and done, he is the head of a legion. Although both his appearance and personality are more like an artist, the strength of this man, however, is so great that it's frightening. While he is only lightly squeezing, Brian feels right away that the bones of his shoulder would very soon be crushed into pieces by him.
Chapter 071. Like
After the meal, Ling Feng called for Snow and Lin Yuan alone in his room and had the two youths sit down on the sofa, his tone was gentle and soft as he spoke, "Since you decided to stay behind and continue attending school, from now on at school you must redouble your caution, you understand?"
The two nodded earnestly and said: "Understood."
Ling Feng gave a small smile and asked: "Is the inhibitor issue all figured out?
In fact, this is another one of the reasons Ling Feng came to the eta Ursae Majoris Starfield. He originally wanted to take Snow and Lin Yuan away, but if the two little guys didn't want to go with him, then he must also solve the issue of their inhibitors for the two of them so as to avoid any accidents.
Snow looked up and said: "Dad, previously I used to take batches of medicine from the underground city. The inhibitor formula is also in my hands. I can re-manufacture it in the school lab."
Ling Feng thought about it then spoke: "You had better bring all of the medicine you took to me. I will give you inhibitors. If it by any chance is discovered by someone in the school laboratory, it would instead be dangerous."
Snow nodded and said: "Okay, then I will bring it over to you some other time."
Ling Feng also turned his head to look at Lin Yuan and say: "What about you Xiao Yuan?"
Lin Yuan scratched his head, saying: "Caesar's
Wang Xiong
will bring a few injections from over there, and Dr. Fornt also sent me a package of new inhibitor pills, it should get me through this academic year."
(
TN
: I'm a bit dumb, sometimes I don't remember that I could just, ya know, leave it in Chinese. Anyways this is Xiwei's brotherly prince title. If I ever go back I'll do the same for the rest of them too.)
Ling Feng said: "The inhibitor you use isn't like the others, it is the finished product after processing. Taking it for long-term use can allow one to become a Beta. But since you have been marked, the Omega glands in the body have already been fully activated, these kinds of inhibitors are not very useful for you."
Lin Yuan wondered aloud: "It means that since the ingredients of the medicine are different, I cannot use these kinds of inhibitors in the future?"
Ling Feng explained: "It can be used but the effect will be greatly reduced, you also need to double your dosage."
Lin Yuan nodded his head, not truly understanding.
Ling Feng paused and said: "Let's do it like this. You first use the injections brought by Caesar. I will re-make a few supporting inhibitors for you. You should not take any more pills sent by Dr. Fornt. The ingredients in these two inhibitors are different and cannot be used together."
Lin Yuan smiled and said: "Oh, I got it."
Ling Feng looked at the two people and said: "Temporary marks can only last for three months. Do you guys now what you'll be doing after three months? The inhibitors must be injected before this deadline, don't forget."
The two of them gave a quick look to one another and nodded very carefully, Ling Feng smiled in satisfaction.
After a moment of silence, Lin Yuan finally asked a question that was always on his mind: "Uncle, how is my dad doing at the moment"
Ling Feng was startled and said in a low voice: "Your dad had me tell you...... that he is doing well. There will be a chance in the future for you to meet."
A trace of disappointment flashed across Lin Yuan's face, he hung his head down and said: "He doesn't want to see me?"
Ling Feng's heart became somewhat troubled and he comforted him with a soft voice: "He is unable to see you, he is carrying out a secret mission in a distant galaxy. His communicator signal must be transmitted through the password verification of space stations in multiple galaxies. If it by any chance is found by the military's interception network, it will be quite dangerous. Therefore, the less contact he has with the outside world, the better. Everytime he is contacted, he must change the password...... You don't have to worry too much either. His situation is not at all dangerous."
Lin Yuan could only smile and say: "......en."
Ling Feng looked at Xiao Yuan's smiling expression and couldn't refrain from feeling sorry for him.
Even now, he still remembers the day when Xiao Yuan was sent away, he grabbed Ling Yu's hand crying. The child wept inconsolably, the tears were smeared across his whole face, and his young and tender voice repeated time and time again "Dad, don't leave me...... Dad......"
Looking back on that scene now makes his nose sour.
In the blink of an eye, that child with a face stained with tears has already grown up into an 18-year-old teenager, as optimistic and strong as his dad had hoped.
However, this little guy who keeps a strong appearance must actually at the bottom of his heart......
......miss his dad very much then?
***
Ling Feng called for Snow and Xiao Yuan to go to a room to chat, Udir sat on the sofa and contentedly ate fruit— of course, the box of fruit Caesar bought. In the living room, Brian and Caesar stared at each other at their wit's end. The fact is, at this moment, there is no room to advance or retreat in the face of this General that they were unable to avoid as a child.
Udir finished eating a fruit, and then glanced at Brian and said insipidly: "You are the boyfriend
my
Snow picked?"
(
TN
: Everyone remembers what Brian got so pissed about last time lmao? The 家 of many meanings of a wife or family? Udir is using it again here. What a salty pretzel.)
My Snow— these
four
words just now still make Brian extremely indignant, Hearing them in his ear at this moment, yet not daring in the slightest to have any complaints, Brian made haste to respectfully reply back: "That's right, General, we have been together for more than a month......"
(
TN
: Four characters in the original.)
Udir nodded as he smiled and said: "You are still young. By no means will I fight against you being together. In any case, you haven't gotten married yet. Nothing is set in stone...... It still depends on how you perform in the future."
Brian immediately saluted his father-in-law: "Understood, General, I will surely perform well!"
Udir couldn't help but think— it seems that his son really chose Brian as his Alpha, this guy Brian is really unsightly no matter how he looks at him. How can he make things even more difficult for him if he pays a visit later on to propose marriage?
Isn't he learning mech manufacturing? Have him give Snow an S-Class mech he personally made as a betrothal gift?
No, an S-Class mech as a betrothal gift is totally inadequate in his eyes.
......there is plenty of time, he can carefully think about it later.
Udir smiled and looked at Brian with his gaze becoming increasingly gentle and soft.
Chapter 072. Confession
Facing Caesar's very earnest facial expression as he said in a soft voice, "I like you" and as if for the purpose of proving the authenticity of this statement, he came over and took the initiative to kiss Lin Yuan, moreover, it is definitely a genuine...... French kiss.
Lin Yuan was shocked into being frozen where he stood. The inside of his mouth was filled with the taste of Caesar. The strange feeling of the boy's tongue wantonly swirling around in his mouth made his scalp go numb. His soul did not come back into his body until Caesar pulled back.
Only after a long time had passed did Lin Yuan manage to react to what had happened. He hurriedly used his hand to wipe his mouth and said in embarrassment, "Cough, Caesar, how can you...... uh...... you have always been...... my best......"
Caesar softly spoke up, cutting him off, "Best friend?"
Lin Yuan: "......"
Lin Yuan swallowed, although he did not say anything, his innocent gaze however clearly expressed— that's right, in my mind, you are a good friend who is very loyal.
Caesar felt some helplessness. He lightly placed his hand on Lin Yuan's shoulder and said seriously: "But I'm not, Xiao Yuan. I've never consider you to only be a friend. I have liked you for a long time."
Lin Yuan: "......"
Caesar said in a low voice: "Everything that I have done before was all because I like you. Whether it be assisting you in practicing mechs or taking you as a disciple over the Internet to teach you all kinds of operating skills...... I want to be with you. I want to see you happy. I was worried that you'd feel pressured after I told you, so I didn't say anything." Caesar paused, "In reality, I have always wanted to stay at your side, I have never considered you as a mere friend it's all because...... I like you. I want to stay at your side, do you understand?"
Lin Yuan: "......"
Caesar slightly lowered his head, his gaze was tenderly and softly looking at the youth in front of him, "Xiao Yuan, I genuinely and sincerely want to be with you. Give me a chance, let me be your Alpha, okay?"
Lin Yuan: "......"
Not only is the feeling of being confessed to by someone truly way too strange, but it was also a confession from his male dormitory roommate?
Ever since Lin Yuan was able to formulate sensible thoughts, he had always dreamed of marrying a beautiful and kindhearted Beta girl, creating a happy family, and then taking his mom and sister to live a good life. After inexplicably becoming an Omega, although it was hard to accept for a long time, he nevertheless can't avoid accepting his current situation.
But even though he became an Omega, to him, neither his dreams nor beliefs changed.
He still wants to continue attending school under the identity of a Beta, and after he graduates, he wants to take his mom and sister to live a quiet and stable life.
He will not be perfectly willing to become an Alpha's accessory to be shut off in a home to bear and raise children for someone just because he is an Omega. Even if he can no longer get married to a Beta girl, he doesn't want to get married to a man and give birth to a child either.
Caesar is a very good person. But to Lin Yuan, he is a friend, a buddy, a good brother who can fight alongside him.
—The only thing he cannot be is a lover.
After a long silence, Lin Yuan awkwardly scratched his head and moved his line of sight away from Caesar's face.
What should he say? In the face of this Alpha roommate's confession, how should he respond?
This is indeed worrying him to death......
Good buddies don't do it, insisting on intertwining on whether they like or don't like is a senseless problem, wouldn't it just lead to looking for somewhere to place the blame?
Lin Yuan bitterly pursed his brows. After thinking it over for a long time, he looked up at Caesar and said: "Caesar, as far as I'm concerned you are truly a very important, very precious friend. We can just continue being friends like this. Isn't that good enough......"
Caesar: "......"
Looking into Lin Yuan's expectant eyes, Caesar is simply speechless.
Friend? The nape of his neck was bitten by him, he even has his mark on his body...... Does this kind of friend exist? Is it necessary to wait until the person has eaten everything and wiped their plate clean before you realize that I don't see you as a friend?
The only thing this little Omega monster has going on in his head all day long is mech operation and military history. Towards emotions however, he never gives it a thought.
The little guy was such a hard nut to crack, it's only natural that he can't get it through his shell.
He faces this ignorant youth before him who still doesn't have the slightest clue about what liking is, a person has never even moved his heart before. If his relationship history is a blank sheet of paper, then, in that case, Caesar will personally paint a vibrant color on that blank sheet of paper.
Caesar believes that as long as he continues to work hard, Xiao Yuan will accept it sooner or later.
Soon after thinking of this, Caesar no longer pressured Lin Yuan to give an immediate reply and changed the subject: "Don't worry, I won't force you...... As for the thing about your dad, you shouldn't be too sad either, maybe it's not that he doesn't want to see, but that he is now burdened with a heavy responsibility that makes it hard to see you. There will inevitably be an opportunity for you and your entire family to be together."
Lin Yuan nodded, "En......"
Lin Yuan was clearly frightened by Caesar's confession, he still hadn't recovered to his usual self.
Caesar saw that his face had wrinkled in an awfully vexed manner, he was forced for lack of a better choice to say: "Alright, then you should go to bed a bit earlier, and you should also get up early tomorrow morning."
Lin Yuan immediately nodded and said: "Goodnight."
After impatiently sending this dormitory roommate Caesar out of the door, Lin Yuan turned his body around and saw a white ball of hair lying on the bed, a pair of dark eyes gleaming at him.
Lin Yuan: "......"
Hobby, this little guy was unexpectedly laying down there and eavesdropping all along?
Lin Yuan gave him a helpless glance, grabbed him and placed it properly in his nest, he poked his ear and said: "Lie down and go to sleep."
Hobby was very happy to curl up into a ball and go to sleep.
At the bottom of his heart, however, he thought, a few days prior, he saw with his own eyes on the spaceship the entire process of Brian marking Snow. Today he once again listened to the entire process of His Highness Caesar confessing to his Owner in the bedroom...... Humans always overlook his existence, it really isn't on purpose.
***
This evening, Lin Yuan didn't get a good night's rest all throughout the night.
The whole "being confessed by a good buddy" thing is really too great of a shock for him. Even if he had not long ago just recently become aware of himself being an Omega, he had always been developing a Beta's mindset for many years. He is still mentally a Beta. He doesn't feel in the slightest that it is some joyous occasion to be confessed to by an Alpha, especially since the other party for a long time now had always been his most trusted friend.
Chapter 073. Wilderness Training
At this moment, Caesar heard White Feather's voice sound in his mind through the mech's mental communication.
"Master, master, is it really okay for us to cheat like this?"
Caesar's facial expression is undisturbed, pretending he couldn't hear.
The possibility of drawing Lin Yuan's No. 49 out of the many student ID numbers is naturally not a simple coincidence.
Caesar reached into the paper box with his right hand, donning his mech space button. White Feather is a S-Class mech, it can even maintain mental communication with its master at all times. Caesar had it do the briefest possible full-scan of the inside of the box to find Lin Yuan's student number. White Feather excitedly completed its task immediately personally delivered the slip of paper with Lin Yuan's student ID number to Caesar's hand.
As a result, the students just saw Caesar stick his hand in and casually draw out his teammate, and to one's surprise, "fortuitously" drew out Lin Yuan.
Baker who was standing beside him couldn't hold himself back from saying: "Boss, you and Caesar are truly brought together by fate, ah. Even this can be drawn out!"
Caesar turned his head and amicably smiled at Lin Yuan.
Lin Yuan however could only force a bitter smile from the bottom of his heart.
He would rather be teamed up with anyone else of the 48 students in his class, he didn't want to team up with Caesar by himself!
***
Wilderness Survival Group Training is a traditional event of the St. Romia Military Academy. It is usually selected to be carried out on the weekend after the conclusion of the theoretical class. For two days, the students will be in teams of two and traverse through the large Köln Forest on foot.
This kind of training method is a compulsory course for the military school students of the ancient earth era. Although mech combats makes up for a greater portion of the battles, mastering survival skills out in the wilderness is an essential inner quality for a soldier. Just in case you come across your mech being destroyed, the power source depleted, or other such situations, if you want to make it out alive without a hitch, you can only depend on your own human strength.
The size of the Köln Forest is quite large. Looking from a high altitude point of view, this area is a very long and narrow jungle, which spans approximately tens of thousands of kilometers, and its diameter all the way around is only over one hundred kilometers. For cadets who are really physically fit, if it was just a simple long-distance run, they would only need a single day's time to finish the distance of over 100 kilometers, but the terrain in the forest is complicated and there are even various kinds of snakes that roam about hidden to human eyes. There will certainly be countless twists and turns along the side of the road, so the instructors gave them two day's time. Without much extra effort put in, they had everyone learn through experience by putting them through staying overnight in the forest.
Knox gave each person a miniature communicator, as well as some essential items for survival in the wilderness.
There were no guns handed out within the items, a long and sharp military knife has become the main weapon for survival in the forest, and there is a compressed tent parcel for use in camping out during nighttime- this can be considered to be a kind of new experience. In this current era, all mechs have resting rooms, something like a tent has nearly become forgotten by the people. Obviously this training completely disregards the existence of mechs, forcing the students to return to the oldest era, using the human race's power in it of itself to strive for survival.
Knox finished distributing the goods and then he turned to the students to brief them: "If you encounter difficulties that you are unable to resolve, you can ask for assistance through the communicator. Those who are unable to get out of the forest by 5 pm tomorrow may also request for the air rescue squadron to immediately bring you out."
Injuries and casualties of students inevitably appear during the course of training. The wilderness survival training will be equipped with an air rescue team. Students who request for help will have their coordinates immediately pinpointed to carry out assistance. But even so, a few people will not be able to get out of the forest and will ask for the rescue team to take them out. For the students of St. Romia Military Academy, that would undoubtedly be an extremely humiliating thing, the degree of humiliation is comparable to that of a deserter on a battlefield.
Seeing the students' faces raring to go, Knox went on to say: "In order to be fair during the course of the train, I request that all students come up and hand over any mech space buttons that you carry on your person."
All of the students who possessed personal mechs very cooperatively handed over their space buttons. Caesar had just removed the white bracelet-model space button on his wrist and White Feather made a huge stink in disapproval straight away: "Master, Master, don't hand me over, can't I secretly turn into a tree leaf to follow after you? I won't be found out! As an S-Class mech, I should protect Master anytime and anywhere!"
Right at this moment, next to him, Lin Yuan also undid the red space button on the chest and handed over Suzaku to be placed in Instructor Knox's hands.
White Feather immediately changed its tune, saying: "Nevermind, forget about it, I know for certain that with Master's outstanding ability, he will be safe and sound. I'd better stay behind to protect Predecessor Suzaku then!"
Caesar: "........."
With a wooden expression, Caesar set aside this chatterbox to be in Instructor Knox's care.
Knox lowered his head to look at the watch on his wrist and said and said, "The time is now 8:30 in the morning. Next, you will be thrown into different areas of the forest according to your group. Before 5 in the afternoon tomorrow, I hope that all of you can smoothly exit from the opposite side."
Everyone immediately saluted to Instructor Knox orderly: "Understood! Instructor!"
Knox waved his hand to and fro and said: "Move out!"
***
Lin Yuan and Caesar were taken to the entrance of the forest by suspension car. Looking from left to right after landing, you cannot see another person's figure in sight.
This wilderness group training mainly observed the students' grasp of the theoretical knowledge and the mutual trust and cooperation between the two people grouped together. The 25 groups of students were each sent to the different entrances at the beginning of the Köln forest. The terrain in the forest was messy and complicated. The distance between the groups was extremely far. Unless the students got lost and disorderly walked about, it would be extremely difficult for the grouped classmates to come across one another in the forest.
-In other words, Lin Yuan had no other choice but to spend time alone with Caesar for a full two days and one night.
The two were silent for a moment, Lin Yuan bowed his head and sorted out the items that were handed out. He took the military knife sheathed in its scabbard and hung it around his waist. He got the compressed tent steadily on his back and rolled up his sleeves. Only then did he raise his head and enter the forest.
The trees growing in Köln Forest are extremely tall and dense. The dried-up yellow-colored dead leaves are spread on the ground like a thick layer of carpet and stepping down on top of it made a rustling sound. The rays of light that passed through the gaps of the tree leaves was cut into mottled fragments. In the wake of the breeze's gentle swaying, the little birds melodiously trilled every now and again, and the surrounding atmosphere became more serene and pleasant.
Lin Yuan lowered his head and walked in front with Caesar following behind him. With each succeeding rise and fall of the rustling footsteps is like an amazingly tacit concerto.
After walking down this path in silence like this, Caesar suddenly said in a low voice: "Watch out!"
Almost at that same moment, Lin Yuan's body immediately turned to the side, he used his right hand to pull out the military knife from his waist, and unhesitantly swung it over to his right to the front of himself-
Only hearing the "plop", a long dark green snake was cut in half by Lin Yuan's blade and Lin Yuan's hand movement was also fast and accurate. The snake that had spit out its tongue just a moment ago was killed with one one strike by Lin Yuan.
The dark green snake has a very beautiful and complex black pattern on its body. This is the most commonly seen viper in the Köln Forest. If you were bitten, although it wouldn't be enough to kill you, it would definitely cause injury and coma, thereby slowing down the entire journey.
Caesar looked at the already dead carcass completely cut in two fallen on the ground, only then did he slightly relax the tone of his voice.
- His little monster was never a weakling.
But, as an Alpha, a desire to protect your Omega appears, which is a kind of primordial instinct derived from nature.
Just now when he noticed the snake, Caesar's heart jumped to his throat, but luckily, Lin Yuan also promptly noticed it and dealt with it without the slightest hesitation. Fearing that Lin Yuan sustained an injury, a layer of cold-sweat even tensely appeared on Caesar's palms.
The first minor accident after entering the forest was passed through being more scared than hurt and the surroundings were quiet once again.
Lin Yuan stuck the knife back to his waist- he was just about to walk forward when Caesar suddenly pulled Lin Yuan to a stop by his arm, making him turn around to face him. The two looked at each other. Lin Yuan immediately removed his gaze lowered his head downwards to look at Caesar's grip on his hand, indicating for him to let go
Caesar however did not let go of his hold, but instead softly laughed and asked: "Do you plan to ignore me for the entireity of these two days?"
Lin Yuan: "........."
After staying silent for a moment, Lin Yuan awkwardly glanced at Caesar, he spoke in all seriousness: "We shouldn't get too close. You have marked me. Your pheromones will affect me. Whenever you're close by, something about my body doesn't feel very right." As soon as he finished speaking, he shook off Caesar's hand, walking forward keeping to himself, adding in a whisper: "I had better keep a certain distance, I'll walk in front."
Looking at the youth who set out walking forward with a drooping head, Caesar could not help but stare blankly ahead for a bit-
Pheromones are affecting his body?
At that time in the Imperial Palace after completing the mark, was he not issued an inhibitor? An inhibitor plus a temporary mark, at the very least within these three months, the Omega pheromones inside Lin Yuan should be content with their lot being suppressed and the level of pheromone presently in his blood should already be brought down to nearly zero. At such a negligible level, how could it suddenly act up again?
The answer seems to be on the verge of spilling out, but Caesar is far too pleasantly surprised to dare believe it.
If his body feels odd even after being issued an inhibitor, then there is only one possibility in that case-
It's got nothing to with the mutual influence of pheremones, rather someone's heart has been moved.
Your heartbeat speeding up when I'm close, this has nothing to do with the level of your pheromones, but you are... nervous...?
Looking at Lin Yuan's retreating figure, Caesar finally couldn't help but slightly lift his lips up.
His little monster has started to understand things properly at last, but the direction he's going about understanding things seems a bit amiss. He was obviously moved, yet he still obstinately thought that it was the influence of pheromones after being marked, so he deliberately avoided Caesar, hiding from him for a whole half of a month.
However, it does not matter, Caesar is quite patient towards his Omega nature.
Since slow little guy has him in his heart, there will inevitably be a day where he can have Lin Yuan say out of his own mouth those four words "I like you."
Caesar went up to keep in pace with Lin Yuan's footsteps in quite a good mood.
The two kept a distance of approximately two meters, one in front and one in the back, but Caesar felt that their hearts seemed to gradually be getting closer.
***
This area on eta Ursae Majoris Starfield was opened up for development as a military base. In reality, the climatic conditions are not pleasant at all. The difference of the temperatures between day and night is enormous. It is like being inside a stove during the day, but it is like chilling in an icehouse at night.
There are not many wild animals on this planet. Although the Köln Forest is relatively dangerous, there are no other aggressive carnivores except for a large amount of highly venomous snakes. The beasts such as tigers, wolves, leopards and so on simply do not exist on this planet. In this group wilderness training, so long as they can cope well with the vipers, do not lose their way and accurately forge ahead, it will not be too much of a great difficulty for Lin Yuan and Caesar.
With Caesar's abnormally sensitive sense of smell and hearing, as long as the snakes approach, the subtle sounds of them slithering against the dead leaves cannot escape his ears. Plus, Lin Yuan's reactions are also extrordinarily quick. More often than not, the vipers had still not had the time to stick their tongues out before he cleanly cuts them to the ground with his blade.
Although the two of them didn't exchange many words, their compatibility however is matchlessly well-coordinated. All along the way can also be regarded as threatening, but of no danger to them.
The little Omega monster, fellow classmate Lin Yuan, has always been very gifted in fighting. Under the personal guidance of the former Battalion Commander of the Dark Night Legions Personal Guard Battalion, Zhou Yi, Lin Yuan's fighting level is very remarkable. When he walks ahead and encounters God, he kills God, when he encounters Buddha, he kills Buddha. His awe-inspiring appearance even gives the impression of a gallant warrior.
Caesar really admires the force of his Omega.
As opposed to unilateral protection, this feeling of being able to fight side by side with the person you like is actually even better.
The two men walked for more than 50 kilometers on foot, and the rays of light from the gaps of the forest were gradually dimming. At last, evening fell and the two gradually penetrated deeply into the hinterland of the forest.
Caesar has long since wordlessly kept up with Lin Yuan's footsteps and changed from one in front and one in the back to each side by side and in a row.
The Alpha who marked him getting closer made Lin Yuan's heart suddenly pound, but after all, in the middle of a forest, having too great of a distance between his companion is not at all good for looking out for each other. Plus, apart from his heartbeat speeding up, his body has no other anomalies. Lin Yuan could only bear with it for the time being.
There are still another two-thirds left of the route to be traveled, the color of the sky is darkening too. They must speed up and heighten their vigilance.
After forging ahead a short distance, the sound of running water suddenly arrived in his ears. The two walked a few steps forward and saw a river as expected.
The river is very wide and the river water is clear. Standing on the river bank, you can clearly see the stones of various colors scattered at the floorbed of the river, but the middle of the river is too deep to see the bottom, and neither of them can accurately estimate the depth there.
Caesar started to ask: "Can you swim?"
Lin Yuan started to talk saying: "Are we swimming across?"
The two men's minds acted as one as they simultaneously spoke up and also simultaneously closed their mouths.
Caesar turned his head around, he smiled and looked at Lin Yuan saying: "I don't have any problems, what about you?"
Lin Yuan avoided his gaze and said: "Me neither."
After Lin Yuan finished speaking, Caesar took off his coat and his military boots with agile movements, rolling up his trouser legs. Caesar gathered two branches and passes one over to Lin Yuan. He took Lin Yuan's field pack off with no trouble. He packed the clothes he took off and put them into a bundle. He put it back onto his back and said: "I'll scout out a path first, you follow close behind me."
"Okay." Lin Yuan did not use any unnecessary words either, he carefully nodded toward Caesar.
Caesar used the branch to explore the floor bed of the river and took the lead to walk in with bare feet. Lin Yuan immediately followed his footsteps.
At this time, it was the beginning of spring, the river water was ice-cold and biting, Lin Yuan was so freezing that he shivered, but he quickly adapted to it. He clenched his teeth and continued to move forward. The river gradually became deeper and soon his knees were submerged. Until the moment it almost reached his waist, Lin Yuan had to cast aside the branch and prepare to swim forward.
Right at this moment, a part of his calf suddenly became slightly numb-
The strange pain died out in an instant, seemingly like being bitten by something, and yet it was as if it was only some sort of hallucination.
Lin Yuan looked down with a blank gaze. The sky was getting darker, he wasn't able to see the bottom of the water clearly, he also couldn't tell what had bitten him either. Although Lin Yuan was a little uneasy, he didn't have the time to carefully think it over at the moment. Seeing that Caesar was swimming forward, Lin Yuan had to keep up with him at full speed.
The river was very wide, and Lin Yuan and Caesar spent nearly 20 minutes trying to swim with much difficulty to the river back.
Their clothes were already all wet, and the gusts of wind were so cold they shivered, and the color of the sky was completely dark too. Inside the forest, a dense layer of fog raised ip, their surroundings were dreadfully quiet. It was obviously not suitable to advance in.
Caesar soon suggested: "It is better for us to rest first, you are responsible for making a fire, I will set up the tent."
Lin Yuan couldn't think of a better option so he nodded his head in approval.
A moment ago when Caesar took the tent and both of their coats and all packed and crammed into a field pack before swimming over. The field pack he packed the tent in was made of plastic. It just happened to be waterproof. The jackets were not wet. Later on, he could take his wet clothes off to dry and put on the jacket.
Caesar quickly found an open space and prepared to set up the tent.
Seeing that there were two small tents in the parcel, Caesar gave it a thought and secretly hid one of them in a place where Lin Yuan wouldn't see it. Pretending that he only put one down, he quickly set up the tent with an undisturbed expression.
When he turned back, the sky was completely black. Lin Yuan had made a fire next to him, he can't help but further kindle the fire. He also carefully swept clean all the encompassing tree leaves.
At this moment, the boy is sitting by the bonfire is rubbing his hands gently, holding them up against the fire to get warmth. Against the backdrop of the fire, his face seems to be stained with a layer of red. His clear jet-black eyes dance in the sporadic fire light. Both of his eyes are like a canopy for the brightest stars shining in the sky.
The cold night wind in the clear forest was undoubtedly bone-chilling, but looking at the scene of his own Omega peacefully sitting there warming up by a fire, made the bottom of Caesar's heart suddenly warm up.
Camping out in the wilderness is definitely an arduous situation. Having Lin Yuan at his side, makes Caesar feels as happy as if he going on vacation with his Omega.
Caesar picked up two branches from the side, and then walked over to Lin Yuan's side. He handed both the dry and clean military jacket and branches over to him and said softly: "Wet clothes and pants all need to be taken off and dried off, if you wear wet clothes like this you'll catch a cold."
Seeing Lin Yuan slightly hesitating, Caesar walked away of his own accord and said, "I'll go get some food."
Caesar rolled up his trouser legs and turned into the river to catch fish, although as far as wilderness survival goes, he doesn't have any experience. But at this time, the keen senses his Father nurtured from a young age were of the greatest help to him. Caesar's vision, sense of smell, and sense of hearing were all extremely sharp, he quickly used a branch to fork up a few big and plump fish and walked back to beside the bonfire. After a simple treatment, he prepared to grill the fish.
The two walked all day long, and their stomachs were running on empty. They had to eat something to recover their stamina.
Caesar handled four fish and stuck them on the branch and prepared to roast them. Turning his head to the side to take a look, Lin Yuan had already taken off his drenched shirt and pants and put it up on the side to dry by the fire. He draped the thick military jacket over his body, arms wrapped around his knees as he sat down warming himself up by the fire, his fair chest was fairly discernable under the military jacket, and a portion of his calves were also exposed...
This kind of half-covered, half-exposed picture makes his heart stir even more than a fully nude one.
Caesar glanced at his slender legs and couldn't help but swallow and immediately move his gaze off to the side.
Sitting across from him on the other side of the fire, Caesar also took off his wet clothes and hung them on the branches to dry by the fire. Sitting cross-legged on the ground, he imitated Lin Yuan's look and draped his military coat over his shoulders to keep warm.
This 18-year-old Alpha has developed very well, his body is strong and robust to the highest order of perfection, his chest is wide, his legs are slender and powerful, and the six abdominal muscles on his abdomen are both strong and beautiful. Lin Yuan raised his head to take a quick look at him and to his utter befuddlement as to why, his heart began to beat rapidly. Separated by the burning bonfire sharing a heart-to-heart like this, both of their eyes seems to dance in the fire light. The atmosphere seemed to be especially ambiguous.
The two did not speak, only the crackling of the branches as they burned were left in their ears.
Lin Yuan sat down for a long time and felt that his legs were getting a bit numb. He changed his position and extended his right leg out.
At this moment, Caesar suddenly stepped forward. He grabbed Lin Yuan's ankle, pulled his right leg into his arms. He pointed at the area above his ankle, and asked with concern:"Your leg is injured?"
Lin Yuan looked down and sure enough, saw a wound on the lower part of his leg.
At this moment, the skin around the wound has become clearly red and inflamed, it looks especially sinister under the light of the fire.
The author has something to say:
The protagonist's welfare [Two-People Wilderness Volume] starting up ~~
(
TN
: I'm editing this during class lmao. Or in other words, lightly skimmed it whilst pretending to be paying attention and taking notes on Federalism in Government class. Suffice to say, it's probably terrible but Ill give it another once over when I get home!)
Chapter 074. Wilderness Group Training
While crossing the river, Lin Yuan had really felt a faint tingling sensation as if he had been bitten by something, only, at that time, it was too dark to see anything that was happening in the river clearly. That feeling was very slight, the wound wasn't hurting or itching so Lin Yuan rushed across the river and did not pay attention to it. He did not expect that in mere moments, that wound would actually be red and swollen at this point. The surrounding skin was all swollen up in a huge lump. The contrast between his left and right leg looks a bit ridiculous.
Caesar looked at the wound, and soon arrived at the conclusion that: "Did you get bitten by a snake along the way?"
Lin Yuan said: "I seem to have been bitten while crossing the river, the wound doesn't hurt, I'll just......"
Coming into contact with Caesar's reproachful line of sight, Lin Yuan had no choice but to let the rest of his words die in his throat.
He had indeed been too careless. Seeing that the wound was very small and did not hurt or itch, he had even thought that he was lightly nipped by a small fish in the water. He didn't expect it to be a water snake. There really was a kind of snake in the river water of the Köln Forest the width of a human finger with an extremely fast mobility speed. The poison released by this kind of water snake is full of vigor. After mere moments, his whole lower leg swelled up. Thankfully, this type of snake venom does not pose a threat to human life, but if the wound is not treated in time, it will most likely swell to the size of an elephant leg by tomorrow and there would be no way for him to walk.
Fortunately, the instructors sent out some emergency medicines, Caesar turned around and rummaged through the inside of the bag of items to take out a tube of ointment. He walked up to Lin Yuan and kneeled down on one knee, gingerly and carefully pulling his leg into his arms.
Lin Yuan hurriedly said: "I will do it myself."
Lin Yuan wanted to pull his leg back, but Caesar tightly grabbed his ankle and said in a low voice: "Don't flail about."
Lin Yuan: "........."
Lin Yuan had no choice, he stiffly didn't dare to flail about.
His bare calf was placed in Caesar's arms, his toes were pressed right into his lower abdomen. The tips of his toes could even feel the strong muscles and scorching body temperature of his abdomen...
This kind of position made Lin Yuan very embarrassed. He also doesn't know if it is because the fire is burning too fiercely, but his ears had been roasted to the point of being somewhat scorching hot.
On the contrary, Caesar had a composed appearance, and with a serious face, he lowered his head down to treat Lin Yuan's wound.
Caesar lightly squeezed out the pus in the wound and used the palm of his hand to evenly apply the ointment on his injury. He slowly smeared it with a gentle touch. In order to speed up the absorption of the medicine, he also softly massaged Lin Yuan's lower leg.
Lin Yuan had only felt a trace of a slightly cool chill pass through the red and swollen part of his calf, his face, however, can't help but heat up.
Both of them are men, having his leg be massaged in the arms of the other party is honestly way too embarrassing...
Caesar gently massages Lin Yuan's calf for a very long time until the ointment had been completely spread out upon the red and swollen. It was only after this that he let go of Lin Yuan.
Lin Yuan immediately pulled his foot back and pretended to calmly hang his head.
The two sat together beside the bonfire to roast the fish meat, Lin Yuan had been attentively watching the fish in front of him from start to finish, but Caesar's sight has been attentively watching Lin Yuan from start to finish.
The stars that fill the whole sky are just like small sparkling diamonds sprinkled in the sky. The bonfire is burning very well. Those flames throb as if acting in concert with the frequency of both of their heartbeats. The crackling of the burning branches reaches their ears and is occasionally mixed with the cries of the insects in the forest. The fragrance of the roasting meat drifts through the air, the freshness of the fish meat's smell is pleasant.
In the quietness of the wildernesses late at night, they sat quietly together beside the bonfire, as if the two of them were the only people left in the entire world.
Trust each other, depend on each other.
Even if he looks back on it a long time from now, that scene will still be as warm as spring in Caesar's memories.
***
Caesar very quickly finished roasting the fish meat and the fragrance of the roasted meat was could be smelled. Lin Yuan's stomach immediately rumbled in response. Caesar lightly laughed and handed the biggest fish to him. Lin Yuan rushed to express his thanks and took the roasted fish and gobbled it up.
He hasn't eaten all day long, his stomach was completely empty.
Although there was no seasoning added, the fish meat that is roasted in the wild is particularly delicious to eat when you are starving.
Lin Yuan soon finished off the big fish and couldn't help but look up at Caesar and say: "It tastes really good."
The little guy whose eyes shine at the fish meat resembles a big gluttonous cat with a swishing tail.
Caesar smiled and handed him another fish.
Lin Yuan immediately accepted the proffered fish without any politeness and immersed himself in eating it.
After eating two big fishes in succession, he filled his stomach at last. Lin Yuan contently wiped his mouth and said: "It's gotten late, how about we go rest early? There is still a long journey we need to walk tomorrow."
It's already ten o'clock at night, they worked hard all day long. The two must preserve and nurture their spirits to properly carry out to tomorrow's distance. Seeing that Caesar had no objections, Lin Yuan took the shirts and pants that had just been dried by the fire and put them on. He turned, walking over towards the tent.
When Caesar walked into the tent getting dressed, Lin Yuan was right in the middle of arranging the quilt inside.
Seeing that Caesar came in, Lin Yuan was a little embarrassed: "This tent is too small..."
The small tent with a width of only one and a half meters wide has the two boys lying side by side, leaving hardly any gap of space left between them.
Caesar didn't tell Lin Yuan that there was actually two tents handed out in the tent parcel. He only set up one tent. Naturally, it was because it was too cold at night, having the two men sleep in one small tent would make it even more nice and warm and they would also be able to look after each other. They can even conveniently chat to further advance the feelings between the two of them.
As for the tent being too small...
Cough cough, of course this was just because it was made for one person to lie down in.
Caesar secretly hid a tent away, but on the surface he said with a nonchalant face: "It doesn't matter, squeeze in."
Lin Yuan didn't have any good suggestions either.
After all, in the wilderness, how could he have a big bed more than two meters wide for him to roll around on to sleep? Having a tent already is pretty good, at least he doesn't have to sleep outside in gusts of the night's cold winds.
Chapter 075. Wilderness Group Training
After reaching his climax in Caesar's hand, Lin Yuan nestled into Caesar's warm embrace. Just like a fully sated cat, his whole body was lazy and did not want to move. The lingering bliss of that intense pleasure was like a tidal wave that slowly washed through every pore on his body, making Lin Yuan's whole body feel incomparably nice and relaxed.
Probably because he had been injected with inhibitors from a young age, Lin Yuan had been unusually apathetic towards desires and after growing up, he had very rarely masturbated. His interests were all placed in mech operation and all kinds of military matters in history. In this field, he is very inexperienced. And so today, the both strange and intense pleasure that Caesar brought about in his body when he helped him with his hand was just like suddenly opening a door to a new world in front of Lin Yuan's eyes.
—This sort of experience is very new and exciting.
His heartbeat is still just as excessively as fast as before. Lin Yuan took in a deep breath and settled his mind. He adjusted his posture a bit and had just been about to go to sleep when he suddenly felt a hot and hard thing poking right against his abdomen. Through his military pants, that hard thing is like a trapped beast, and when he gets close, he can even feel the fierce throbbing from it.
Caesar's lower part has long-since been achingly hard. Poking against Lin Yuan's lower abdomen separated by his pants, Caesar restrained himself from giving in to the impulse to push the little guy down in front of him. Lightly holding Lin Yuan's hand, he guided his hand and placed it on top of that place. He said in a low voice: "Help me, okay?"
Lin Yuan: "......"
Caesar's deep and low voice reveals a wisp of strange hoarseness, which sounds especially erotic in the quiet tent.
The palm of his hand can feel the distinct outline of his hard length. Lin Yuan hesitated for a moment, then he imitated Caesar's actions and gently reached out his hand to remove his leather belt.
In Lin Yuan's views, no matter if it is a friend or a lover, both of them should treat each other fairly and with reciprocation. Caesar had just helped him a moment ago. He should also help Caesar once. It is best for the two to help each other and not come to mutual grief.
Lin Yuan made a firm resolution and carefully undid Caesar's leather belt.
Since this was the first time he did this kind of thing, Lin Yuan's movements seemed somewhat shaky. He clumsily pulled Caesar's underwear down. His stiff erection immediately sprung out from inside. The scalding heat and the intimidating size made Lin Yuan's scalp burst into a fit of numbness. But he nevertheless bore with the strange feeling of discomfort and lightly held Caesar's length.
While they both have the same equipment, an Alpha's will be much bigger than an Omega's. Lin Yuan nearly couldn't hold it with only one hand, the raised veins and blood vessels exposed on his scalding shaft vigorously pulsated in the palm of his hand. Holding the other side's sensitive region— this sort of feeling is very magical.
Lin Yuan lightly touched it somewhat inquisitively, then imitated Caesar's actions and began to rub his hand along up and down.
—Caesar's whole body was as frozen as a statue.
Past all his expectations, with a casual "help me", Lin Yuan really helped him to his surprise......
This Omega's line of thinking is obviously out of the ordinary. In his view, there is probably no such thing as "shyness". Fellow classmate Lin Yuan is very straightforward, calm, and brazen. In an oversimplified and crude way, he completely comprehends this as a type of "fair principle"—since you helped me, then I will help you too. If we help each other, no one will suffer.
He did not know how much sweetness and torture this kind of action had for Caesar.
Caesar's breathing almost immediately grew heavy.
His erection was being lightly gripped by the Omega he liked. Just imagining that image is enough to make Caesar endlessly stirred up. Let alone that Lin Yuan also has a very high spirit for exploring to learn from Caesar's movements just then. He kneaded his balls and touches the front end for a while, his slender fingers hold his shaft and rhythmically slide up and down. He very earnestly and very patiently moves to win Caesar over.
—Caesar is nearly losing his mind.
His scalding length was being held in Lin Yuan's slightly cooler hand and Caesar felt that he was simply on the brink of the border between heaven and hell.
At first, it was very hard to restrain himself. Lin Yuan's actions were like he was scratching the wrong itch. Surprisingly, however, it caused Caesar's desire to grow even more past what he was capable of enduring. Even his breathing grew heated, filled with impassioned lust.
Lin Yuan tormented him for quite a while yet he found that Caesar hadn't released his desire at all. To his surprise, the thing in the palm of his hand was inconceivably swelling up another size. Lin Yuan almost couldn't wrap his hand around it and his wrists were also a bit sore, but that place of Caesar's didn't give him any face and grew increasingly harder.
Just when Lin Yuan embarrassingly didn't know what to do, Caesar suddenly grabbed Lin Yuan's hand gently, whispering: "Xiao Yuan......"
His deliberately lowered voice makes it seem as if he was putting forth his utmost effort to endure something.
Lin Yuan wanted to loosen his hand, but he suddenly tightened his grip on him.
Caesar tightly held Lin Yuan's hand and immediately sped up the rhythm. Lin Yuan's movements just now were too gentle, it was only tickling him. It was simply more than Caesar could bear! He naturally understands that of his own body very well, he has mastered the intensity and frequency of his movements very skillfully. Only, today's "self-comfort" is completely different than what he is used to. Although he is leading the movement, the layer of Lin Yuan's hand still stands between his hand from his hard-on.
Lin Yuan's hand is still the one in direct contact with his erection.
He was grasped on that place by the slender fingers of Lin Yuan, Caesar felt so pleasurable that he almost wanted to come immediately. He even wanted to directly overwhelm this thick-skinned little guy to eat him up clean on the spot. However, considering the following training assignment, Caesar nevertheless ultimately used his extremely strong self-control to restrain his urges.
Caesar tightly clasped Lin Yuan's hand and set off into rubbing up and down, letting the youth's slender fingers stroke his scalding length over and over again. Only until Lin Yuan's palms were nearly bursting into flames by the violent friction did Caesar suddenly arch his back and finally release.
Lin Yuan's hand was immediately covered with a sticky fluid and an awful lot of it. It almost dirtied his whole palm and some shot at Lin Yuan's lower abdomen.
Caesar caught his breath for a moment, then let go of his hand and took out the communicator to switch on the light. He found a towel and pulled Lin Yuan's hand up. He carefully wiped away clean the stuff he had left behind.
It was very quiet inside the tent, it was so quiet that you could practically distinctly hear the sound of the wind and the cries of the insects outside.
Under the warm yellow light, the male student lowered his head carefully as well as conscientiously wiped his fingers clean for him. A single drop of sweat flowed down the contours of the sharply cut outline of the profile of his face, it looked handsome and sensual.
That picture abruptly made the bottom of Lin Yuan's heart faintly stir. Beyond any reasonable explanation, he extended his only other unoccupied left hand and softly placed it on the top of Caesar's head. Then...... petted him rather like a house pet and gently stroked Caesar's hair.
Caesar was suddenly struck dumb. He raised his head up and was met with Lin Yuan's shining jet-black eyes.
The youth's face still bears a slight trace a red from the post-haze of desire, his face is reflected in his clear eyes. At this moment, he is earnestly as well as single-mindedly looking at himself, the corners of his lips wear a shallow smiling expression. He appears to have something on his mind.
Caesar asked in a soft voice: "What are you thinking about?"
Lin Yuan sincerely said: "I'm thinking that you don't resemble a prince one bit."
Those legendary stories and the royal princes in TV shows which are aloof and remote with awe-inspiring authority and prestige, while Caesar, however, was so low-key and steady. Just now when he injured a part of his leg, he kneeled down on one knee and applied medicine for him. After they finished solving their physical problems, he also attentively found a towel and helped him wipe his hand. If this scene was seen by others, they would definitely think that Lin Yuan was the prince and Caesar was merely the most loyal bodyguard at his side.
Human hearts are not made of stone. How can Lin Yuan not be moved when Caesar treats him like this?
Seeing Caesar's appearance as he lowered his head in front of him, Lin Yuan couldn't help but reach out and touch his head to show encouragement.
This kind of comforting action similar to "smoothing hair" is greatly heartening to Caesar. While Caesar pretending to be undisturbed on the outside, in his mind however he was actually endlessly stirred up.
Lin Yuan finally got things straight and also learned to respond at last.
So, this is the so-called happiness of "
the adjoining clouds will eventually scatter to reveal the bright moon
"?
(
TN
: I liked the imagery it had going on in the original Chinese better but the English equivalent would be "a rainbow comes after every storm.")
***
That night, the two men held each other as they slept in a small tent. It was probably because their bodies had been thoroughly exhausted following their orgasms, but both of them slept very well, and throughout the night they dreamlessly slept until daybreak.
When Lin Yuan woke up, Caesar had long-since gotten out of bed. He lifted the tent flap open to go out and right away was met with the sight of Caesar preparing to light a fire to roast fish. Seeing Lin Yuan, he smiled and said: "Go wash your face real quick and come eat breakfast."
A light gust of wind blew directly at his face, the early morning air of the forest was exceptionally fresh and clean. The melodious trills and calls of the encompassing little birds, the sound of the water in the river flowing to the side, and the rustling sound of the breeze blowing through the tree leaves blended together, making the whole world seem full of life.
The bustling image of Caesar in front of the bonfire nevertheless adds a touch of comfort and warmth to this lively morning.
Lin Yuan turned and walked to the riverside, he took a deep breath of the forest's fresh air. He then crouched down and used the river water to wash his face.
The cold water splashed across his cheeks, his tiredness evaporated and he immediately became full of energy. The smell of roasting fish came from the nearby fire. Although it was wilderness training and so early, Lin Yuan feels it was exceptionally beautiful this morning.
Walking over to the side of the bonfire, Caesar has already finished roasting the fish and habitually handed Lin Yuan the biggest one.
Lin Yuan walked to his side and took a seat. He accepted the fish he had passed over and tore off a chunk of meat and popped it into his mouth— why does he suddenly think that the fish that Caesar personally roasted in the wilderness was even more delicious and tender than the various kinds of simmer-fried and steamed fish in the dining hall?
The two hurriedly ate their fill and then sorted out their luggage before continuing on their way.
Walking forward side by side, they didn't walk for more than a few steps before hearing a peal of sounds, reminiscent of the sound of some animals running. The sounds grew louder and louder, they were quickly getting closer to here, Lin Yuan vigilantly halted his footsteps, Caesar also came to a stop at the same time. The two men stood in their current position back to back with a tacit understanding and clenched the military knife tightly in their hands.
After a short period of time passed, they only saw a herd of white antelopes appear in their field of view. The antelopes seemed to be having a morning exercise session. They disinclined to even glance at the two people and ran straight by the two of them, completely ignoring these two humans.
Lin Yuan: "......"
Caesar: "......"
Until the herd of antelopes faded away into the distance, the two men embarrassedly glanced at each other face to face and couldn't help but simultaneously fall into laughter.
Lin Yuan withdrew the military knife and smiled, saying: "We are too tensed up. I already heard that the most dangerous thing in this forest is the poisonous snakes. Other animals such as reindeer and antelope will not attack humans at all."
Caesar also smiled and said: "En, let's continue on forward, be careful of the ground."
Lin Yuan nodded. "You be careful too. The dead leaves here are very thick. There might be a snake hidden underneath."
Unlike yesterday's heaviness, today's atmosphere is clearly a lot better. Lin Yuan also takes the initiative to talk with Caesar. After going through their exchanges last night, the two seemed to become more deeply connected. When they ran into a few viper attacks along the way, both of them coordinated with each other and averted disaster without a hitch.
By the time it was noon, Lin Yuan and Caesar had already completed walking nearly 90% of the distance they just had the final more than ten kilometers left before they could reach the exit.
The midday weather was sizzling hot, and Caesar suggested they take a quick break. The two found a big tree and sat down in the shade. The roasted fish made by Caesar in the morning that was put in some vacuum-sealed packaging in his backpack was just taken out for lunch.
In the wilderness, they can only be self-sufficient with their food. After eating fish for two days in a row, the fish meat that he had just begun to think was delicious and tasty was also becoming bland as he ate it now. But it is already pretty good that he is able to fill his stomach. Lin Yuan is not picky about food either and swallows a few mouthfuls of fish meat down to quell the emptiness of his stomach.
After half an hour of rest, their physical strength almost fully recovered, and the two got up and started their journey.
Lin Yuan stood up and patted the dirt on his trousers. He suddenly heard a "ding" sound coming from underneath his feet. It seemed that he had stepped on something. Lin Yuan distrustfully used the branches to poke away the thick leaves on the ground. The only thing hiding underneath the cover of the dead leaves was an unmoving circular metal object lying still on the ground.
Lin Yuan squatted down to take a closer look and finally recognized it—
A military badge.
On the backside of all the badges will have the flying eagle logo of the Emperor's XX Department engraved upon it, which is naturally the symbol of the Emperor's XX Department. But the decorative design on the front side of the badge varies greatly legion to legion. For example, the Hydra Legion will have a dark green serpentine totem engraved. The badge of the Rose Legion will have a white background with a platinum-gold trimmed Japanese rose flower. The badge of the Glory Legion has a golden sun design engraved on it......
At present, the badge that Lin Yuan saw is a dark purple on the front side and is engraved with the logo of thunder and lightning. The edge is plated with gold that glistens under the light of the sunshine. The craftsmanship of the badge is very fine. Even though it has been left behind in the forest for many years, after wiping it off, it will be just as bright as before without the slightest signs of rust.
A purple badge...... This should be the hallmark of the Thunder Legion.
For what reason would a badge of the Thunder Legion appear in this forest?
Seeing that Lin Yuan squatted down and was looking at something there, Caesar walked up to his side and asked, "What's going on?"
Lin Yuan stood up and passively picked up the badge on the ground and passed it over to Caesar, "I found this on the ground."
Caesar took it and gave it a look, he said in confusion: "A badge of the Thunder Legion? What is this doing here?"
Lin Yuan also said in confusion: "I think it is a bit strange too, I remember that the Thunder Legion has always been stationed in the Capital Star, isn't that so?"
Caesar slightly pursed his brows.
There are quite a few large galaxies administrative regions in the Empire, and each of the six major legions is responsible for their own duties. The Glory Legion led by Rosen is responsible for warfare on the front line. General Auguste Orlando of the Thunder Legion and General Udir Shaman of the Rose Legion have always led their troops to be stationed in the Cepheus Galaxy, and several other legions also ordinarily station themselves in their respective galaxies.
Each soldier of the Empire should receive the badge of a Legion after he or she officially becomes a member of the Legion. He or she is required to wear it on their military uniform to mark them as a member of the Legion. This kind of badge hold extremely important significance to a soldier, it is absolutely impossible for it to have been voluntarily abandoned.
Caesar looked at the badge in his hand and was silent for a moment. He said in a low voice: "Let's look around in the nearby vicinity, there might be other discoveries."
Lin Yuan also has this intention, the two looked at each other face to face, and no longer spoke any superfluous words. They very well-coordinatedly went to individually look around
A moment later, Lin Yuan found another badge in the grass three meters away in the underbrush, and Caesar also found one under a tree.
The two met up once again and put the three badges together. Neither of them said anything for a short while.
—These three badges are like carbon copies, all of them are the badges of the Thunder Legion. The purple front side and the golden bordered rim are luminously dazzling, shining under the rays of light. Because badges of legions do not change easily, they can't make out which period of time these badges are a part of.
Caesar was silent for a moment and whispered: "There are two possibilities. First, several soldiers of the Thunder Legion accidentally left their badges here when they passed by, however, there are three badges. The probability of three people simultaneously leaving them behind is honestly way too low...... Second is that the owners of the badges deliberately or possibly were compelled by circumstances to leave them behind here."
Caesar paused, "If it is the second case, then owners of these badges...... it all probably points to disaster."
Lin Yuan thought about it and felt that Caesar's inferences were very reasonable.
The probability that three people lost their badges in the same place is honestly way too small. Unless there something had happened here, such as fighting, possible dangers, or even a danger to their lives, that would be the reason why the badge that soldiers regard as their convictions would be simultaneously left behind.
Lin Yuan looked to Caesar and said: "But the Thunder Legion has always been stationed in the constellation of Cepheus. Could anyone have come to the Po Military Starfield?"
Caesar twirled a purple badge gently between his fingers, he was also pondering over this issue. The Legion Administration is very strict, why would the badge of the Thunder Legion appear in the Po Military Starfield after being stationed in the Capital Star for such a long time?
Ever since he was able to coherently think, he has never heard of the Thunder Corps ever coming to Po Military Starfield.
As a military base, the Po Military Starfield has always been supervised by the Hydra Legion. The Hydra Legion is also in charge of each military exercise. Not too long ago, Udir suddenly came here with the Rose Legion. Apart from this, none of the other legions should have crossed over here.
Could it be that it had been many years ago? Such as...... before I was born?
In the eyes of Caesar, an intuitive gleam suddenly flashed in his eyes. His fingers holding the badge slightly tensed up. Turning his head back to look at Lin Yuan, he said: "19 years ago, Suzaku arbitrarily escaped from the constellation of Cepheus. It was precisely the Thunder Legion and the Phantom Legion with their two S-Class mechs who were in charge of hunting it down!"Lin Yuan's stare went blank and he immediately came to a realization, "That's right, Suzaku told me that the two mechs are called Comet and Phantom, respectively, belonging to the Thunder Legion's General Auguste Orlando and the Phantom Legion's General Ivan Stork."
Caesar nodded and said: "In the process of their punishment at that time, in addition to the two Generals' S-Class mechs, there were still innumerable warships from the two Legions that followed and provided support. Suzaku ultimately used up its power-source under the joint pursuit and attack of the two mechs. The placement of the landing...... was the Po Military Starfield."
"......" Lin Yuan was momentarily silent.
Although Suzaku had swept past this memory, sketching it out in light shades, Lin Yuan could nevertheless guess that during those years when its Master had committed the so-called "great crime", it had also been sentenced to life imprisonment. It had continuously fled from the constellation of Cepheus to the Po Military Starfield where it had then been hopelessly cornered into a dead end by the joint pursuit of the two S-Class mech's.
In those years, Po Military Starfield was the end of its flight.
After Suzaku was arrested, there would inevitably be new problems that would crop up out of nowhere, and so the two generals just directly used the top floor of the museum as Suzaku's prison.
Lin Yuan looked at the badge in Caesar's hand and asked with a complicated expression: "Do you mean that the owners of these badges might have something to do with the matter of Suzaku being put under arrest all those years ago?"
Caesar nodded, softly saying: "This is just my conjecture. Since as I remember it, the Thunder Legion has never been to the Po Military Starfield before. It was only when Suzaku has hunted down 19 years ago that some soldiers and officers followed along and came here together with General Orlando. "
The two men were mutually silent for a moment, Caesar lightly put his hand on Lin Yuan's shoulder and turned his head back to look at him, "Don't worry, put away the badges first. After we go back, we can ask Suzaku. If it's really related to it, we will find a way to get to the bottom of this matter."
Lin Yuan nodded and carefully put the three badges away.
***
At that same moment, inside the highest level confidential meeting room of the Emperor's XX Department.
Because every General of the major legions are presently in different areas and each is also preoccupied with military affairs, it is indeed way too troublesome to hold a meeting in the Capital Star. This upcoming meeting has employed the method of a long-distance network meeting. All of the regimental commanders of the military use the highest authority password to directly enter into the closed virtual network meeting room for discussion.
At 4:30 in the afternoon, the heads of the six major legions of the military eventually are all punctually present.
There are two main driving points for this meeting. One is the application General Udir submitted to transfer the Rose Legion to the Po Military Starfield, and the other is the proposal Rosen put forward to recapture the jurisdiction and authority of the Isville Galaxy right after the anniversary of the Empire.
The Isville Galaxy is enriched with natural resources. Its various kinds of minerals and raw material reserves even surpass that of Cigar Galaxy by double the amount.
Because this galaxy resides on the common boundary at the junction between the Federation and the Empire's Administrative Region, both sides want to fight over it. Nineteen years ago, the previously appointed Marshal had dispatched Ling Yu to lead the Dark Night Legion to mount a sneak attack on Naomi Star. But somehow, the Federations hostile forces had heard the wind of it in advance. The Dark Night Legion led by Ling Yu was met with an ambush near the Naomi Star. Fortunately, Rosen had good foresight to come to the scene without delay and assist Ling Yu. Even though Ling Yu was on the verge of collapse due to the failure of his inhibitor, he nevertheless still relied on his last bit of calm to let the Dark Night Legion successfully withdraw.
Since then, the Isville Galaxy has been occupied by the Federation Legion.
Over the years, Rosen has always wanted to seize the Isville Galaxy, but it has been delayed for various reasons. The other legion commanders of the military each stick to their own opinions and argue to no end. This proposal has never been passed either
This time, after the 600th Anniversary Celebration of the Empire, Rosen once again raised this proposal to campaign for the Isville Galaxy.
In addition to the rich energy reserves being a great asset for the Empire, there is another reason—
The campaigning mission for Naomi that Ling Yu had not complete back then, this is the biggest regret of Ling Yu's military career.
—If he did not complete the mission, then give it to me to complete.
Rosen's gaze unhurriedly swept across the faces of his five colleagues and he calmly began to talk: "About my proposal, we will initiate the voting process now."
(
TN
: And so the next arc begins... Who can guess will be in the spotlight this time~? And on the other hand. The name has been like officially changed? It went from 軍校生 (Cadets) to 在校生 (Students in School)? Or maybe (Enrolled Students)? Whatever. Something like that. We got three options here. Tell me what you think. I'll do what the masses want don't be afraid to call me dumb for even fretting about this. I don't bite, that's Caesar's job.)
1. Just change the name, it's not a big deal!
2. Leave it how it is, just make a note of it somewhere!
3. Waver between these options. You don't know anything. You are a fool. Steep in all of the terrible decisions you could be making by deciding. Suffer.
Chapter 076. Going into Battle
(
TN
: General Auguste Orlando has been changed to General Auguste Olaf)
As soon as Rosen's words left his mouth, the entire conference room suddenly silenced.
Among the several generalissimos in the military, Rosen is also the one who is the most obsessed over gaining jurisdiction of the Isville Galaxy.
This galaxy had originally been an uninhabited area situated near the border of the Empire. The rich energy reserves contained in the celestial bodies possess great importance to the development of the Empire. The former Marshal always wanted to occupy the Isville Galaxy, but a variety of reasons lead to the sneak attack mission failing in those years. The chief commander, Ling Yu, was expelled from the military registry and the former Marshal later died of an illness. This matter had been continuously thrown to the side.
In these few years since taking over as the Marshal, Rosen had repeatedly raised the proposal to seize Naomi Star, but the other heads of the legions voted against it.
Those celestial bodies would not only bring about a plentiful power source to the Empire but, just its geographical location alone is a space stronghold in the cosmos and a place that military strategists would certainly vie for. Rosen's determination to seize Naomi Star has always been very firm. If it were not for the military having a stipulation that "major resolutions must be decided by having all of the heads of legions vote ", Rosen would have brought his Glory Legion over to attack it a long time ago.
After a full two years of ample preparation, Rosen yet again put this previously vetoed proposal forward on the agenda.
Udir is still wearing a smile on his face. In the military's top-secret regimental command meeting, he is as calm and leisurely as if he were sitting in his dining room sipping on a coffee. His blue eyes glance over Rosen, he twirls the electronic voting pen between the fingers on his right hand and said with a smile: "The substance of Marshal's proposal this time seems to be written verbatim to the other one that was vetoed two years ago?"
Rosen nodded and said nonchalantly: "I had already written my justifications very clearly in the proposal. Naomi Star's importance to the Empire is self-evident, we must occupy it as soon as possible."
Rosen's indifferent gaze swept across the other five generals, "At the beginning of this year, the Pearl 731 passenger ship was suddenly hijacked by the Federation's hostile forces. According to the results of my investigation, the Federation's Greedy Wolf Legion had just entered the gap of a wormhole in the nearby cosmos of Naomi Star and jumped straight to the Imperial Cigar Galaxy. If this kind of thing goes on, then the several galaxies on the Imperial Frontier, not even the peoples' safety can be guaranteed! "
Apart from campaigning the Naomi Star, he also wants to complete the mission that Ling Yu didn't complete in those years. The Federation's exploitation of Naomi Star as a footrest to constantly harass people living on the border has pushed Rosen to the breaking point.
Rosen's bearing was very firm and his voice when he spoke was sonorous and powerful.
This Undefeated God of War, world-famous for his ruthlessness, has never once lost a battle since he took over as Marshal. He is very confident in capturing Naomi Star. However, as the rules passed down in the military over the last several hundred years state, any proposal that a high-ranking military officer raises must be passed through another five high-ranking military officers and reach a decision through a vote. He cannot take it upon himself.
Each of the previous proposals was three votes opposed, one vote in favor, and one vote neutral...... In favor of Rosen was his only close friend in the military, General Drew Bayh of the Hydra Legion. The one who kept a neutral approach was naturally Udir Shaman who took attending meetings as going to a tea party.
The other three people were unanimously opposed.
Rosen cast his gaze on the face of the general sitting to his right.
—the head of the Thunder Legion, the heir to the Olaf Family, Auguste.
This man's age already exceeds 180 years and he is currently the oldest out of the several military generals. However, the age of one hundred and eighty nowadays in this era can still be said to be the prime of one's life. General Olaf still looks very spirited. The man's facial features look as if they had been carved with a knife and his pair of brown eyes that were just as sharp as an eagle's. His dark, almost black, deep purple military uniform makes his figure look increasingly well-built. The four golden stars that lay abreast on his shoulders shine and glisten. Just calmly sitting there gives an intense feeling of oppression to a person.
Auguste turned his head around and brought Rosen's tranquil gaze into contact with his own. This man unexpectedly gave out a rare smile and said in a low voice: "It seems that the Marshal with regards to occupying Naomi Star is determined to win? In this case, I believe Marshal can continue maintaining his record of undefeated military victories."
After he finished saying that, he pressed the voting device in his hand.
A green squared box appears on the big screen in the conference room, indicating that his vote is...... an affirmative vote.
Rosen was lost for words, he did not expect General Olaf to vote in favor today.
Drew and Rosen were roommates in their college years. In the military, the proposal Rosen raised did not involve any principled issues. Drew always voted in favor. Naturally, this time was no different and he bluntly nodded in favor.
The two generals of the Star Legion and the Phantom Legion continued to cast a dissenting vote. The reason was that the Empire and the Federation had been waging war for many years, wasting manpower and resources. The Emperor's XX Department should place the highest importance on defense. They do not need to go attack the enemy at Naomi Star of their own accord.
Two votes in favor, two votes against, there was still the final key vote.
Rosen turned his sights to Udir. Udir smiled and touched his chin, saying: "It seems that I can no longer continue to be neutral?"
When the number of votes for and against are equal, the final vote is not allowed to be neutral or abstain. Otherwise, the proposal would have to be voted on once again.
Udir lowered his head thoughtfully, taking another look at the proposal in the e-reader, and finally, under Rosen's penetrating stare-down, he pressed down an approval with a beaming smile.
Rosen could finally relax.
Next, Udir's proposal was also voted on, and all five votes for the proposal of the Rose Legion's transfer to the Po Military Starfield passed it through. None of the generals had any objection to this. They then went on and each head of the military briefly reported the trends of each major legion during this time. The meeting soon came to a close.
As he was leaving the conference room, General Byron Warwick of the Star Legion suddenly walked in front of Rosen and said with a grave expression: "Although I still disapprove of you campaigning Naomi Star, however since the proposal has already passed, I hope that you can lead the Glory Legion to win a victory as soon as you raise your flag in this battle."
Rosen nodded and said: "I will keep your well wishes in mind."
The six generals left one after another and the 3D simulation conference room set up through the network quickly became deserted without a single soul in sight.
***
At this moment, Caesar and Lin Yuan had put away the badges and continued to move forward. On the whole way there, they repeatedly escaped from the jaws of danger. At 4:30 in the afternoon, they smoothly made it out of Köln Forest.
What Lin Yuan didn't expect was that Baker, Karl, Bertha, and the others had already reached the endpoint. He and Caesar were considered to be quite slow.
After seeing Lin Yuan, fellow classmate Baker very excitedly came over and said: "Boss, Karl and I were 10 minutes faster than you and we took the first place! Did you and Caesar run into something unexpected? With the two of your levels, you shouldn't be this slow."
Lin Yuan smiled and said: "En, we were held up by a bunch of snakes for a while."
In reality, it took a long time to try and find the badges with Caesar, otherwise, they should have arrived here by four o'clock. However, Lin Yuan did not want to tell others about the matter of the badges, he had no choice but to use a group of snakes as an excuse.
Karl also walked up to Lin Yuan and smiled, saying: "How was it? Did the two days and one night pass by fairly smoothly?"
Lin Yuan looked back at Caesar with a glance, and Caesar also just happened to be looking at him. The two looked at each other. Lin Yuan suddenly recalled that two people lying down in the tent last night, covered under the same quilt, holding the other party's sensitive thing, and using each other's hands to......
As soon as he thought of those scenes, he felt both of his ears grow hot. Lin Yuan hurriedly moved his line of sight off of Caesar's face.
Caesar came over, as if to announce his rights of possession, he gently threw his arm around Lin Yuan's shoulder and said to Karl with a smile: "Not bad, it went quite smoothly."
—the two of them smoothly entered into the same quilt and solved one another's physical problems with their hands.
Lin Yuan seemed to understand the meaning of his words and his ears went slightly red.
***
Two days of group field training finally came to a close. The 50 students of the Command Department successfully completed the assessment. With a large-scale suspension vehicle, the group of people returned to school under the guidance of Instructor Knox. When they had initially set off, each and every person was lively and full of enthusiasm. When it came to the trip back however, their heads were all orderly hung down as if they were wilted flowers.
Two days of surviving in the wilderness is both tiring and famishing, everyone honestly had no real interest in chatting, the majority of them conked out in the car.
Lin Yuan felt no need to sleep, he actually was so extremely hungry that his stomach was growling nonstop.
For a big eater like him, eating that sort of wild roasted fish without any seasoning for two days straight is truly not filling enough. He eagerly thought of going to the dining hall to pig out after arriving at the school. Unexpectedly, as soon as he arrived at the school, he suddenly received a notice from the Class Teacher, Instructor Irene, asking for him to immediately head to her office when he got to school.
The suspension car arrived at St. Romia Military Academy on schedule at six o'clock, the other students urgently rushed to the dining hall to eat— because the military academy provided three meals a day on a very strict schedule. The evening meal is from 5 to 6:30, anything beyond this time and you would have no other choice but to wait for the 9:00 pm midnight snack. The completely starved students naturally dashed to the dining hall at the quickest possible speed.
Because Instructor Irene had something to call on him for, Lin Yuan could only bear with the emptiness of his stomach and walk alone to Instructor Irene's office.
He knocked on the door and heard the crystal-clear voice of the female instructor coming from the inside: "Come in!"
Lin Yuan pushed the door open. Irene in the middle of sorting out documents in front of her office desk. She was still wearing her full military uniform in the office, the Beta woman's appearance with her tall frame donned in her military uniform gave off a valiant and formidable air.
Lin Yuan had a very subtle sense of affection towards this female instructor and her husband, Instructor Knox, probably due to knowing that they had previously served in the Dark Night Legion.
Seeing Irene lift her head up, Lin Yuan immediately stood to attention in front of her and saluted, saying: "Instructor! You were looking for me?"
Irene smiled a bit and said: "The school must choose the best to be put into a group of outstanding students and award both honorary certificates and a large number of scholarships. Only one person can be chosen per class. In order to be fair, after you go back, let the students anonymously vote, gather and report the results to me before the weekend."
Lin Yuan nodded, "Okay."
Irene then went on to hand another document over to him, "There is also this, this is the latest notice passed down by the school. Our military academy has always used the academic year system. The curriculum reform from this year on has started the process of converting to a semester system. The corresponding class timetables, examination periods and as well as vacation arrangements have been revised. They have also all been registered online. After you go back, inform your classmates to go download the latest school calendar and testing arrangements."
Lin Yuan nodded and said: "Understood, Instructor!"
Lin Yuan bowed his head as he came out of Instructor Irene's office with the notices in his hands and walked towards the direction of the dining hall.
This document that was stamped with the official seal of the School's Educational Administration Section was the latest notice passed down concerning the curriculum adjustment. The St. Romia Military Academy had formerly used the academic year system, ten months was one school year, and then they were let out for two months on vacation. After three academic years, they'd graduate. Now, it's going to change to a semester system, five months is one semester, and then they would be let go for a one-month vacation, and they will graduate after six individual semesters.
Because of the conversion to a semester system, an awful lot of courses have been distributed to different semesters, and moreover, a large number of elective courses have also been added. Compared with the joint examination of many subjects for ten months in a row, this kind of semester system alleviates a lot of the psychological pressure on students.
Lin Yuan was somewhat excited thinking about it, with this kind of reform, he would be able to go home on vacation in three months.
Lin Yuan immediately told his mother about this good news. Mrs. Lin and Lin Yao both appeared to be very excited. Lin Yao even said that she would wait for her little brother to come back and give him a type of pastries she made from her latest experimentation......
When his older sister mentioned pastries, Lin Yuan only then found that his stomach was already flat as a board.
Turning off the communicator, he sped-walked to the doorway of the dining hall. Lin Yuan was suddenly struck dumb— he was only met with the sight of the completely bereft space in the dining hall. Obviously, dinner time has passed. If you want to eat something, you have to wait until 9 o'clock for the late-night snack run.
Lin Yuan rubbed his completely empty stomach and dejectedly drooped his head on his way back to the dormitory.
Unexpectedly, as soon as he opened the door, he could smell a rich aroma. Lin Yuan followed after the smell and saw that Caesar was wrapped around in an apron and right in the middle of cooking in the kitchen. Brian was assisting beside him on one hand while still directing Caesar's actions on the other.
Snow sat down in the kitchen with a calm and unperturbed face as he read a book. When he saw Lin Yuan come in, he turned his head around and said: "Come take a seat, dinner will be ready soon."
Lin Yuan walked over to him in shock and sat down across from him, pointing his finger at the kitchen,"The two of them are personally preparing a meal?"
Snow said faintly: "En. Caesar said that in the forest, the two of you had eaten roasted fish for two days. He wanted to make the food a bit better, so he bought a huge pile of vegetables and came back. Brian is teaching him how to do it. He's almost done making it, he was just waiting on you to come back to start eating."
Lin Yuan: "..............."
There certainly wouldn't be anything to eat at the dining hall at this time. Caesar conscientiously bought food and then brought it back to the dormitory just now to make dinner. The so-called improving food was obviously in order to wait for an absolutely starving little monster to come back and eat dinner.
Lin Yuan went back and watched Caesar bustling about in an apron making a show of being very earnest. While he thought it was funny, his heart also couldn't help but feel somewhat moved. Just like a warm stream of water slowly flowing inside his body, the comfortably warm feeling suddenly filled his entire heart.
When I returned to the dormitory terribly hungry, there was someone there preparing dinner for me......
This kind of feeling is really nice.
Soon, Caesar and Brian came out with a table full of rich vegetable and meat dishes. Seeing that Lin Yuan was salivating, Caesar handed him a pair of chopsticks and smiled, saying: "Come eat."
Lin Yuan hurriedly tried a few mouthfuls. He exclaimed in admiration saying: "You're the one who made this dish"
Caesar nodded his head: "En, this is my first time cooking, is the flavor okay?"
Lin Yuan rushed to say: "Very delicious!"
Caesar picked out some more dishes to give to him with a gentle gaze. The nearly starved to death Lin Yuan was solely preoccupied with immersing himself with eating, the bowl in front of him is piled up high by Caesar.
Brian questioningly took a look at Caesar and then took a look at Lin Yuan. After watching for a while, he suddenly thought— is the atmosphere between these two more intimate than it was before? How did this feeling of the two of them being in their own world and acting as though there was nobody else present come about? Could some "happy event" have happened during the wilderness survival training?
***
After they finished eating the meal, Caesar and Brian went to the kitchen to sort out the numerous vegetables they bought. Lin Yuan took the documents from Instructor Irene and transmitted the notice down to the dormitories one by one. While he was there, he asked everyone to send an anonymous email to their email inbox to select the outstanding students on the basis of a vote.
Dormitories were notified one by one until it was already 7:00 pm, Lin Yuan returned to the dormitory and knocked on Caesar's bedroom door. When Caesar got to the bedroom door, he had just recently finished bathing. He wore his nightwear and the ends of his hair were still dripping wet. Lin Yuan handed the notice over to him, he patiently explained and considerately told him to go to the website to download the new class schedule.
When Caesar saw Lin Yuan's serious appearance, he can't help but smile and say: "Okay, I got it Squad Leader, Sir."
Lin Yuan also felt that his formal dialogue with Caesar was somewhat ridiculous, he soon put the documents away and turned around and sat down on the sofa in Caesar's bedroom, he raised his head up and said: "Oh yeah, that's right. Caesar, the badges we found today, how about we have Suzaku come out a take a look?"
Caesar also sat down beside him and turned around to say: "Go ask Suzaku and see if it remembers or not."
Lin Yuan called Suzaku out. Suzaku looked at the badges and hurriedly said: "Master, I remember, this is the badge of the Thunder Legion."
Caesar asked: "Who was responsible for pursuing you back then? Do you have any impression of them?"
Suzaku thought about it and said: "General Auguste Olaf's mech, Comet and General Ivan Stork's mech, Phantom. Apart from those two mechs. There were some personal guard forces who followed them. I didn't know those people, I didn't recognize them either."
Lin Yuan and Caesar looked at each other. According to Caesar's inference, these badges should have been left behind back when the soldiers of the Thunder Legion went across Po Military Starfield to hunt Suzaku down. But who was who is not concrete, and after asking Suzaku, they still haven't gained anything. They only know that to have been able to participate in the hunting operation for Suzaku, those people must have been trusted aides of General Olaf...... This will be quite difficult to look into then.
The two of them were silent for a while, and then right at this moment, Lin Yuan's communicator suddenly lit up.
—it is a communication request from Rosen.
Lin Yuan immediately connected to the communicator, Marshal Rosen's face quickly appeared on the holographic screen in front of him. The man dressed in a pure black military uniform was just as expressionless as before, however, after his eyes landed on Lin Yuan, the man's gaze visibly grew soft.
Rosen looked at his son and said in a low voice: "Xiao Yuan, I will be leading the Glory Legion into battle tomorrow, I don't know when I will come back. You take proper care of yourself at school. If anything happens, you can directly connect to Black Dragon's communicator. "
Lin Yuan's stare went blank, "......into battle?"
Although he knew that as the head of the Glory Legion, his father can't avoid rushing to the battlefields. In addition, his reputation as the Undefeated God of War also stood to testament the Glory Legion's invincible strength and their triumph in every battle......
But the strange uneasiness that suddenly sprung up in his heart nevertheless made Lin Yuan somewhat anxious.
Lin Yuan looked up at his father and earnestly said: "Father, please be sure to take good care of yourself, I will wait for you to come back."
Rosen smiled and said: "There's no need to worry, I am fairly confident in my odds of success this battle."
Caesar also stood up and respectfully said: "Marshal, please take care of yourself."
Lin Yuan originally also wanted to tell his father about the matter of the badges, but what he and Caesar have is merely inferred and completely unfounded. With his father on the verge of going into battle, it's hard to say if these trifling matters would make him distracted. Lin Yuan had to endure it for the time being and say: "Go ahead, you must be busy. I will be careful. I will inject the inhibitor on time. My body has been examined and there weren't any issues."
Rosen nodded towards the two of them, and then turned off his communicator.
The room was quiet for a while, and seeing that Lin Yuan's complexion was a bit unsightly, Caesar softly asked:"What's wrong?"
Lin Yuan said softly: "I have a very bad feeling...... I feel that my father will run into trouble this time...... "
Caesar hurriedly threw his arm lightly around his shoulders and gently comforted him: "Don't worry, since the Marshal actively chose to go into battle, he must be awfully sure of the outcome. We should believe him. The Glory Legion's combat ability is the strongest in the Empire, he has never lost before either...... Don't overthink it, he will come back safe and sound."
Lin Yuan was silent for a moment, he finally slightly nodded and said: "I hope everything goes well for him."
***
In that same moment, Naomi Star's underground military base.
Ling Yu's communicator suddenly lit up. A complicated line of character of the highest-level ciphertext passed through the space station between the galaxy many times and was finally put through. At last, it was smoothly transmitted into his hands.
After the ciphertext was deciphered, there was only one line of words—
Rosen was on the eve of leading the Glory Legion on a campaign to Naomi Star and to prepare for cover.
Ling Yu slightly frowned, deleted the ciphertext, and then turned around to enter the command room.
Soon, there was a cold and tranquil voice simultaneously sounded in the earpieces of all of the officers throughout the whole underground base. He spoke clearly, word by word: "All officers above the colonel rank will promptly arrive at the command headquarters within three minutes! The base will be entering the first-level alert state!"
Countdown to 10, 9, 8......
The underground base suddenly echoed with the pleasant roaring sound of the first-level alert signal.
The author has something to say:
The dads will see each other very soon, ai, these past few days have been so cold *pitifully weeping. My hands have quickly become frozen stiff, give me a little warmth my dear fans!
(
TN
: Sigh, Lin Yuan's conversation with Rosen raised so many red flags. But hey~ The author has spoken! Their meeting is imminent! I didn't even need to spoil all of you, the author did it for me! Ling Yu! No more running now, Papa Rosen is on his way over!)
Chapter 077. War
The next day at eight o'clock in the morning, Rosen led the Glory Legion to set off from Cepheus as per schedule. After departing from Cepheus Galaxy, Rosen immediately gave an order to the entire regiment to make four consecutive space jumps— directly jumping near the Isville Galaxy.
The distance between the Cepheus Galaxy and the Isville Galaxy is very far. If you were to slowly navigate along the space channel of the universe, it's estimated that it will take more than half a month to be able to arrive. Such a thing would be quite likely to raise the Legions of the Federation's guard.
Although this method of this space jumping is dangerous, it, however, has undoubtedly greatly cut down their travel time.
They can suddenly unleash an attack by speedily jumping to target galaxies, leaving the Federation's Legions unprepared.
Before starting the campaign, Rosen had already reviewed the cosmic star atlas repeatedly and discussed with several of the high-ranking military officers under his subordination to draw up a navigation route— the endpoint of the Glory Legion's jumps happened to be in an area right near the Cosmic Space Station on the outer edge of the Isville Galaxy. That place is the only way to enter Naomi Star, it's just as important as a person's throat.
So long as they occupy that space stronghold, the Greedy Wolf Legion cannot obtain timely assistance, and dealing with them will be just like child's play.
Rosen has fought with the Federation's Legions hand to hand several times over the years. He knows their military strength and their usual combat practices inside and out. As the Empire's Undefeated God of War, Rosen has never fought an uncertain battle. Each step of the plan for this upcoming surprise attack on Naomi Star has gone through repeated considerations and verifications from strategy formulation to route calculation, it was nearly flawless. Rosen is also full of confidence for this upcoming surprise attack.
At nine o'clock in the evening, a large number of the Glory Legion's Vanguard Units successfully jumped to the destination. From within the command room where Rosen was located, it then echoed with the information sent over from the Vanguard Reconnaissance Unit: "Marshal! This is the Vanguard Reconnaissance Warship C-11, no unusual space alterations were detected within a range encompassing 3 light-years and no traces of the Federation's enemy troops were found. The troops stationed at the space station are tentatively estimated to be three battalions!"
Rosen nodded and firmly waved his hand, "Move out!"
Under this command, the Glory Legion's command carrier and a large number of warships executed a space jump in unison, the surrounding space in the universe suddenly appeared to be torn and distorted. The floating dust in the universe was carried up by this airflow with a violent whirlwind.
Black warships by the tens of thousands were thonged together like a densely packed swarm of bees. Located in the center was the Glory Legion's command carrier, the red aureole rapidly spread out around it, lighting up the entire night sky like a dazzling flame!
Three of the Vanguard Unit's light-energy cannons dragged long trails of white light behind them and attacked the Cosmic Space Station with lightning speed!
Boom—!
The flames of the explosion were like resplendent fireworks in full bloom at night. The space station abruptly rang out an ear-piercing alarm. Then, five consecutive electromagnetic interference bombs exploded one after another and the communication line of the entire space station was immediately cut off. The surroundings suddenly gave off a black smoke!
In the darkness of the sky, the pure black warships neatly dispersed and encircled the space station at the fastest possible speed. The red indicator lights on the warships emitted the same frightening radiance as the eyes of a hunter in the night.
In just three short minutes, the Glory Legion completely occupied Naomi Star's space station.
However, right at this moment, the sound of a deafening explosion suddenly came from the Legion far behind the front line, and three unmanned reconnaissance warships were suddenly blown into pieces! Then, a large number of golden warships proceeded to execute space jump out from the rear of the Glory Legion like flowing water. At the same time, thousands of silver-white warships orderly flew over from the direction of Naomi Star!
The Glory Legion that had originally surrounded the space station was instead suddenly surrounded by two of the Federation's major legions!
—The Greedy Wolf Legion is marked by the wolf-shaped totems on their silver warships and the Falcon Legion is marked by the falcon-shaped designs on their golden warships. The two main forces of the Federation are grouped together like they had been prepared long ago. One after the other, they formed a pincer attack against the Glory Legion!
Rosen faintly pursed his brows.
He suddenly recalled that in the military campaign 19 years ago where Ling Yu led his troops to form a surprise attack against Naomi Star, there was also an unexpected ambush from the Greedy Wolf Legion. It was as if the opposing side had received wind of the attack and was prepared well in advance.
This time, he led his own troops out. Not only was it highly secretive, but it was also suddenly decided to make four consecutive space jumps to reach Naomi Star within a single day— why does the opposing side still appear to be just as well-prepared as before?
A traitor in the military.....?
This idea that swept through his mind in a flash was then interrupted by the loud bang of a mech exploding in the distance!
At the same time, the Glory's command carrier received a communication request from the Federation, Rosen's eyebrows wrinkled and he switched his communicator on. He then saw a familiar face displayed on the screen— the man had handsome looks. He was dressed in a pure white military uniform from head to toe with a touch of a coquettish smile on the corners of his lips. He was leisurely sat in his command chair and he politely smiles at Rosen: "My dear Rosen, we meet yet again."
—this man is the head of the Federation's Greedy Wolf Legion, known as the Crafty Demon, General Vladimir.
Vladimir slightly raised his chin up, his penetrating gaze staring straight at Rosen's eyes, saying word by word: "It's truly a pity that today will be the day of your death. You will soon go down and be buried next to your Omega. Doesn't that make you a bit happy if you think of it this way?"
Rosen looked at him coldly, "Don't get in a cheerful mood so quickly."
He then firmly cut off the communicator after he finished his words.
Rosen calmly observed the surrounding situation and nonchalantly issued an order in the microphone of the Commander's dedicated line: "The 6th Division and the 7th Division are changing directions and individually attack the left and right wings of the Falcon Legion! The Vanguard Unit will break out of the enclosure in two routes! The 9th Division will be behind me and face the enemy head-on!"
The Deputy Commander, Lieutenant General Victor, immediately advised against it: "Marshal, this is too dangerous, you don't need to personally......"
Rosen held out his hand to put a stop to his dissuasion, he said in a low voice: "Open the command carrier hatch door at once— Black Dragon, go!"
"Understood!" Black Dragon who heard it's Master's summons, immediately came out from the space button and brought Rosen out from the hatch door of the Glory command carrier and rose into the air!
The black mech's form launches into its fullest form in the boundless cosmos. The shining golden pupils of its eyes glisten and its sheer size gives off a terrifying pressure. The highest level attacking system in the mech is immediately activated and Black Dragon's tail suddenly lashes out. In its desire to mount a sneak attack, it directly smashes the side of a warship into pieces. At the same time, three light bombs are shot out from its mouth, hurling towards the enemy with a beautifully arched trajectory at the Federation's Greedy Wolf Legion—
***
Naomi Star's Underground Military Base, inside the head commanding room.
Ling Yu stood in front of the commanding podium, his gaze was tightly locked on the monitoring image inside the holographic screen. The look of the young General's face was very cold. Although his facial expression was undisturbed, the palm of his hand, which was being held in a light grip, however, could reveal the trace of worry at the bottom of his heart.
In the screen, the shrunken image is the real-time image projection of the universe. The densely packed small black dots are the Empire's Glory Legion, and the small golden dots suddenly appearing in the rear are evidently the Federation's Falcon Legion.
The Falcon Legion launched a sudden attack, and a large amount of the unmanned reconnaissance craft at the rear of the Glory Legion was blown into pieces.
Looking at the rising fires of war in the screen, Ling Yu's eyebrows faintly wrinkled, and he gently clenched his hands to keep his mind calm—
Rosen was on the Glory's command carrier, although he unexpectedly encountered the Federation's Falcon Legion's sneak attack from the rear, with his commanding level, there should be no problem making it through after ten minutes.
At this moment, an officer's voice suddenly came from within the command room: "General, the reconnaissance team has come to report that the large armed forces of the Greedy Wolf Legion have already set off for the space station!"
Ling Yu's eyes lit up and he immediately opened his mouth to say: "Prepare Air-Guided Missle #1— "
In a certain hidden forest of Naomi Star, a huge crack suddenly split open in the uncultivated land. The roaring was as deafening as an earthquake. The enormous black muzzle of a cannon slowly rose from the gap as if it were suddenly sent up from the ground.
Ling Yu sternly said: "Fire!"
Boom—!
A guided missile breaks through the atmosphere approaching the speed of light, producing dazzling sparks all along the way!
The navigation route of the air-guided missile was extremely precise. It immediately exploded when it reached the center of the Greedy Wolf Legion. The Greedy Wolf Legion was completely caught off guard by the launch of the surface-to-air missile striking their center! They only saw a widely expanding blaze rising from the sky, the mech fragments and the wreckage of the warships scattered everywhere in all directions, and the cosmos surrounding Naomi Star suddenly became the most horrifying cemetery!
Ling Yu paused and raised his hand decisively, "Prepare Air-Guided Missile #3—"
***
Rosen suddenly became stunned.
He piloted Black Dragon to lead the 9th Division of the Glory Legion to directly face the Greedy Wolf Legion. Both sides were fighting fiercely. Unexpectedly, a large fire abruptly broke out in the rear of the Greedy Wolf Legion. A loud "boom" was heard and a large number of warships were blown up into ashes. The wreckage and fragments floating in the universe were scattered in all directions, making the entire field of view filled with smoke!
Such frightening firepower cannot be caused by just an ordinary light energy bomb, rather, only an enormous grounded weapon that uses "tons" as the unit of measure for its weight can possess such formidable power......
Was an air-guided missile launched from the surface of Naomi Star?
Rosen's heart suddenly grew full of doubts.
Is there a friendly force on Naomi Star? Or is there a mutiny breaking out from within the Greedy Wolf Legion?
In any case, now is the best opportunity to break through the siege—
Rosen no longer hesitated and seized the opportunity to disrupt the formation of the Greedy Wolf Legion and immediately issued the highest order: "The Vanguard Units will join together right away, follow the 9th Division and assault the front!"
"Understood! Marshal!"
The Vanguard Units that had originally been scattered in order to attract enemy fire immediately neatly merged together in half a minute, condensing together into a terrifying force. Following under the lead of Black Dragon and the 9th Division, they broke straight through the Greedy Wolf Legion's line of defense!
Boom—!
There was another loud sound, the rear of the Wolf Corps was once again attacked by an air-guided missile!
The violent blasting sounds never stop and the whole Greedy Wolf Legion was torn apart by the explosions. Along with the Vanguard Units and the 9th Division of the Glory Legion directly breaking out of the siege led by Rosen on top of that, the Greedy Wolf Legion was nearly defeated in an instant.
Just at this moment, a trembling voice suddenly echoed in the command hold of the Greedy Wolf Legion's command carrier: "General, the Federation's Naomi Star military base has suddenly encountered a sneak attack from unidentified troops! Requesting for emergency backup! Requesting for emergency%&#¥%......"
The communication line was disrupted and the remaining words all turned into an ear-piercing noise.
Vladimir narrowly squinted his eyes.
He originally wanted to cooperate with the Falcon Legion to make the Empire's Glory Legion suffer a complete annihilation here. He didn't expect that at the location of his own encampment— on Naomi Star, suddenly began to launch air-guided missiles, disrupting the Greedy Wolf Legion's entire plan, and even his own main military base had been occupied by people.
Obviously, this is what those "unknown troops" had planned well beforehand! Taking advantage of the gap between the Greedy Wolf Legion leaving their base to sort out the Glory Legion, they quickly occupied the Federation's military base situated on Naomi Star.
—are the unknown troops coming from Naomi Star?
—could it be a hidden chess piece that the Empire secretly planted here?
—who could it be?
The fires of war continued to spread and another air-guided missile came over and exploded. Vladimir had no time to finely and particularly think it over. He immediately ordered: "All units of the Greedy Wolf Legion, immediately retreat!"
The Falcon Legion also rather tacitly pulled back at the same time.
Clearly, those who were originally thought to be hunting instead became the prey by people's schemes.
The two heads of the legions connected their communicators to each other, the awareness of being schemed against was very unpleasant. General Chris's complexion of the Falcon Legion was very ugly and he coldly spoke: "Vladimir, you asked me to help clean up the Glory Legion. What is going on now, why did Naomi Star over there suddenly launch an attack on us?! Isn't Naomi Star your encampment?"
Vladimir shrugged his shoulders: "There seems to be an underground force on Naomi Star. I have always been investigating this for all these years but to no avail. Now it seems...... that not only must there be an Imperial force, but it is also a mysterious force that even the Emperor's XX Department isn't aware of— temporarily leaving this aside, isn't it also too shameful for us to just withdraw like this, wouldn't it be better to drag someone down with us?"
General Chris knit his brows and said: "What do you want to do?"
Vladimir smiled, "Up ahead is the entrance to a cosmic wormhole, it is said that place...... hasn't been too awfully stable recently."
Chris expressed his understanding with a nod of his head.
The two simultaneously summoned their respective S-Class mechs rather well-coordinatedly, with one on the left and one on the right, they closed in on Black Dragon!
The distance between the three mechs was really too close for comfort and the bombardment range of the light cannons was also too large. It is very likely that one single blast may very likely cause the three mechs to be simultaneously blown up, therein unavoidably injuring their own Generals. Both sides of the Legions will not dare to act blindly without thinking. In the cosmos, being met with the three mechs of gold, silver, and black gathered together in a brawl, the places where the three gigantic dragons passed through, a large number of fragments and debris were swept up just like a cosmic vortex that made people feel intimidated at first glance!
***
Naomi Star, the head command room of the underground base.
The sound of the young soldier's clear and bright voice came through the communicator: "Reporting to General, our army has already successfully occupied the Federation's military base!"
The command room suddenly rang with burst into cheers and General Ling Yu who had always previously looked cold and indifferent finally raised the corner of his lips slightly upwards too, saying: "Work hard, act according to plan, don't damage the base equipment."
The young soldier respectfully gave a standard military salute in a place unseen to the General, "Understood! General!"
Right then, a large gold and silver dot suddenly appeared on the monitoring screen in front of him.
Ling Yu was startled, "What is this all about?"
The Deputy Commander, Brigadier General Ted, standing on his right-hand side, answered in a low voice: "General, this should be the two S-Class mechs summoned forth by the Federation's two Generals...... They still haven't retreated, what do they want to do?"
The base of the Greedy Wolf Legion has been occupied. On the surface of Naomi Star, they were constantly launching air-guided missiles. Many of the Greedy Wolf and Falcon Legion's warships have suffered damage. With Vladamir's intelligence, he should have retreated as quickly as he could after being aware that he had fallen into a trap. He suddenly summoned his S-Class mech out and yet it was impossible to turn the tide only relying on the strength of two mechs—
What is it that they want to do in the end?
Ling Yu frowned and carefully fixed his attention to the screen.
Just then, he suddenly saw what seemed to be an additional black dot surrounded by the gold and silver mechs.
Is that Rosen?
The direction the three mechs are moving at high-speeds is......
Isville's cosmic wormhole!
Ling Yu's heart suddenly skipped a beat, "Not good!"
As if receiving an induction signal, the necklace space button that was worn around his neck also lit up at the same time.
Ling Yu immediately opened the exit of the underground base and simultaneously ordered: "Ted, I am going to provide the Marshal with aid. I am leaving you in charge of the follow-up commanding tasks here! Use the Emperor XX Department's password to connect to the Glory's command carrier and get the Glory Legion to provide support to Naomi Star as soon as possible!"
Brigadier General Ted immediately saluted deferentially and said: "Understood, General!"
Ling Yu summoned the Black Dragon replica out and broke directly through the atmosphere of Naomi Star and flew towards the direction of Cosmic Space Station where the fires of war reached the sky—
***
Isville Galaxy's outermost cosmic space station had already been completely blasted into ruins by the fighting of the two sides, and a large number of mech and warship fragments are drifting along in the universe. Following the retreat of the Greedy Wolf Legion and the Falcon Legion, the Glory Legion was reorganized under the command of Lieutenant General Victor.
Ling Yu piloted the Black Dragon replica and flew right over the heads of the Glory Legion.
In the command carrier cabin, everyone looked at the very large black dragon fairly close by and couldn't help but come to a stop in shock. The Marshal was undoubtedly still in nothing less than a stalemate with two of the Federation's mechs up ahead. How could a mech that looks just like Black Dragon pass by again?
Victor also feels completely puzzled, he frowns and carefully looks outside of the porthole—
Not too far away, the gold, silver and black mechs are right in the middle of a fierce battle, Black Dragon is fighting one against two enemies and has long since been placed in a disadvantageous position. Scars are riddled on its body, but he is simply unable to break out from the two mech's pincer attack from his left and right. The two mechs were pinched together, and Rosen was pinned down by the two mechs and was gradually drawn in the direction of the cosmic wormhole.
As the entrance to the wormhole grew closer, the gold and silver mechs abruptly changed their directions in an unspoken agreement. Acting in concert, they immediately wrapped their tails around Black Dragon, and at the same time, physically exerted themselves to push the black mech directly into the entrance of Isville Universe's wormhole!
As soon as Ling Yu hurried over, he saw this kind of scene—
The black mech was being swallowed bit by bit by the immense vortex of the cosmic wormhole, just like a small insect caught in a spider's web without any ability to resist. In the face of the frightening force of nature, the mechs made by mankind seem so insignificant and inferior.
"Rosen—"
Ling Yu's words didn't even have the time to make it out of his mouth before he saw Black Dragon sinking into the enormous vortex and disappearing without a trace within the blink of an eye.
The heart suddenly fell into a fit of spasms. The vortex forming a dense mass in the universe is like the bloody maw of a man-eating beast stretched wide open like a sacrificial bowl, which appears particularly frightfully sinister in the silent cosmos.
Almost subconsciously, Ling Yu issued an order to his mech: "Catch up......"
The Black Dragon replica was silent for a bit and calmly reported: "Master, within the Isville cosmic wormhole, there will soon be a spatial shock with a magnitude of eight or higher. The energy of these spatial shocks is also going to be tens of times higher than that of a planetary earthquake. At the moment, entering the cosmic wormhole......"
There is only a dead end.
While the Black Dragon replica did not say this, he believed that his Master was able to understand it.
Ling Yu suddenly grew silent.
Before the retreat, Vladimir summoned his mech to carry out a pincer attack on both sides of Rosen. The objective was obviously for this exact reason— the Isville cosmic wormhole has been extremely unstable recently and spatial shocks constantly occurred. This kind of energy from cosmic spatial shocks can instantly smash an S-Class mech into pieces.
He couldn't directly destroy the Glory Legion, he could only use these sorts of despicable means to force Rosen into the wormhole and completely do away with Rosen with the help of the cosmic wormhole......
Ling Yu tightly gripped his hand into a clenched fist, his fingernails nearly drew blood from the palm of his hand.
The last occurrence of spatial shocks was thirty minutes ago, Ling Yu did had no way of knowing the next time they would happen.
It might have already happened, or it also might be after one minute, ten minutes......
But, no matter what, he can't look on helplessly and watch Rosen die in front of him.
Right at that moment, he suddenly thought of Lin Yuan, the child that belonged to him and Rosen.
If he just saw him die and didn't save him like this, what will he look like in the future...... facing that child?
As soon as Ling Yu thought of this, he immediately tightly gripped both of his hands into two fists, he decisively and resolutely said: "Catch up!"
Black Dragon was forced to follow it's Master's orders, and plunged headfirst into the huge cosmic whirlpool—
***
Inside the student dormitories of St. Romia Military Academy, Lin Yuan abruptly woke up with a start from his dreams.
He once again dreamed of the day his Dad sent him away when he was young. That man spoke in a gentle and soft tone in his ear and quietly said: "Xiao Yuan, I'm sorry, Dad is going to a very far away place, it is not convenient to take you. After you are by yourself, you must strongly keep on living......"
(
TN
: I'm tired. But damn do I like leaving ya'll on cliff hangers. Oh, the red flag raised in the previous chapter has finally come to fruition! I hope everyone is excited, while it might not be a weekday I still stayed up extra late to finish it! Ling Yu, oh Ling Yu... He still cares about Rosen! He better not die now, talk about terrible late-night thoughts to have... Anyways have fun dangling off this cliff, I'm going to bed!)
Chapter 078. Reunited
Lin Yuan woke up with a start from his dreams fairly early in the morning. The strong anxiety that suddenly rose from the bottom of his heart made him distraught with anxiety.
The scene in the dream seemed to hint at something very bad. He dreamed about his dad leaving him and at this very moment, his father is leading troops out into a battle... This kind of bad dream makes Lin Yuan's heart feel very unwell. He takes in a deep breath and wipes the cold sweat off his forehead before sitting up in his bed. Lin Yuan took out his communicator and sent a message to Rosen—
"Father, is this campaign still going well? I am awaiting your safe and sound return."
Like throwing a stone into the ocean and watching as it sinks down, there is no reply.
—He is probably busy at the moment and doesn't have time to take notice of it? Perhaps he will reply after seeing it tomorrow.
After comforting himself like this, he lies back down on the bed and covers himself with the quilt, Lin Yuan still doesn't feel the slightest bit tired.
This night, for Lin Yuan, time seems to have stretched on for ages......
***
For some people on the Capital Star, this night has become particularly unendurable.
Inside the Military Department's secret meeting room, several officers were sitting there with grave expressions waiting for something. Finally, the spherical communicator in the middle of the table sent out a beam of light, indicating that it had received a message. The highest-ranked ciphertext was passed through the cosmic space stations from multiple galaxies. It smoothly transmitted to this communicator at last.
In front of the virtual screen, a string of strange golden characters gradually appeared. The complex ciphertext characters slowly drifted through the air like a golden chain. It wasn't until a moment later that the passwords were deciphered by specialized software and the ciphertext finally became writing that they could read and understand—
"An unknown military force appeared on Naomi Star and suddenly launched an attack against the Federation's Legions. The Federation's Military Base on Naomi Star was seized. The Greedy Wolf Legion and the Falcon Legion urgently retreated. The Glory Legion entered and garrisoned Naomi Star and Rosen piloted Black Dragon into the Isville Cosmic Wormhole, whereabouts are unknown. The mysterious forces on Naomi Star also disappeared immediately after the Glory Legion entered and garrisoned. It is beyond my capabilities to investigate— K. "
The K letter at the end represents the identity of the person who sent the message, this paragraph of text briefly gave an account of today's battlefield situation.
After a moment of silence, the officer sitting in the first seat displeasedly pursed his brows and coldly said: "They're indeed a pile of useless trash!"
A person to the side said in a serious tone: "The cooperation with the Federation's Legions had very big risks from the start. However, this time we practically spoon-fed the Glory Legion directly up to their mouths. They were unable to seize such a good opportunity. They are really too disappointing— what exactly was Vladimir doing in the end? The place where he was stationed concealed a mysterious force and he was seriously not in the least aware of it?"
Another person thoughtfully said: "I am actually quite interested in that mysterious force. Unexpectedly in that critical moment, they emerged to secretly assist Rosen. Who could it possibly be? Could they have something to do with the Empire?"
The man sitting in the first seat bitterly smiled and said: "No matter who they are, any stumbling blocks that get in the way always have to be entirely disposed of to be sure."
The man took the communicator and quickly typed out a line of ciphertext characters back—
"Keep a close watch over the movement of the mysterious force on Naomi Star and find out the inside details of those people as soon as possible. Rosen has the message to immediately report back."
After the ciphertext was sent out, the person who questioned the origin of the mysterious force slightly narrowed his eyes and smiled as they said: "Rosen has always been a man of great fortune, but this time he has been met with the spatial shocks of the Isville Cosmic Wormhole, that is, even if he had ten lives, it's time to make things clear. Can we consider whether......"
"Don't be rash" The man sitting in the first seat lightly waved his hand and cut him off, "I don't wish for any new branches to grow out of a knot. As soon as the news of Rosen's death is confirmed, we will act again." After a pause, he turned his head around again and said, "Moreover, Udir suddenly transferred to Po Military Starfield and placed people in certain positions in the Rose Legion, did you find any valuable information?"
The other person immediately replied: "There is information to report. The Rose Legion's medical team has recently hired a doctor named Charley. General Udir has been continuously unacclimatized after arriving at the Po Military Starfield. He had a high fever for several days in a row. He was being cared for by that doctor. He soon afterward asked that doctor to come to the Legion. Apart from this, everything in the Rose Legion is just as usual. Udir still took his Legion into a forest to try out a new type of mech all day long. During his free time, he just grows plants and flowers on Po Military Starfield. "
Inside the meeting room, fits of hushed laughter could be heard.
The man frowned: "Has the doctor's inside information been checked?"
That person replied: "In the detailed investigation, there weren't any problems. He is a very gentle-tempered doctor. He also keeps a very low-profile in the Legion."
The person nodded, saying in a low voice: "Make sure the planted agents in each of the major legions are careful and take precautions. They must not unmask their true nature by all means...... Alright, let's adjourn this meeting."
With the man's order, the simulation meeting room built through the network very quickly became desolate.
Inside a certain private apartment in the Capital Star, a young officer removed the earplugs that connected him to the virtual meeting room, the corners of his lips slightly perked up into a smile.
The unique navy blue military badge on his chest produces a strange radiance under the lighting inside the bedroom.
***
eta Ursae Majoris Starfield, the Rose Legion's encampment.
Ling Feng was on his bed tossing and turning restlessly. Suddenly he heard a peal of knocking on the door. When he got up and opened the door, he saw Lieutenant Commander Lyrum of the Rose Legion's Personal Guard Battalion standing at the doorway. When he saw him, he said in a deadly earnest voice: "Dr. Charley, sorry to bother you this late. The General suddenly has unbearable abdominal pain, please go over and have a look."
Ling Feng stared blankly for a moment and immediately turned around to pick up his medical kit, put on his white overcoat, and go to General Udir's resting quarters.
Inside his bedroom, Udir was lying down on his bed, his complexion looked to be very pale, his wrinkled brows gave the appearance of great suffering. When he saw Ling Feng arrived, he said in a hoarse voice: "Okay, Dr. Charley will stay here to properly attend to me, everyone else will withdraw."
"Understood, General." The group of his subordinates all withdrew back.
Only then did Ling Feng walk up to his bedside in three or two steps, gently reaching out his hand and probing his forehead, he asked in concern: "What's going on with you? Do you feel ill?"
His slender fingers were suddenly held by that man, and the man lying down on his bed unexpectedly opened his eyes. His blue eyes were on the move and he looked at him with a beaming smile. Forget about falling ill, the man's complexion appears exceedingly good, as soon as he turned over, he overpowered Ling Feng onto the bed and seized the opportunity to land a kiss.
Ling Feng was in a tough spot trying to dodge his kiss while saying helplessly: "Udir, you, you are pretending to be sick again...... mmm...... mmph......"
His jaw was pried open and his nimble tongue dove straight in, Ling Feng was soon out of breath from the kiss and was totally unable to say anything.
After the end of their French kiss, the clothes of the two men were disheveled and their heartbeats were also somewhat stalled. Udir only released Ling Feng then and licked the remaining saliva on the seams of Ling Feng's lips off. Lightly stroking Ling Feng's hair, he asked with a gentle and soft tone: "I noticed that you hadn't gone to sleep, I was only looking for an excuse to call you over...... You look very restless, what happened?"
Ever since he took Ling Feng with him to the Rose Legion, Udir gave him a miniature mech space button and the two people's mechs were connected to one another, so Udir could know Ling Feng's movements at all times to protect him at a moments notice.
Looking at Ling Feng's appearance as his eyelashes slightly trembled, Udir couldn't help but lean over and place a kiss on top of his eye, asking in a low voice: "What's the matter? Can't you tell me?"
Ling Feng was silent for a while before saying: "No, it's nothing......"
The reason why Ling Feng was uneasy because of the telepathy shared between twins.
—He can perceive when Ling Yu is met with misfortune.
The connection with Ling Yu's communicator was broken off and the message he sent out elicited no response. Even though his body was fine, there was still an inexplicable sharp pain. It must have come from his sensory perception of Ling Yu.
The occasional telepathy between the twin brothers was capable of allowing Ling Feng to sense when his brother was in the midst of danger and disaster.
Ling Feng was worried to the point of tossing and turning restlessly, making it hard to sleep all night long.
However, there is no way for him to let Udir know of the matter with Ling Yu. Even if Udir is his lover and Snow's father, he cannot calmly speak out this mind-breaking secret. Ling Yu was hidden away in Naomi Star and secretly constructed an underground military base that involved His Majesty's plan. If by any chance Udir's philosophy is not in line with His Majesty's, then the consequences of this secret being leaked out will only ruin the many years of preparation when it's on the eve of complete success.
Deep in the depths of the body, another heart-wrenching pain came through. Ling Feng abruptly trembled and harshly bit down on his lower lip following it.
—Evidently, Ling Yu is in a lot of danger right now.
This kind of baffling pain is passed on through the telepathy between twins, which makes Ling Feng also feel a sharp, difficult to endure pain.
After becoming aware of the man's constant trembles in his embrace, Udir hurriedly hugged him close in distress, and unceasingly kissed him. His forehead, the tip of his nose and lips, tender kisses were rained down upon Ling Feng's face. His deep and low voice also reverberated in his ears, "Don't be afraid...... I am here, I won't let you be met with misfortune again...... Have a little bit of confidence in me, alright?"
Ling Feng clenched his teeth. After a good while, he whispered: "Udir...... I......"
Udir looked distracted, "Huh?"
Ling Feng's face went a bit red, he took the initiative to part his legs, reached over and wrapped his hands around his neck, quietly saying, "......hold me."
He finally had clearly heard what he was saying. Udir immediately peeled the man's clothes off with the agile movements of his limbs. He further parted his legs and wrapped them around his waist. Without any trace of politeness...... he took as much of him as he liked.
Very soon, moans that would make one blush sounded from inside the bedroom.
As he was forgetting his worries from being invaded, Ling Feng thought in a trance...... Only in this way could he alleviate some of the uneasiness and the strange sharp pain in the bottom of his heart. Being tightly held in the embrace of Udir, he doesn't feel that he is so isolated and helpless.
It's so hot......
That place is so hot, where was this place in the end?
What has happened to his little brother......
***
Ling Feng's sensory perception was just the same as Lin Yuan's dreamland, Ling Yu had really been met with a mishap.
The moment he piloted Black Dragon into the cosmic wormhole, he felt an enormous pressure accompanying the overwhelmingly spread out mech fragments that advanced toward him, engulfing him. This kind of frightening cosmic vortex has even had formidable power that distorts the space-time continuum. In the face of nature, let alone the S-Class mechs manufactured by humanity, not even the large-scale command carrier of a Legion is able to take on the formidable power of the spatial shocks.
The field of vision before his eyes became blurred. Through the porthole of his mech, all the remains of the various spaceships and warships in the wormhole could be seen. A large bulk of mechanical debris is mixed with the particles in the universe that whirls at devastating flying speed, the entire wormhole became a gigantic bottomless vortex— he couldn't clearly see any path to follow inside the cosmic wormhole. He could only depend on intuition to let Black Dragon inch forward little by little.
Fortunately, the level and mental strength of Ling Yu's mech piloting is extremely strong. He is able to skillfully operate the mech to avoid collision of a large number of bits and pieces. If another pilot took his place, they may have long-since been hit into tearing their body and crushing their bones in this place.
The wreckage of another large spacecraft brushed past and if there was a direct collision, it would have definitely knocked the mech over going at such a fast speed.
Ling Yu did not dare to slack off in the slightest, there was a layer of sweat oozing from the palm of his hand.
The power of the space vortex is getting more and more violent. Clearly, the level eight spatial shocks are coming soon, he must leave here as soon as possible!
But......
He is not willing!
He is not willing to just abandon Rosen like this!
As soon as he thought that the man together with his mech might have already been smashed into pieces, Ling Yu felt the pain of a knife being twisted in his heart!
Ling Yu tightly clenched into the hollow of his palm, having himself stay clear-headed and rational. The mental connection with the Black Dragon Replica has already exceeded 300% of its maximum matching capabilities, he can even feel everything that his own mech feel......
The debris and wreckage inside the wormhole unceasingly glance against the mech's body, it was just like taking a knife and slashing it across his body! The Black Dragon Replica's neural circuit had been continuously blaring an alarm and the equilibrium system was continuously flashing a red light even more! Ling Yu resisted the sharp pain of the nerves being cut and carefully examined the image being cast onto the screen—
Unfortunately, he only sees a large amount of debris and wreckage on the screen, there was not a single trace of Rosen and his mech.
Looking on as the spatial pressure in the wormhole grows greater and greater, Ling Yu a bit anxiously said: "Black Dragon, switch on the highest level detection system, broaden the sensing range by twofold! Quickly!"
The equilibrium system almost collapsed under repeated impacts. At this moment, turning on the most advanced detection system is undoubtedly a huge burden on the mech! However, perceiving the state of mind of its Master, Black Dragon complied with the order without the slightest hesitation. The highest level of detection system produced electromagnetic waves encompassing a radius within the range of 100 kilometers. a moment after, Black Dragon said in a low voice: "Master, still not detected."
—At that moment, Ling Yu suddenly felt despair.
He previously led his troops on campaigns countless times. He had previously faced life and death crises countless times, but he had never once despaired.
Could it be that...... Rosen has truly already......
Died?
That indifferent and as well as unyielding man who spent a decade of his youth together with him......
He has already died?
This kind of realization caused a sudden burst of stabbing pain at the bottom of Ling Yu's heart. It was like a pair of hands were forcibly tearing a huge hole open in his heart. It felt like a biting cold wind was violently blowing into his chest, cutting his internal organs, nearly breaking his entire heart into pieces.
Rosen......
Xiao Yuan......
Just when he was so aggrieved that the rims of his eyes were bursting with heat, Black Dragon's eyes suddenly lit up. "Master, I've found the traces of an S-Class mech up ahead!"
Ling Yu froze in shock and immediately ordered: "Approach the target right away!"
***
While the replica body sensed the presence of Black Dragon, the Black Dragon up ahead also sensed the presence of this mech.
Rosen noticed this bit and looked at the monitor screen in a bit of shock.
In the vortex of this cosmic wormhole formed by a large amount of debris and airborne dust, a black mech suddenly broke through layer upon layer of the surrounding space and rushed straight toward his position!
An enormous black dragon, the golden pupils of its eyes, even if it is beaten black and blue by numerous wreckage and debris, it's grandeur still shines brightly like a rainbow!
—Is this the replica body of Black Dragon?
Rosen's mind suddenly became blank. The name of that man was sitting on his lips however he simply couldn't believe it...... The
Ling Yu......
Is it Ling Yu?
As soon as that black mech came to his side, the spatial shocks were on the eve of arriving, the space inside the cosmic wormhole became increasingly narrow, and the tremendous pressure is nearly about to crush everything inside it into smithereens—
It's now or never!
Like the hearts of the two were connected, the two S-Class mechs simultaneously activated the highest level attack system!
Boom—!
The two S-Class mechs fired giant light energy cannons at the same time, and all the residual debris and remnants in the entirety of the wormhole were blasted into the distance. Through the force of this extensive recoil, the two mechs immediately executed a space jump and forcibly broke through the pressure of the wormhole's airflow!
A small spatial gap was torn open in the cosmic wormhole, and the immense pressure caused the surrounding space to begin to frantically compress and warp!
"......be careful!"
Rosen's heart almost came to a complete stop!
He successfully piloted Black Dragon out of the wormhole, but that black mech, however, was still in the heart of the wormhole. Obviously, the equilibrium system of the replica body was affected and did not jump out in the first moments. The tremendous pressure caused by the two mech's forcible breakthroughs in the cosmic wormhole was enough to destroy everything!Rosen tightly clenched his hand into a fist and immediately wished he could throw himself over to rescue that person!
However, right at that moment, a small escape pod suddenly ejected out from the wormhole and rapidly fell into the boundless universe. Rosen reacted and immediately had Black Dragon fly over toward the escape pod! Black Dragon caught up to the rapidly falling escape pod using its highest speed. It exhilaratingly used its tail to wrap around it before the escape pod collided with the drifting wreckage of the warships in the cosmos!
"......" Rosen's heart almost came to a standstill, the palm of his hand has long ago been exuding a layer of cold sweat. Seeing Black Dragon rescue the escape pod, he immediately ordered: "Black Dragon, quickly check and see if there are any signs of life in the escape pod!"
Black Dragon conducted a simple scan of the escape pod it rescued and replied: "Master, the person in this escape pod has lost consciousness, the oxygen inside can still support for half an hour."
Rosen slightly relaxed, "Try to find a place to land!"
"Understood."
Black Dragon automatically searched for a planet in its surroundings to land on. After a while, an unfamiliar planet appears on the screen in front of it, that planet was surrounded by a light green radiance. In the vast and obscure universe, it looks like a beautiful green agate.
Rosen wondered aloud: "Where is this?"
Black Dragon carefully searched the database and answered in a low voice: "Master, we seem to have been thrown into an unknown galaxy by the Isville Cosmic Wormhole. The coordinates here are unable to be categorized by any known galaxies in the Empire's domain. There are also no descriptions whatsoever of this planet's existence."
Rosen: "......"
After being silent for a moment, Rosen looked at the sealed escape pod that Black Dragon had curled its tail around and said in a near whisper: "Land first and we'll worry about the rest later."
***
Black Dragon along with its master and rescued escape pod landed on this unknown planet.
The coverage of green foliage on this planet is extremely high, there are lush forests everywhere, and the oxygen content in the air is also very high.
Because there was no human habitation, there weren't any buildings constructed by mankind here. Although the whole planet is densely forested, it still looks especially desolate. Standing on the planet, you can see the starry sky of the boundless cosmos above your head. The beautiful meteor shower glides through the sky and all kinds of stars in the sky twinkle and shine. This scene of a purely natural starry sky is probably a beautiful sight many people who live on the Capital Star would like to see.
However, Rosen was not in the mood to enjoy the sight of this so-called starry sky.
As soon as Black Dragon reached the ground, he immediately had Black Dragon set the control cabin down. He quickly ran over to that small escape pod.
The escape pod inside mechs is only used as a last resort in any given situation, especially for S-Class mechs......
The pilot of an S-Class mech connects to the nerve pathways of the mech to achieve the state of man and machine as one. Under normal circumstances, the master will not abandon their S-Class mech. It is only when they have no other alternative at the time but to use the escape pod to flee.
It is thus clear that while the mech that was trapped by the terrible pressure of the wormhole, it already had no way to safely escape due to the malfunction of its equilibrium system. Perhaps it was in order to protect its Master that it then used the force of the backlash to shoot the escape pod out......
In other words, that mech has already......
Thinking of the thrilling scene just now, Rosen only felt a throbbing in his heart.
The special metal of the escape pod can resist the extremely high temperatures and pressures for a short period of time. At this moment, the outer layer of metal on the escape pod has already been burned into warping its shape and it is scorched black all over. One could well imagine how dreadful the blazing temperatures were at that time, they may have been burned to ashes had they stayed a few seconds longer.
Rosen took in a deep breath and walked ahead. He had Black Dragon open up the cover of the escape pod.
In that split second, he had even felt his own heart cease to beat—
Peering into the escape pod, he saw a man with distinctly handsome looks curled up into a ball with his eyes tightly shut. His long and thick eyelashes cast a faint shadow on his eyelids. He had overloaded his mind when piloting the mech just a moment ago. He had clearly been excessively sweating. The clothes on his body were all soaked in sweat, and the jet-black ends of his hair were still dripping water down. His delicate and pretty face was as pale as paper and his lips had also completely lost their color.
He was still wearing a military uniform from head to toe, the dark blue military uniform made his figure look well proportioned and slender, his black leather belt accentuated the contours of his lean and perfectly curved waist, and his perfectly straight legs were tightly drawn up.
The helpless appearance of the man curled up with his eyes closed laying down in the escape pod broke through the solid defensive line of Rosen's heart in a flash.
The dark blue badge on his chest, the crescent-shaped marking is familiar enough to make one nearly wish to shed tears.
It was as if nothing had changed at all......
It was as if he was still that indifferent and proud young General of the Dark Night Legion......
Rosen's fingers lightly shook as he slowly caressed that man's face. The warming sensation when his fingertips came in contact with his skin finally allowed him to confirm— this is not a dream.
He is really seeing him......
Reuniting after being apart for 19 years, the unknown planet, his unconscious love, at this moment, any words he thinks to encapsulate his feelings are too bland and lifeless.
There are thousands of words to be said, yet in the end, only two words came out—
"Ling Yu......"
For more than a decade, he had countlessly called this name over and over again his dreams, and now he can speak it out in his presence at last.
His rough voice contained too many emotions, and even Rosen himself didn't know how to confront the person in front of him in the end.
Just looking at his unconscious appearance, an intensely strong feeling of distress still prevailed over everything.
Rosen stooped down and with the gentlest actions, carefully took the man out of the escape pod and softly lifted him up in his arms.
(
TN
: I can already hear it, ah! "Why did you take so long?" I was busy okay! (Binge-watching Guardian lmao, 34 episodes in four (five?) days during school and everything.) That's my excuse, it's not a good one lmao but it's what I got. Begging for forgiveness! Anyways, here we go! We just need Ling Yu to wake up now...)
Chapter 079. The Uninhabited Planet
Ling Yu had an awfully long dream.
Black clouds shrouded densely overhead in his dream, there was darkness between the heavens and the earth and lightning streaks across the vast sky like it was fiercely splitting the earth open. The rumbling explosions of thunder were deafening and the rain poured heavily down making his clothes thoroughly drenched in an instant.
He has seemingly once again returned to his youth, in those dry and dull yet simple years of life in the underground city.
The youth in the dream grasps the metal wire and quickly walks across the top of Locke Castle. The downpour pelts against his body, but he doesn't care at all. He leaps onto the roof and then drops to the ground in three or two leaps with a single-minded focus.
The leather shoes came in contact with the ground and produced a pleasantly light "pa" sound. The youth wiped the rainwater off his face with his hands and pushed open the heavy metal doors of the villa. He took a lift and entered a room on the ground floor.
Ling Yu directed his clear voice towards the kitchen: "Brother, I'm back."
There was someone cooking in the kitchen, a youth with the same tall and thin build, wrapped in a white apron. The youth's expression looks very gentle, he turns his head around to give a smile to the Ling Yu who looked to be completely drenched like a drowned rat, he throws a towel over at him in passing: "Quickly go dry yourself off, you'll catch a cold."
"En." Ling Yu took the towel and patted his black hair dry. He turned around and went to the living room to take a seat.
Ling Feng soon came out with two plates of stir-fried vegetables in both of his hands: spicy pak choi and julienned potatoes. This is the thing they usually end up eating more often than not. The food inside the underground city's storage is limited, meat is even more extremely rare, and the menu for the two brothers has always been monotonous like this. Fortunately, Ling Feng's culinary talent is very good and he can make all kinds of things out of simple potatoes and Chinese cabbage.
Ling Feng dished out a bowl of rice in front of his younger brother and smiled as he said: "Uncle Sean told me today that our identity cards are already done being forged. You can still go by your original name. When I go to school, I will change my name to Sander. This way, it won't arouse people's suspicions. Next winter when we go take part in the exams, so long as we inject out inhibitors on time, we can live the rest of our lives as Betas."
Ling Yu heard his own voice excitedly say: "Great, I really want to hurry up and go see the world outside."
Ling Feng smiled and asked: "Do you have a school that you want to go to?"
Ling Yu raises his head and says: "I want to take the entrance examination to St. Romia Military Academy, naturally the best military academy in our Empire."
Ling Feng's complexion slightly changed, "Are you insane? You want to go to the army? If by any chance you are discovered......"
Ling Yu calmly said: "Brother, we were predestined to be Omegas from birth, whether it be a doctor or a teacher, once you are discovered, it is the same great crime regardless...... If so, why can't I do what I'd like to do?".
Seeing that his older brother had fallen silent, Ling Yu continues on to say: "The Empire has been hard-pressed in the war against the Federation. The Empire's front line has already been consecutively defeated in battles for several years. I want to be a soldier. I want to pilot a mech to the front line to make those Federation bastards join their ancestors— this is my biggest dream. Brother, just consent to it."
Ling Feng frowned: "But there are so many Alphas in the military academy......"
Ling Yu said: "You can rest assured that I will be far away from them. Moreover, the inhibitors Uncle Sean gave us are very reliable, as long as I inject them once every three months no one will know that I am an Omega."
Ling Feng silently looked at his little brother for a long time and only then said in a low voice: "Are you not afraid of dying on the battlefield?"
Ling Yu smiled and said: "Compared to straightforwardly fighting to the death on the battlefield, being put under house arrest like other Omegas to be used as a birthing machine...... don't you think that is even more dreadful?"
***
"Brother, we didn't have our parents around as children, you are my sole relative in this world. If one day, something bad really happens to me on the battlefield, you must not feel sad no matter what." Because, for Ling Yu, this is truly the right place to die......
"Brother......"
Ling Feng was suddenly roused from his dreams.
He also had the same dream of those difficult yet austere days of his youth living in the underground city together with Ling Yu.
The SAV-II virus wreaked havoc and snatched away their father's life that year and their mother also died from poor health after giving birth to the two brothers. The twin brothers were single-handedly brought up by Dr. Sean, who was a Beta.
He and Ling Yu have been interdependent on each other from their childhood, treating each other as their only close relatives. Together, they spent an endlessly long 18 years in the pitch-black underground city without a glimmer of daylight. Later on, they went their separate ways and tested out for different specialized fields. After the two went to school, they couldn't help but find themselves getting in touch with one another less and less, however, the subtle telepathy between them had never been broken off.
Even though they were separated by a great distance, he can still sense the existence of that person and sense his breath of life.
However, at the moment......
This sort of connection was suddenly broken off.
It was as if that younger twin brother of his who was born on the same day abruptly faded away from this world.
Ling Feng sat on the bed in a daze, tears continually slipped from the corners of his eyes, and his face had unwittingly been ice-cold for a long time.
Suddenly, a powerful arm stretched out from behind him and tightly wrapped around his shoulders. At the same time, a warm hand lightly brushed his cheek, gently wiping off the unceasing torrent tears falling from his eyes for him.
Udir's low deep and low voice rang in his ears, "What happened to you? Did you have any nightmares?"
Ling Feng hangs his head down and shakes as he wraps his arms around Udir, burying his face into the warm embrace of the other party.
He could sense that his little brother has encountered great danger. He even felt that his brother already seems to have no signs of life......
The twin brothers who had been living interdependently for so many years and could even sense each other's existence, for this kind of connection to suddenly disappear, it is as if a piece of himself had been dug out from the bottom of my heart, it was as if the other half of his soul was suddenly pulled away from his body......
Ling Feng only felt that the bottom of his heart was incomparably empty.
His younger brother might have already died, this kind of feeling makes him despair to the point of nearly falling apart.
Chapter 080.
Pavo
(
TN
: Pavo is the name of a constellation, it's Latin for "peacock".)
"Ling Yu...... I missed you......"
The deep and low sound of Rosen's hoarse voice rings in his ears, every word is clearly transmitted to his mind. He maintained the saluting posture while being tightly pulled into an embrace by the man. Ling Yu's entire body was as stiff as a statue, he didn't have the slightest clue how to respond.
This man has completely marked him and the two had also done the most intimate thing together......
But for Ling Yu, their first-time intertwining their bodies was just a way for Rosen to help him get through that difficult time in a pinch and nothing more.
Ling Yu always believed the accident of that year to be the result of the influence between Alpha and Omega pheromones. The heavy pheromone scent of an Omega in estrus is enough to make any Alpha lose their sense of reason, even Rosen wouldn't be able to control himself. The pheromones between the two of them affect each other, therefore resulting in them doing things that go "far beyond friendship."
In those three days and three nights in the hidden chamber, Ling Yu's cognizance was jumbled, he only remembered that Rosen frantically embraced him like a wild animal. After the event, he also broke out in a fever and spent a whole week bedridden in the hospital. Those three days' worth of memories gradually became blurred. It was just like a preposterous dreamland that had no ties to reality.
Ling Yu painstakingly ignored the subtle pounding of his heart and only took those three days as a singular experience in a calamatic time.
Later on, too many things happened. He didn't even have enough time to sort out the main threads. He piloted the Black Dragon replica body out of Cepheus right away under the arrangement of His Majesty.
In these years of separation, not a day has gone by that Ling Yu doesn't often think of that man—
His best friend who had helped him with many instances of caring and warmth in his youth, his trusted comrade-in-arms who calmly helped him get through his estrus in times of crisis, the top general who made use of his pregnancy as grounds to successfully rescue him from prison—
That man's deep eyes and his handsome facial features as he smiles at himself frequently appear in his dreams too......
Rosen is special to him, a special existence placed in some hidden nook at the bottom of his heart.
At the time of this reunion, despite Ling Yu maintaining an unbothered expression and saluting the other person in accordance with standard military etiquette, the sweat exuding from the palm of his other hand nevertheless betrayed him long ago.
—Betraying the nervousness of his heart.
Furthermore, what he didn't expect was that Rosen went so far as to hold him straight into his arms, even whispering in his ear saying, "I missed you......"
Ling Yu's heart suddenly trembled.
One simple sentence almost instantly smashed through the ice-cold, solid lines of defense in his heart.
In the sudden rigid atmosphere, he wanted to push away the other side's hand. Ling Yu had one hand in a ceremonial military salute and the other hand was placed in a strange position on Rosen's chest. Rosen tightly pulled him into his arms. His face flashed between red and white, a sliver of confusion and blankness gradually emerged in his dark eyes.
—I really missed you?
—As the Marshal of the Emperor's XX Department, how could Rosen tell him this kind of thing?
—Don't you think that kind of thing is somewhat strange to say between colleagues in the military?
But what is even more strange is that hearing him say something like this, his own heartbeat seems to also inexplicably...... speed up?
Ling Yu was just blankly staring off into space, somewhat at a loss in growing awareness of his heart violently beating inside his chest. No matter how Rosen continually tightened up his hug, he nevertheless did not say a word.
The military cap worn properly on his head fell down to the ground due to this action, revealing his ink-like dark hair. His hair has long-since been saturated in sweat and under the illumination emitted in the gave, it gave off the glossy luster of a gem. However, Ling Yu was too occupied to attend to his cap. His mind had already gone blank from Rosen closely holding him.
"I missed you...... You know?"
Rosen's fingers lightly stroked Ling Yu's black hair and he unceasingly whispered in his ear.
His soft hair slips through the space between his fingers just like a feather softly tickling the bottommost tip of his heart.
Rosen rested his chin on Ling Yu's shoulder and took in a deep breath— that refreshing, chilling scent of Ling Yu made him become just as intoxicated and infatuated as it did in his memories. It made him wish he could press himself all the way into this man's body and never part.
"Ling Yu, I've always regretted all of these years. I regretted that I didn't ask you to stay, I didn't even clearly explain everything...... At the time I marked you, it was not at all because you were an Omega in estrus, but rather because...... you were Ling Yu."
Rosen slightly let go of his embrace and place both of his hands on Ling Yu's shoulders, earnestly gazing into his eyes, he said in a low voice: "You are special to me, the only one, do you understand?"
Ling Yu was stumped for words, he moved his line of sight away from Rosen's face and said in a feigned calmness: "I've never intended to blame you for what happened so long ago back then. You don't have to mind it nor explain it."
Rosen:" ...... "
He reached out his hand to pinch his chin and forced the man's face to shift over, making him look face to face with himself. Rosen stared straight into Ling Yu's eyes and said word by word: "Do you still not understand? I'm saying...... I like you."
Ling Yu stared blankly for a moment and then looked at him in shock, "......what?"
Rosen spoke in a deep voice: "If I didn't like you, how could I possibly not only personally mark you, but also have you bear a child? Don't tell me you think I would also do that much if it was any other Omega?"
Ling Yu hesitated, "Wouldn't you?" He paused and once again doubtfully said, "......you wouldn't help them if it was anyone else?"
Rosen: "......"
Being met with his questioning eyes, Rosen immediately felt a burst of hopelessness.
Sure enough, the only thing remaining inside this little guy's hard head is a variety of military theorems, as far as feelings are concerned, he is simply slow-witted to a certain extent!
He had certainly thought him marking him in those days was "the loyalty between comrades-in-arms to help one another" and being "unable to retrain himself under the influence of pheromones", or even thinking that it would also be exactly the same with any other Omega or Alpha.
Chapter 081. Pavo
At the same time, Capital Star, Cepheus.
By the time Drew finished up the military's secret meeting and returned to his bedroom, Berg had already woken up.
Drew took a seat at his bedside and bent over to place a kiss on his forehead, softly speaking into Berg's ear: "I'm going to take the Hydra Legion on a campaign tomorrow, wait for me at home to return."
Berg was startled and puzzledly said: "Campaign? Where to?"
Seeing Drew faintly purse his brows, Berg then looked away, and quietly said: "If it inconveniences you to say, just don't say it."
Drew: "......"
Ever since he found out that Berg is the second leader of the Undercurrent, although there were many instances of being intimate with their bodies between the two of them, there was still a bit of a barrier between them. For Drew, who has always been honest and strict, ignoring the military's pursuit order of the Undercurrent for his spouse has already made him feel very guilty. He can no longer tell Berg about military secrets
As a General, he has an obligation to keep the military decision-making confidential, even if Berg is his own lover, he cannot go against the principle of a soldier again.
Looking at Berg's lowered head, a stab of pain struck Drew's heart, he said in a whisper: "......I'm sorry."
Drew set forth to leave the bedroom. After going two steps, he suddenly heard Berg's voice behind him: "Come back safely, remember that I am here waiting for you."
Drew's stare went blank and he turned his head back to be met with Berg's gentle and soft gaze. He immediately walked two or three steps back to the bedside, hugged Berg, and firmly kissed him.
The prolonged farewell kiss seemed to have a soothing power and it also significantly alleviated the awkward atmosphere of a moment ago. Drew lightly caressed the mark on the nape of his lover's neck, he tenderly gazed upon him and said in a low voice: "You can rest assured, I will definitely come back safely...... Wait for me at home."
Berg smiled and nodded as he said, "I believe you."
After Drew left, Berg was silent for a moment, he then he got up and locked the door and connected to the secret communicator within the Imperial Palace.
Soon, the face of His Majesty, Trent's face appeared on the screen. Trent asked: "What's the matter, Berg?"
Berg calmly said: "Wang Xiong, Drew will lead the Hydra Legion on a campaign tomorrow, you are certainly aware of this matter?"
Trent nodded, "Someone just recently reported to me from the military side. Rosen was accidentally drawn into a cosmic wormhole. His whereabouts are unknown at the moment. The military decided to temporarily keep this news undisclosed. The Hydra Legion was dispatched to provide assistance to the Glory Legion and search for Rosen's whereabouts in passing."
Berg faintly frowned, "If this happens, then won't the Capital Star just be left undefended......"
Trent nodded and said: "What you say is true, that it is undoubtedly an exceptionally good opportunity for them to move the Glory Legion and the Hydra Legion away. Just in case to serve as protection, immediately think of a way to take the Nine-Tailed Fox away."
Berg gingerly says," Okay, I know how to do it."
After cutting off the communicator, Berg immediately changes into a suit of clothes he rummaged out of a safe and went to the front of the Bayh Family's five-story mech warehouse, he snuck into the basement and used a password to open a secret door.
—That place is precisely a secret door that leads to the underground city of Locke Castle.
***
When Berg arrived at the underground city, Dave was slouched over, he passed out right on the table. This lazy Omega's hair was still just as messy as a beggar's and the clothes on his body were also put on crookedly. He is extremely talented in the mech manufacturing aspect, but his lifestyle was sloppy to the extreme.
Berg helplessly smiled and lightly tapped on the tabletop in front of him.
Dave woke up with a start, he rubbed his sleep-ladened eyes and looked at the man with a cold expression for a while. After a moment's pause, he recognized who the other person was. He immediately jumped up from his stool and smiled: "Boss! How did you get the time to come over?"
As the second leader of the Undercurrent, all of the Undercurrent members kindly referred to Prince Berg as "Boss".
Berg got straight to the point: "I have come to take away the Nine-Tailed Fox, have you completed all of the follow-up work here?"
Dave scratched the complete mess of hair on his head that was comparable to a bird's nest and said with a bit of befuddlement: "It has already been completed, ah. The space button is also good to go. Didn't His Majesty say to wait for the two pilots to come around and then restart this mech?"
Berg said in a lowered voice: "There's not enough time."
After he finished speaking, he turned around and walked towards the hidden chamber storing the mech, Dave immediately caught up with his footsteps.
He opened the door of the hidden chamber, he, sure enough, caught sight of a brand-new mech towering above in a wide space of a hundred square meters. The contours of the mech flew smoothly, its nine tails were drooped laxly behind it. The shiny metal emitted a dazzling orange luster under the gleam of the lighting.
Berg couldn't help but exclaim on admiration: "This really is the best work."
Dave smiled and scratched his head, he took out the space button on his finger and put the mech away into it. He handed the space button back over to Berg's hand.
Berg looked back at him and said: "You mustn't stay here either. It's not safe." Berg gave it a thought. He took out a slip of paper and wrote down an address and name before passing it on to Dave, "Go to Planet Oman and look for this person, go into hiding for the time being."
Dave nodded and said: "Got it, Boss. I will pack things up and get going tomorrow."
Berg quickly returned to the Bayh Residence through the secret passageway of the underground city.
When he walked up to the residence, he saw a few personal guards stationed at the doorway. They were the most trusted subordinates of Drew. The lights in the study were on. Evidently, Drew was currently straightening out some materials in the study. Those several close soldiers of the Personal Guard Battalion were probably just waiting for their General.
Berg walked up to the front of those few people and smiled and said to a Beta whose figure greatly resembled his own: "I have some mech parts here that I need to move upstairs, the home robot is broken, could you come over and help me out?"
After a moment of that soldier being in a stunned silence, he immediately gave a respectful salute and said: "Yes, Madam!"
The people of the Hydra Legion all knew how highly their General regarded his wife. Under the influence of Drew, Berg was similar to the existence of a male god in the eyes of the soldiers in the Hydra Legion.
It is his honor to have the privilege of the General's wife call on him for help.
The young Beta excitedly followed Berg to the parts warehouse and looks blankly at the warehouse packed full of parts for a moment. He says, puzzled: "Madam, which parts did you want to be moved......"
The soldier turned his head back around, he had still not come down from the excitement of "being able to help the General's wife handle something" when his back suddenly went numb and then his two eyes rolled back, he involuntarily fell to the floor.
Berg withdrew the anesthetic needle in his hand and quickly put the soldier's military uniform on his body. As quick as possible, he made a mask in accordance with his appearance and carefully pasted it to his face.
When he returned to the doorway of the Bayh Residence, the soldier off to the side lowered his head and glanced at his comrade whose face was mostly covered by a military cap. He somewhat doubtfully asked: "Mike, have you finished helping the Madam relocate the parts so soon?" "
"Mike" nodded and said in a lowered voice: "En, I finished moving everything."
Right at this time, Drew walked out from his home office and dressed in a neat four-star top general military uniform, his gaze indifferently swept past his subordinates of the Personal Guard Battalion and he said in a lowered voice: "Let's get moving."
A group of soldiers immediately saluted, saying: "Yes! General!"
The soldiers orderly boarded the Hydra Legion's suspension vehicle engraved with a serpentine totem. The Hydra Legion sets off towards their base camp.
Not a single person paid attention to that among the soldiers, there was one who had their face covered by a military cap and a slightly raised smile.
***
When Rosen returned to the cave, he saw Ling Yu seated on the huge rock in the cave. He held the military cap that he had picked up from the ground. The distinct joints of his fair and slender fingers softly rubbed against the brim of the military cap, it seems as if he was in the middle of fretting over something.
Ling Yu's personality is entirely unlike that kind of gentleness and softness of an Omega. He is used to the identity of a General. He is used to standing aloft and commanding his Legion. Every time he puts on his military uniform, he gives off a sense of pride and ice-cold asceticism.
But he is nevertheless inherently an Omega, his body shape has an awful lot of distinctive characteristics belonging to an Omega— such as his lean build, his perfectly straight and slender legs, a slim waist that could be tightly held with one arm, and an extremely flexible and pliable body......
This man is undoubtedly an Omega of the purest bloodline, but his personality is more stubborn and unyielding than some Alphas.
At this moment, he was sitting on the rock and frowning as he ponders, and the profile of his face appeared all the more fair and delicate under the illumination of the fluorescence within the cave.
Rosen stood frozen in place, watching him quietly.
The beats of his heart began to quicken, looking at that familiar person in front of him. That pounding of his heart was just as it was before in those days.
—This man is one of a kind. He's so special that there is not one person who would be able to replace him.
—This is the only Omega General in the Empire, the person Rosen loves the most, the most valuable treasure he places in his heart.
The appearance of a frowning Ling Yu is no doubt ice-cold and solemn. His whole body even imperceptibly exudes a chilly nip in the air of "those who get near me shall perish". If it was anyone else, perhaps they would simply not dare to get close, but in Rosen's eyes, Ling Yu's appearance as he knits his brow is on the contrary, very good-looking. The image of him quietly sitting there is definitely the most preciously beautiful sight.
Rosen's gaze has been continuously cast upon Ling Yu's body as if he could never tire of looking.
Sensing the other-side's red-hot gaze, Ling Yu puzzledly turned his head over in return. He lifted his chin up and looked at Rosen: "What is it?"
Rosen smiled and walked over to his side, also sitting down on that stone, and softly asked: "What are you thinking about?"
Ling Yu: "........."
This question cannot be answered.
Because he was just thinking about the matter of "estrus".
Over the years, Ling Yu has always injected his inhibitor on time in intervals of once every three months, the next injection time should be on the 1st of next month, it is now the 18th, and there is 12 more day's time until his estrus......
It would indeed be very difficult to leave here and return to Naomi Star within 12 days.
They not only need to find a galaxy air route that can be space jumped, but they also need to allow the mech, Black Dragon, to sufficiently replenish its energy. Not to mention that Pavo is very far away from the Northern Hemisphere Constellations where the Empire is located. The route of this journey in the universe will take a lot of time, just the power source issue is enough to make Ling Yu's head ache.
Black Dragon only has 10% energy remaining, solely relying on the conversion of solar energy, at what year and at what month will its reserves be full?
If he is still unable to leave here after 12 days......
Ling Yu can't help but lift his head and look at Rosen.
Fortunately, with an Alpha around, at least he won't have a mental breakdown due to there not being anyone to mark him during his estrus.
At that time, in the event that he genuinely goes into estrus, just let Rosen......
Thinking back to those scenes in his memories of his body being occupied by this man, the bottom of Ling Yu's heart tightened up and he immediately moves his line of sight away.
Rosen was being looked at without rhyme or reason.
His Omega suddenly looked up and gave a cold glance at him, then immediately afterward removed his gaze. What does this mean? Does it mean he's angry?
Rosen asked in confusion: "What's wrong? Were you hurt just now in the wormhole? Do you want to have Black Dragon to check it for you?"
Ling Yu insipidly said: "I'm fine."
Being too close to Rosen made his heartbeat inexplicably speed up. This kind of strange reaction made Ling Yu somewhat irritable, he shifted to the side without batting an eyelid, keeping a friendly distance spanning one meter with Rosen.
Rosen glanced at him carefully and found that he didn't look like he was injured, so only then did he relinquish his worries.
Walking to the middle of the wide-open space in the middle of the cave, Rosen called out Black Dragon, he moved the bed out from Black Dragon's control cabin and set it up in the cave. He also moved the sofa out and placed it to the side. He even pulled out some drinking water and food, he even thoughtfully moved out a dining table.
Ling Yu: "..............."
This is truly Rosen. He doesn't think of any ways to get out of here as soon as possible, but he instead swiftly moves his hands and feet about to pretty the cave up. The barren cave was very quickly fixed up by him into a temporary room, it was as if the two were not swept away by a cosmic wormhole to a desolate unknown planet, but rather on a vacation to the countryside.
Ling Yu looked at the large bed, sofa, and dining table that terribly conflicted with the surrounding environment......
He finally couldn't help but frown and say: "If we don't think of a way to leave here as soon as possible, will you instead plan on staying here forever?"
Rosen explained in all seriousness: " I also want to go back as soon as possible, but the circumstances don't allow it."
Ling Yu: "......"
This is actually the truth.
Rosen smiled and said: "Black Dragon needs to replenish enough energy to execute space jumps. Moreover, Pavo is too far from the Empire and is also close to the Federation's domain. If by any chance we just jump out and were immediately met with a Legion of the Federation, how wouldn't that just be throwing away our lives in vain?"
Rosen came up to Ling Yu, looked down to gaze at him, and also softened his tone a bit, "Since there's nothing we can do to leave for a while, we'll be living here for a few days then." Rosen pointed to the bed behind him, "Why don't you get some sleep if you're tired?"
Ling Yu: "......"
Rosen's gentle tone as he looks after him makes Ling Yu feel very awkward.
He is a General who in the past had always played the role of a decision-maker, he never required the care of others. Rosen's tone was truly so gentle that it made his scalp go numb.
Looking back at the cave, it looked very out of place putting the bed and sofa inside the originally empty cave. However, Ling Yu did not mind these details. The soft sofa was obviously much more comfortable than the hard stone. He would not have to continue enduring sitting on the cold stone with the sofa.
Ignoring the peculiarities of his heart, Ling Yu went to one side of the sofa and sat down. He attentively looked at the various ores emitting a fluorescence on the walls of the cave— these ores are all different in shape and look very beautiful. Only, he's never seen them before. Ling Yu is also unable to ascertain what the use these kinds of ores have.
After some silence, Black Dragon suddenly said: "Master, the communicator has received a message from Lin Yuan."
When Ling Yu who was sitting on the sofa heard this name, his back suddenly went stiff.
Rosen glanced at him and looked back Black Dragon, saying, "Open it."
Black Dragon immediately projects the characters of the message in the air—
"Father, is this campaign still going well? I am awaiting your safe and sound return."
A simple line of sending a greeting, the time it was sent out was in the wee hours of one o'clock in the morning, but at present, the time was four o'clock in the early morning.
Pavo doesn't have a corresponding signal from a space station, their connection with the Empire has been completely severed, this message should have been received at the time of the wormhole, resulting in it being delayed for a few hours. Rosen picked up his communicator and re-dialed Lin Yuan's number, but he couldn't get through.
Ling Yu was sat on the sofa, frowning as he looked at the simple line of characters that Black Dragon projected, in particular, the address of "Father", which made his mood very complicated and he could not help but ask: "Xiao Yuan knows that you are......? "
Rosen gave a small smile and went up to him. He sat down on the sofa shoulder to shoulder, he explained in a low voice: "I've met up with Xiao Yuan before, Xiao Yuan knows I am his father. I permitted the initiation of a communication connection with the highest authority between Black Dragon and Suzaku, he can skip directly over the military defense network and send me messages. Oh, by the way, Suzaku is now in Xiao Yuan's hands."
Ling Yu: "......"
Rosen looked his head back to look at him, his voice asked with a softness: "Would you like to see what your son looks like?"
Ling Yu's face appeared to be pretending to be undisturbed, but there was a lingering desire revealed in his eyes. Rosen soon had Black Dragon play a film.
This was when Rosen paid a visit to Mrs. Lin on Planet Rennes and saw fragments of video recordings of the Xiao Yuan's childhood. After obtaining the approval of Mrs. Lin, he copied the video materials and placed it in Black Dragon's data center.
Black Dragon affectionately projected a big screen onto the cave wall and began to play a video of Lin Yuan from when he was a child.
A four-year-old little guy who had just recently come to Mrs. Lin's home was rolling around in the bedroom on a bed, he rolled into a somersault from one end of a bed to the other, not tiring a bit. Flipping by himself from here to there, he looked like he was having a great time playing......
The true to life 3D video makes the image appear extraordinarily clear, just as if the child was in front of himself.
Ling Yu looked at the child's unruly manner as he rolled on the bed, an unbearable stabbing pain burst in the bottom of his heart.
Back during the time when he sent the child away, that child had just turned four years old. Even for someone as strong as Ling Yu, there was no way for him to placidly bear the pain when faced with this kind of separation from his own flesh and blood. Fortunately, he had Ling Feng at his side to accompany him. Over the years, he has always learned about his son as he grew up through Zhou Yi and Fornt. He knows that he is in good health, he has very good grades, and he has also won many trophies......
As a dad, he is both gratified and feels a great sense of loss.
As a General, he shoulders too many responsibilities, but he had no way to fulfill his responsibility as a dad.
He couldn't accompany his son as he grew up, this may be his biggest regret.
At this moment, watching the scattered fragments of the small child's life in the videotapes, watching him gradually grow up, from a chubby little ball into a slenderly built teenager, Ling Yu's heart suddenly had mixed feelings. His chest is tight and he is lost for words.
Rosen looked at the expression on Ling Yu's face and had guessed his thoughts long ago. He couldn't help but gently throw his arm around his shoulder and say with a hushed voice: "I also have some video recordings of Xiao Yuan participating in a competition. Do you want to take a look?"
Ling Yu nodded.
Rosen had Black Dragon play another video.
This is a video of a match recorded in this year's National Mech Competition. A red humanoid mech is on the field and charges to attack an enemy and it is unstoppable like a hurricane. All kinds of high-difficulty movements are connected and flow together seamlessly. Enthusiastic applause constantly erupts from the audience.
Rosen points at that mech and speaks with pride in his voice: "This red mech is the one your son is piloting. In terms of mech piloting, he has entirely inherited our talent. His mental threshold may even be higher than yours and mine."
Ling Yu was unable to take his eyes off of the screen.
Lin Yuan cleverly avoided his opponent's attack and his movements were neat and efficient, that air rotation in particular was extraordinarily beautiful, he even still made use of a spare moment to turn the blade in his hand over and cut down towards the other party.
The corners of Ling Yu's mouth could not help but slightly lift up.
This child's mech piloting level is very good, he was able to achieve this stage at such a young age, he proved himself to be his son.
After the video of the competition, the final award ceremony quickly followed. Lin Yuan, as the representative of the school, came onto the stage to receive the award. The young man's military saluting posture towards the honored guests was incomparably proper. He stood with his body ramrod straight, even though he looked somewhat soft and immature, his body however already had the air of a soldier that closely followed his father's righteousness and pridefulness.
After getting the award, Lin Yuan smiled at the camera lens, the smile on his face gleamed and shone like dazzling sunlight.
—This is indeed their child, carrying their bloodline on.
Rosen looked at Ling Yu earnestly fixing his attention on the screen, he also cannot help but warm his tone, "Xiao Yuan looks very much like you. When I saw him for the first time, I felt that he was especially familiar."
It seems to be due to his son being on the screen that Ling Yu's constant expression of cold indifference minusculely softened too. He even rarely answered Rosen's words and said faintly: "I don't think he looks like me...... How does he like smiling so much?"
Rosen said in a whisper: "He is just as slow as you are too."
Ling Yu did not hear clearly and asked: "What did you say?"
Rosen slightly smiled and said: "His appearance doesn't look too much like you, but his eyes look especially like yours."
"Do they?" Ling Yu looked back at Rosen, just in time to be met with Rosen's gaze.
......their puzzled expressions truly look extremely alike.
Both father and son have a pair of jet-black and clear eyes. Although the big one's eyes are always cold and indifferent and the little one's eyes always carry along a smiling expression. But if you look closely, you could still make out those kinds of genetic qualities that come from the connection of their bloodlines.
Perhaps Ling Yu himself did not think so, but as far as Rosen is concerned, when he saw such a pair of eyes, the shock of this heart was simply beyond words.
Rosen earnestly gazed into Ling Yu's eyes. After a good while, he reached out and gently held the back of Ling Yu's hand. He spoke in a soft voice: "Ling Yu, our son, Xiao Yuan, he is very outstanding, isn't he?" "
Our son......
This sentence was spoken naturally beyond compare, just as if an old man and his wife were talking about their child.
But Ling Yu was simply unable to refute it.
That's right, that is indeed their child, that child is both of their own flesh and blood and their genes have been passed on to him. This wonderful son is the pride of his two fathers and he has also become a type of bloodline connection between his two fathers that is impossible to be severed.
Being lightly gripped by Rosen's fingers, looking at his son's glittering smile facing the camera lens. Ling Yu unexpectedly forgot for a moment to break away from Rosen's hand.
The two sat side by side on the sofa and watched the video recording of their son's match together. Inexplicably, Ling Yu suddenly thought......
There seems to be a strange bond that closely joins our hearts together.
The author has something to say: A new volume is starting!
eta Ursae Majoris Starfield settled the Snow family, you look forward to the Ball family's meat and being reunited, ah, it is all in this volume, ah~!
Thanks to the fans who cast an Overlord Ticket during this time, the list of names goes on and on~~ each person gets a muah~ ~
I take the landmines and give them to Black Dragon for padding in some energy, Black Dragon doesn't move, the Master is stranded on Pavo (Is it to your liking?) ~
(
TN
: Ha! Happy Thanksgiving! For me at least... Even if you don't celebrate it, here nonetheless is a show of my gratitude, by doing what I always do and uploading a new chapter! Ai~ So what if it's nothing out of the ordinary for a translator to do lol, there is a special ingredient I put in while translating! That! Is! Love! I couldn't edit it as in-depth as I wished, I must run off to spend time with my family instead of hermiting myself away in the basement. Ah, look at the time, I must go! Don't forget to eat lots of canned cranberry jelly loves!)
Chapter 082. Traitor
It was only until the video on the screen completely finished playing that Ling Yu abruptly reacted—
He did not take notice of Rosen's approach, he even let Rosen hold his hand?
Ling Yu went stiff, an intimate distance like this made him feel thoroughly awkward from the bottom of his heart and he immediately pulled his hand back without batting an eyelid. He got up and went to the side of the dining table, his gaze made a full rotation sweeping across the food on the table. He found a small box of biscuits and ate it as soon as he tore the package open.
There is a lounge and a food reserve inside the S-Class mech. Rosen not only moved the bed and sofa out from the lounge and into the cave, but he also took both of the food and drinking water out. He would normally eat food freshly-made in the kitchen on the Glory Command Carrier, the food stored in Black Dragon's reserve hold was all vacuum-sealed biscuits and the like, the two of them could only eat for three days at most.
In other words, on this strange planet, they not only had to worry about the issue of Black Dragon's power source, but they also need to worry about the issue of their food. It would be too tragic if these two Generals had smoothly escaped from the battlefield only to end up being starved to death.
Ling Yu consumed a small box of biscuits, he evidently had not eaten his fill and so he opened another box.
—Just like Lin Yuan, this dad of his is also a big eater. However, unlike Lin Yuan who wore a smile on his face and looked satisfied as he ate something, when this dad of his ate something, his face was expressionless just as if he were swiftly and decisively marching into battle.
In just three short minutes, five empty biscuit bags appeared on the dining table.
General Ling Yu disposed of his food just as quickly as he disposed of his enemies, amazingly quick and violent.
Rosen couldn't help but once again think of the gluttonous Lin Yuan.
Sure enough, genetic inheritance is an awfully wonderful kind of thing. These two father and son undoubtedly look different and there is also an extremely great disparity in their personalities, but he can always find a few subtle commonalities between them at hand.
—Such as the same slowness and the same super large appetites. As Omegas, they both have the same bone-deep pride and desire for freedom.
Looking at Ling Yu and thinking of his son, that sense of kinship makes a trace of warmth and a feeling of happiness well up in Rosen's heart.
Ling Yu and Xiao Yuan, these two people are the ones that he wishes to protect and cherish in his lifetime. They survived without a hitch and even though they fell on this strange planet, Rosen believes that there will inevitably be a day for their whole family to reunite.
After Ling Yu had eaten his fill, he saw Rosen sitting on the couch looking at him from start to finish, he soon opened his mouth and asked: "Are you not hungry"
Right after he spoke he looked around for a box of biscuits on the table and threw it over, "Here you go."
Rosen accurately reached out to accept it. With a glance, he found they were vanilla-flavored compressed biscuits. He was surprised and couldn't help but ask: "Do you actually remember that this is my favorite flavor?"
"......" Ling Yu faintly said, "I took whatever was closest."
Rosen did not refute him, yet he couldn't help but slightly lift his lips up.
The Marshal who had always been cold, detached, and unyielding smiles in the presence of the person he loves almost as many times as he had in a year. If his subordinates in the Glory Legion caught sight of the way their Marshal's smiled, they would likely be terrified.
There is indeed nothing to be done, looking at the person he likes wearing a cold expression standing in front of him, Rosen cannot help but be in a cheery mood.
—Even remembering which biscuits he is fond of eating, does he still dare say that he is not in his heart?
Ling Yu's brain is pondering over various military strategies 60% of the time. The remaining 40% of the time it is either dreaming or inactive. Personal feelings take up less than 1% of the space in his brain. To him, his relationships with others are only a few simple varieties— strangers, enemies, loved ones, and comrades-in-arms. Rosen was apparently classified by him into the "comrades-in-arms" category.
—It is absolutely vital to properly talk over the status of the relationship between the two of them.
However, Rosen had not even had time to open his mouth to speak when Ling Yu abruptly spoke up: "It seems like we will be going to be staying on this planet for a very long time. If you are not there...... Will the Glory Legion be alright?"
Bringing up the subject of his Legion, Rosen can't help but be serious, "Everything will be fine. When I am not there, Lieutenant General Victor will temporarily take my place and manage the Legion, but on the Federation side......" Rosen paused and raised his head to look at Ling Yu as he spoke, "Although when we left the Greedy Wolf Legion and the Falcon Legion had retreated, it is nevertheless hard to say that Vladimir won't make a comeback."
Ling Yu lowered his head in thought and said: "Vladimir is naturally predisposed to be crafty and paranoid. Since he found out that Naomi Star has a mysterious base, he should not act without careful consideration. In fact, the Federation's resources from stars are many and the most precious energy stones that have also been extracted by him from Naomi Star are good enough. Giving up Naomi Star is not a big loss for him...... ......I actually think that he would lead his Legion straight back to the central starfield of the Federation "
Rosen was silent for a moment, "The mysterious base on Naomi Star that you're talking about is the armed forces that were surreptitiously helping me when I was fighting the Greedy Wolf Legion? Then the air-guided missiles that were fired at the rear of the Greedy Wolf Legion at that time were under your command?"
Ling Yu nodded and said: " Yes, that's right."
Rosen looked at him with a complex expression, after a good while he then asked in a low voice: "Ling Yu, you've been hidden away in the dark for all these years, what have you been doing after all? Is this all...... His Majesty's plan?"
Ling Yu lifted his head up and his clear black eyes seriously looked at Rosen, "If I spill every secret, will you be able to put enough trust in me? Will you stand on the side of His Majesty and me?"
Rosen earnestly looked at Ling Yu and said: "I believe in you and His Majesty. I am also willing to stand side by side with you two. If you and His Majesty are actually doing something that I am truly unable to tolerate, I would rather voluntarily resign myself from my post of Marshal than stand in opposition to the two of you......"
Rosen stood up from the sofa and walked in front of Ling Yu, lowering his head to fix his gaze upon him, his eyes were gentle and soft, yet his tone was contrarily exceptionally firm, "Ling Yu, you are the man I love the most. His Majesty is also someone who had the kindness to recognize my worth and place me in this position. I, Rosen, will never raise arms against the two of you."
Ling Yu: "........."
Ling Yu's heart suddenly trembled—
I would rather resign from my post of Marshal, I also wouldn't raise arms against the two of you either?
This is Rosen's devotion and trust in him and His Majesty?
Yet he and His Majesty, however, had not completely trusted this person.
If at that time he didn't want to avoid Rosen due to his pregnancy, if he had trusted Rosen enough to tell him the full truth, this man would not have suffered so much over these past years......
As soon as he thought of him going so far as to set up a tombstone at his home, Ling Yu then felt a grip tightening around his heart.
Looking up at Rosen's resolute gaze, there was well-deserved trustworthiness closely packed in there.
Ling Yu looked at him and spoke from his heart, "Rosen, thank you."
Rosen couldn't help but smile— the last time they chatted about military affairs was more than ten years ago. The night before the Ling Yu commanded the military to raid Naomi Star, Rosen went over it in the command headquarters on Planet Rennes. The two people sat in the courtyard and chatted casually as they admired the snowy scenery.
Planet Rennes snows all year round, but on that day, it was actually a rare sunny day. Rosen was never able to forget how the resplendent stars in the night sky shone in the clear eyes of the young General in front of him. They peacefully looked at each other face to face as if they were the only two people left in the entire world.
He smiled and saw Ling Yu off to the battle. Unexpectedly, Ling Yu ran into trouble on the battlefield. His identity as an Omega was exposed. When he returned to the Cigar Galaxy, he was already beaten black and blue. Within one short month, the military was riding amidst the winds of change and after that, they were then separated as long as 19 years.
After so many years had passed, today, the two actually stood together once more.
......Ling Yu, you have no idea at all what kind of happiness it brings Rosen to stand beside you.
Rosen spoke softly: "What have you been planning with His Majesty? Tell me clearly, okay?"
Ling Yu looked down to think it over for a moment before opening his mouth to speak: "His Majesty has always suspected that there are traitors in the military. He wishes to carry out a cleansing. Do you still remember the proposal from the Central Hospital's research team put forth pertaining to the reform of Omega Rights during those days?"
The motion proposed to utilize the method of in vitro fertilization for embryo transplantation to improve the fertility rate of Beta and resolve the issue of the decreasing population growth, thereby allowing Omegas to use medicine to control involuntary estrus and have the ability to receive the same freedoms and jobs as Alphas and Betas. All Omegas can choose their own schools before they turn 18 and they cannot involuntarily be forcibly designated a marriage after turning 18 years old either.
The scientists at Imperial Central Hospital stated that the only way to thoroughly resolve the lurking peril hidden in the negative population growth is to achieve true equality between the three ABO sexes. Just controlling Omegas will only cause adverse effects. Many Omegas suffer from clinical depression due to feeling repressed even though their fertility rates are high. There are Omegas everywhere whose physical conditions are getting worse and worse because of postpartum depression. There are even Omegas who commit suicide due to postpartum depression.
This proposal caused an uproar in the military. For those Alphas who are pure-blood elitists, they are used to treating Omegas like their own personal belongings. To allow Omegas to inject medicine to control estrus and to even have freedom, they certainly are unable to tolerate it.
This proposal was quickly met with rejection and the President of the Omega Protection Association at the time who was acting in concert with the experts from Imperial Central Hospital to put forward this proposal had even been removed from office as a result.
Back then, Rosen was only a Colonel, this also remains fresh in his memory, "I remember afterward that the proposal was vetoed by the military."
Ling Yu spoke coldly: "Most of the elders who held power in the past were chauvinists of the highest pure-blood elitism. This proposal had assuredly been overruled. However, they probably did not expect that the supporter behind this proposal was, in fact, His Majesty, Trent.
Rosen said in astonishment: "It was His Majesty?"
Ling Yu nodded. "His Majesty asked people to raise this proposal, but he only wanted to test the waters of the military's position. In those days, after Queen Anna had given birth to the eldest prince, she had been having constant postpartum depression, plus the eldest prince is also an Omega. His Majesty wanted to fight for a few freedoms and rights for his wife and children and he also wishes to fight for Omegas in the whole Empire. He has always wanted to reform this kind of corrupt system ever since he succeeded the throne, but he can't directly set himself against the military. So he is cultivating his own power."
Ling Yu, as a Beta in those days, had always been a lowly Lieutenant Colonel even though he time and time again drew up outstanding military service. Just because of his identity as a Beta, the motion to confer him the rank of General had been repeatedly been met with opposition of the Alphas in the military. If it wasn't for His Majesty's insistence and the pressure of public opinion from the masses, the proposal to grant the rank of Major General to Ling Yu would have never gone through. In a similar fashion, Rosen too had a hard time getting promoted in the military due to the decline of his family's influence.
It can be said that he and Ling Yu are both officers who had been pulled up for promotion by His Majesty's hand.
Ling Yu carried on speaking: "Later, the influence of the Glory Legion and the Dark Night Legion grew to be more and more powerful. Several generalissimos of the military began to perceive this crisis. They wanted to get rid of me, but they could not find anything to use against me. Thus they used deplorable means......"
Recalling those days into his mind, Ling Yu's gaze immediately grew sharp, "No one knew that I was an Omega and I had always left it to Suzaku to hold my inhibitors in safekeeping. It was simply impossible for there to have been a mistake. The only explanation is that someone secretly drugged my food or drinking water, causing my inhibitor to suddenly fail and make me unexpectedly go into estrus......"
Ling Yu lightly tightened his hand into a fist, "Their real intentions were to have me die, but they didn't want to bring about such unexpected consequences. You later utilized my pregnancy to use as an excuse to save me from prison. Even when they attempted to assassinate me they weren't able to take my life. So, with the help of His Majesty, I secretly piloted the Black Dragon replica and left Cepheus. In addition, I also left behind a large number of mech fragments in the interstellar ruins in order to make those people think that I had died...... This was the only way that they would be put to rest I would be able to safely keep on living."
Listening to Ling Yu serenely bringing up that part of his past, Rosen couldn't help but feel a burst of heartache.
Ling Yu went through too many hardships and setbacks as an Omega.
In order to save his life at that time, Ling Yu did not tell anyone the truth, he even had reservations about Rosen to some extent...... Because he was already at the end of his rope, even if there was a 1/10,000 possibility of betrayal, he could not afford to take that gamble. Therefore he might as well just not tell anyone at all. This was simply due to his instinctual protection of himself.
He had already been completely let down by the military, he could no longer fully trust anyone in the military.
Seeing Ling Yu tightly clenching his fists, Rosen couldn't help but lightly place his hand on his shoulder and ask with a soft voice: "What happened afterward? Where did you escape to?"
Ling Yu took in a deep breath to stabilize his mood a bit. After skipping over the matter of his older brother Ling Feng, he briefly said: "...... afterward, I secretly landed on Naomi Star. At that time, Naomi Star was a starfield that was still on a common boundary line between the two sides and it wasn't occupied by the Greedy Wolf Legion. I took my most loyal subordinates of the fleet and quickly set up an underground military base in Naomi Star. His Majesty suspects that back when I attacked Naomi Star and was met with an ambush by the Greedy Wolf Legion, that someone in the military deliberately sent information out to the Federations side in advance. They wanted to eliminate me via the Federation's hand...... I secretly hid away in Naomi Star not only to preserve the strength of the Dark Night Legion but to also keep a close watch over the Greedy Wolf Legions movements."
The hand Rosen placed on his shoulder imperceptibly tightened, his gaze couldn't help but grow deep, "I take it that this time when the Glory Legion attacked Naomi Star and encountered an ambush from two of the Federation's Legions, someone also must have given the Federation information in advance...... Who do you think the traitor in the military is?"
Ling Yu faintly creased his brows, "I'm not sure either. I only know that the man's influence in the military is very large. He has planted agents in my Dark Night Legion and also your Glory Legion. Even now I couldn't make a guess who the person who drugged me at that time was."
Rosen was silent for a moment, thinking of something, a thread of intuition suddenly flashed in his eyes—
"Perhaps, I might be able to guess who the person who betrayed you was."
Ling Yu was stunned. "Who is it?"
Rosen said: "Which ones out of your closest officers at you side back then could access your food"
Ling Yu thought it over and said, "Knox, Irene, Keriman, Zhou Yi, Fornt...... These people were all brought up for promotion by my hand and they have been by my side for so many years...... It can't be them."
Rosen said in a low voice: "After you were expelled from the military registry, Lieutenant Colonel Zhou Yi retired from the military, Knox and Irene left the army to go to St. Romia Military Academy as military instructors, and Fornt lives in seclusion on Planet Rennes, Keriman...... At my invitation, he came to the Glory Legion. "
Ling Yu said in shock:" You mean to say...... "
Rosen nodded his head, "After the dissolution of the Dark Night Legion, I issued an invitation to all of your subordinates, welcoming them to come to the Glory Legion and promising to give them the same rank they held in the Dark Night Legion. In the end, every reply I received was a rejection...... Because a great number of officers of the Dark Night Legion are only loyal to you, they would only recognize you as their General."
Ling Yu suddenly went silent.
The subordinates he brought up with his own hand were indeed very unwilling to go to other Legions to listen to and obey another General's commands. Moreover, after Rosen marked him in those days, many members of the Dark Night Legion were actually highly resentful towards Rosen. Yet Lieutenant Colonel Keriman was unexpectedly willing to work under Rosen?
Thinking about it carefully, before the accident, he really did drink the water that person gave to him. The bottle was sealed and he didn't think too much of it either.
Keriman was an officer who Ling Yu have personally selected for promotion. Like Ling Yu, he was also a Beta youth with no background and a poor family. His gentle character even resembled Ling Feng a little......
Ling Yu always felt very close and dear with him and trusted him very much.
Unexpectedly......
If it was really him, how could he smile as he handed that bottle of water over?!
Rosen continued: "Keriman is now one of the commanders in my Glory Legion. For the sake of your honor, I have always placed him in important positions in recent years. His rank has also risen to Major General along the way...... This time, there were not many people who knew the Glory Command Carriers space jump route for this raid on Naomi Star. You said that the sudden failure of the inhibitor back then was from adding toxins to your food or drinking water. With your cautiousness, if someone who you didn't highly trust gave you something, you'd never eat it. The person who had access to your food and drink was obviously a trusted aide at your side...... Obviously, there is a very high possibility that he is the traitor within our own ranks!"
Ling Yu frowned slightly, but he didn't know what the right thing to say was.
His most trusted subordinate actually stabbed him in the back with a knife, the feeling of loss and bitter disappointment is truly indescribable.
Rosen gently kept his hand on Ling Yu's shoulder and whispered: "Rest assured, no matter who it is, I will never let the person who betrayed us get away with it!"
Ling Yu silent for a moment, he nodded his head and said: "Whether it's him or not, let's put this discussion off until we find proof. The most crucial question now is, how do we get out of here?"
Whether cooperating with His Majesty's reforms or dealing with the traitor hidden in their Legions and traitors in the military department, all of which are based on the premise that they can successfully return to Naomi Star alive. Now being stranded on this remote Pavo Constellation of the Southern Hemisphere, they are completely beyond the reach of the Capital Star.
Ling Yu turned and walked to the boundary of the cave. He attentively looked at the ores on the wall, he held his hand out and stroked them. After a while, he said, "This type of ore...... seems like it is one type of energy stone that Berg once told me about. But this kind of energy stone is very uncommon in the Empire...... What about it Black Dragon? You can give it a try, see if you can extract energy from these ores. If you can, extracting energy from ores is much faster than simply converting light energy."
Rosen nodded and said in a low voice: "Black Dragon, come and give it a try."
Black Dragon calmly said: "Master, I have already absorbed all the energy that can be extracted from the cave, I was just about to report it to you."
Rosen: "......"
Ling Yu: "......"
No wonder the lighting in the cave seemed to suddenly darken. It turned out that Black Dragon was stealthily "foraging". Taking advantage of the time the two spent seriously chatting, Black Dragon had already quickly absorbed the energy of the ores in the cave.
This mech is sometimes even more decisive and blunt than its Master.
Rosen couldn't help but lightly chuckle and say: "Well done. There should be many such caves in the forest. After dawn breaks, I will take you out scouting again. Like this, our hope of leaving Pavo will be one step closer."
Black Dragon said: "That's right, Master."
Ling Yu's expression also slightly loosened up— these ores are really energy stones, this is actually a pleasant surprise.
If Black Dragon can extract a bit more energy from these ores and he can think of a way to find a space jump route, perhaps he can leave Pavo before the arrival of his estrus.
When Ling Yu thought of this, he walked to an open space in the cave and picked up a stone to draw onto the ground.
Rosen saw him earnestly drawing a picture on the ground, he couldn't help but walk up to him and ask in confusion: "What are you drawing?"
Ling Yu said: "Simulated star atlas."
Rosen carefully looked and sure enough, he saw that multiple little dots were drawn on the ground to represent planets. There were tangled and intricate lines connecting between the dots. After a while, the analog star atlas was tentatively completed. A peacock with its head raised high with its tail spread appeared on the ground. The position of the two of them had been marked off— it was a minor planet situated at the
head of Pavo
.
(
TN
: The head of the peacock-shaped design of Pavo. )
Rosen said in awe: "You even understand this?"
Ling Yu faintly hummed in acknowledgment.
Ling Yu truly is a representative of the academics. He is an erudite intellectual. He used to spend almost every day in the library when he was in school. He not only read military books, but he was also very interested in astronomy, history and as well as all kinds of myths and legends. It can be said that he feasted his eyes upon hoards of books.Unexpectedly, he was able to use the position of stars in the sky to assess the coordinates of the whole Pavo constellation.
Rosen is immediately full of admiration for his extraordinary Omega.
After Ling Yu finished drawing the star atlas, he stood up and looked at all of the positions on the ground. He thoughtfully said: "Pavo is situated between
Indus
and
Apus
. If we have Black Dragon pass through galaxies with space jumps to return to the Empire's territory, the nearest route is to go to Apus first and then to
Triangulum Australe
. We can then return to Naomi Star by passing through Triangulum Australe to the Isville Cosmic Wormhole."
(
TN
: All of these are real constellations too. Indus is Latin for Indian, Apus comes from the Greek word apous which means "footless", but it is meant to represent the bird of paradise which were thought to not have feet, and Triangulum Australe means the southern triangle.)
Rosen said calmly: "Triangulum Australe is the encampment of the Federation's Falcon Legion. If we space jump to the Federation's land and are by any chance intercepted, we will be in a lot of danger."
"True." Ling Yu was silent for a moment, "I'll think about it again then, maybe there are other routes."
Rosen saw him bow down seriously conscientiously lower his head and reflect on it, he can't help but say: "Aren't you tired?"
Ling Yu turned his head around and said: "What?"
Rosen smiled, "Your personality is the same as before. If you come across a problem, you must think of a solution before you're willing to rest. However, it already more than four in the morning at the moment. Are you going to continue thinking about it? It would be better to sleep for a bit first to raise your spirits, It won't be too late to think about it again tomorrow."
When Rosen says it like that, Ling Yu indeed feels an onset of extreme drowsiness.
When he was piloting his mech in the wormhole, he was originally mentally overloaded. Later, he was continuously plagued by nightmares during the time he lost consciousness. After waking up, he forced himself to think over all kinds of things on his last bit of energy, not paying attention to the issue of time in the slightest
It was surprisingly already four o'clock in the morning......
Ling Yu massaged his aching and throbbing temples and went to one side of the sofa to sit down and quietly said: "Then I will rest for a bit first, there's no rush anyways. I'll think of another way tomorrow......"
He spoke as he closed his eyes, he turned his head askew and rested it against the sofa. His breaths quickly evened out and he fell asleep.
Rosen broke into laughter.
Ling Yu's character was truly straightforward. If you say to rest, he won't take a minute to fall straight asleep.
Looking at the way he closed his eyes peacefully fast asleep, Rosen's heart felt soft and he walked forward to gently lift him from the sofa. He carefully took off his boots, his military uniform coat, and then put him down on the bed. He gave him a comfortable pillow to cushion his head with and then carefully covered him with a warm quilt.
Rosen couldn't help but sigh: Personally taking care of his own Omega, this kind of feeling is truly nice.
(
TN
: Thanks to everyone for being patient. I am very tired, but who cares since I got it done! I can't tell if this really was a long chapter or my tired brain is distorting my sense of what is considered long, but it felt like it took a longer time to translate then usual... Seems like we got a possible traitor on board, gotta catch them all though! Keriman... Keeping an eye on you!—K.)
Chapter 083. Wounded
That evening, because Lin Yuan was worried that his father had run into trouble, he never went back to sleep after he woke up. He donned a pair of distinct dark circles when he got out of bed in the morning. Caesar was able to see this with a glance.
On their way walking over to the classroom, Caesar couldn't help but ask: "What's wrong? Didn't sleep well last night?"
Lin Yuan hesitated for a moment before quietly saying: "I had a nightmare last night that woke me up in the middle of the night. I'm worried that something bad has happened to my father. I sent him a message a while back...... But even up until now, I haven't received any reply at all."
Lin Yuan raised his head to look at Caesar and somewhat worriedly said: "I've been unable to connect to his communicator, could something bad really have happened to him?"
Caesar was lost for words seeing the uneasiness on Lin Yuan's face, a trace of a foreboding premonition arose in the bottom of his heart.
But at this moment, Lin Yuan is already nervous enough, he must calm down. Thinking of this, Caesar soon gently rested his hand on Lin Yuan's shoulder and said in a low voice: "Don't worry, go to class first. After I come back at noon, I will contact my father and ask him for details on the situation. Perhaps the Marshal is on the front line battling the Federation and his communicator signal is affected, we can't know for sure either.
Seeing that they were almost running late to class, Lin Yuan was forced to nod his head and walk into the classroom together with Caesar.
There were four classes in the morning, time seems to stretch on for an eternity.
His strong uneasiness is like a black cloud in the sky, heavily pressing down his heart and impossible to disperse.
Even though Lin Yuan was attending class, he did not fully absorb any of the content in the teachers' lectures. The scene of the video call he had with his father before he went into battle played on a loop in his mind along with the view of his dad's back as he went far away that year when he was four......
The life or death of someone with his flesh and blood is currently unknown. Lin Yuan's heart feels as if a pair of hands are forcibly gripping it. He is even in such a worried and anxious mood that he is unable to sit still.
The teacher at the podium noticed Lin Yuan's anomaly and called on him quite a few times to stand up and answer questions.
Lin Yuan's thoughts were jumbled together in worry and his answers were in shambles. As the squad leader of the Command Department's Class 1, he has always been the hardest working and most earnest student in the eyes of his teachers. This is the first time he's been so off.
After school at noon, Instructor Irene was worried and called Lin Yuan over to her office by himself. Looking at the pale-faced youth in front of her, she asked in a gentle tone: "Lin Yuan, what happened? Why is your complexion so terrible?"
Lin Yuan put on a relaxed smile and said: "It's nothing, I didn't sleep well last night."
Irene saw that he didn't wish to say much more and that it wasn't good to push for answers. She soon afterward changed the topic: "About the nominations for the outstanding students that I previously had you collect the student votes from, how is the progress?"
"Oh...... I already finished collecting them." Lin Yuan took the collected results out from his bag and handed it to Irene.
As the squad leader, Lin Yuan's work has always made Irene feel reassured, he had resolved the task she assigned in one night.
Irene opened the consolidation table and roughly evaluated the final count— in the whole class of 50 student votes, the Betas almost unanimously cast their votes on Lin Yuan and on top of that, a portion of the Alphas also cast their votes on Lin Yuan. Lin Yuan dominated the ranks at the top of the list, even more so than Irene anticipated.
It seems that the fellow students in this class are already acknowledging this Beta youth as their squad leader more and more.
Irene smiled and said: "According to the results of the votes, you are the one chosen by our class for as the annual outstanding student. I will now submit an application to the Education Administration Office, the honorary certificates and scholarships are estimated to be sent out by next month."
Lin Yuan nodded his head, "Thank you, Instructor."
Unlike the first, second, and third scholarships assessed on the basis of their grades, each class only has one quota for this outstanding student casting ballot, it is very precious. This honor is not only a recognition of a student's achievements, but it is also a tell of a student's popularity in the class and as well as their comprehensive ability in all aspects. It is a highly blessed thing to be able to receive this kind of award and yet Lin Yuan's head is drooped down without a single trace of happiness on his face.
Such good news didn't make him cheer up...... What's going on with him after all?
Looking at the back of Lin Yuan's drooped head, Irene couldn't help think in distress: Could something have happened in this child's family?
Irene's conjecture was not at all without foundation. Lin Yuan's grades have always been very good, his personality was also cheerful and optimistic. It was unheard of for him to have any emotional problems. He was in such a downcast mood, there is only one possibility— that is, his family.
The reason why Lin Yuan was in a downcast mood was indeed because of his father, Rosen.
***
At this moment, Caesar was right in his bedroom, secretly talking to His Majesty, Trent over his communicator.
"......you mean, the Marshal entered the Isville Cosmic Wormhole and his whereabouts are unknown?"
Caesar was no doubt extremely shocked by this news. The Marshal has led the Glory Legion to triumph in every battle over the past years and has practically never slipped-up. How could he actually walk right into the Federation Legion's trap and be forced into the cosmic wormhole?
Thinking of the despondent appearance of Lin Yuan's drooping head, Caesar became even more distressed— if the Marshal has really been met with misfortune, how could Xiao Yuan be able to bear it? This father and son had just found each other not too long ago, and yet Xiao Yuan respects his father so much......
Trent looked at the leaden expression on his son's face. After a long time, he said: "With Lin Yuan, conceal it from him for the time being. The military has yet to announce the matter of Rosen's unknown whereabouts to the public. Drew has already led the Hydra Legion to leave for Naomi Star. The Glory Legion will also be looking for Rosen's whereabouts exhausting their full strength. Wait until this matter comes to a solid close, it won't be too late to let Lin Yuan know then."
Caesar prudently nodded, "I know what must be done."
Trent went silent for a moment and then spoke once again: "With your school system reform, it will take more than a month to have a vacation right?"
Caesar said: "En, the first semester will close in May, the exam schedule has also come out."
Trent said: "Don't come back to Cepheus to spend your vacation, keep Lin Yuan company and roam around. You have always been staying at the Capital Star these years, you should move around all over the place too."
Chapter 084. Omen
Back then when Ling Yu was a soldier in the Vanguard Battalion, he had suffered countless injuries piloting his mech to launch an assault on the enemy. Being injured has long-since become commonplace for him. He had nearly thrown away his life on the battlefield, he was not the slightest bit worried over such a small injury today, but it was, however, a completely different story for Rosen—
Because this was the first time that Ling Yu was injured right in front of him.
In these past few years, even though he was very worried every time he found out that Ling Yu was injured, he has never felt so distressed that it put him on the verge of suffocation like at this moment.
The dense thorns are pierced through Ling Yu's feet, flesh and blood were indistinguishable, it was if Rosen's heart was pierced through with sharp needles like a pincushion.
Rosen lifted his head up and looked at Ling Yu, his deep and low voice was incomparably soft and tender, "Can you still move your feet?"
Ling Yu slightly moved his ankle and calmly assessed the condition of his injury: "I can move it, it shouldn't be serious. There's no fracture, just some flesh wounds."
Rosen was silent for a moment and said in a low voice," I'll bandage it for you. "
After he finished speaking the words from his mouth, he got up and looked around for the medicine box in the mech lounge. He walked in front of Ling Yu and crouched down, gently holding his foot with his left hand, picking up a pair of pliers in his right hand, and began to carefully pluck the thorns remaining in his flesh out.
The thorns were black in color and as sinister as rusty iron nails. Dozens of thorns are thickly dotted, numerously pierced into his flesh and skin, it looks like a ghastly sight, even more dreadful is the fine barbs protruding from those thorns.
Rosen's hand pauses for a moment and he hardened his heart and determinately pulled it out— a small sliver of flesh was ripped out in wake of the barbed tip being pulled out from his originally badly mangled ankle. Stains of blood instantly dyed the surface under his feet a bright red.
"......" Ling Yu's whole body abruptly trembled and he immediately bit down on his lower lip harshly in order to avoid breathing out in pain.
Rosen looked up at Ling Yu, asking with heartache: "Does it hurt a lot......?"
"......" Ling Yu took in a deep breath and said in a low voice, "I'm fine."
Rosen lightly put his hand down, lowering his head, he cautiously and solemnly takes out the barbs in Ling's Yu's feet for him.
Ling Yu's body was as stiff as a statue. Every time a thorn was taken out, the flesh hooked by the barbed tips made Ling Yu shake in pain. Even now, he is still the prideful Ling Yu, he rigidly bites down on his lips without saying a word.
He never said that it hurt, he only clenched his teeth and endured it, but Rosen nevertheless knew how much pain Ling Yu was in......
The thorns of this plant were thick and hard and the threatening barbs were settled extremely securely in the flesh. Every time he got hold of the barbs with the pliers and pulled them out, it was just as if he was tearing the flesh off with his own two hands......
That moment when the blood came pouring out, Rosen even felt his breathing grow rougher and harder......
Looking at the baldly mutilated flesh and blood on his ankle, the pain in Rosen's heart was nearly driving him insane, but he could only take in a deep breath to do his utmost to maintain a cool head and keep his hands from shaking as much as he possibly could.
More and more barbs piled up on the tray and the cotton dyed red from blood soon fell scattered on the ground......
He didn't know how long had passed when the last thorn was successfully pulled out, Rosen's back had long-since been soaked thoroughly with sweat, there was a layer of cold sweat that had also been exuding from the palms of his hands.
Rosen put as much gentleness as he could in setting it down and carefully disinfecting the wound for Ling Yu, he then attentively applied a layer of ointment to the wound, carefully bandaging both of his feet with gauze.
Rosen said in a hushed tone: "Black Dragon, test it and see whether this kind of thorn carries any toxins."
Black Dragon immediately conducted an examination and quickly reported the end results: "Master, I didn't find any harmful components.
Rosen only then relinquished his worries and raised his head to look up at Ling Yu.
Ling Yu's complexion was a bit pale, he had made deep teeth marks on his lower lip from biting down, and cold sweat unceasingly poured out in torrents on his forehead, it was clearly extremely painful...... Rosen quickly got up and poured a glass of water, sitting next to Ling Yu's body, he said softly, "Come, drink a bit of water first."
Ling Yu took the water from his hand and drank a mouthful, enduring the piercing pain sourcing from his ankle, he changed the topic in a feigned nonchalance, saying: "Oh, that's right, don't you think the plants that attacked me today seemed like they had their own consciousness?"
Rosen was also very puzzled by this, he turned his head around to look at Ling Yu and said: " Yes, I think so. This is also the first time I've seen plants that actively attack humans."
Ling Yu thoughtfully spoke: "In the legends, there is a man-eating plant that could use humans as its food. I think the same is true of the trees we met today. Logically speaking, since there is habitability for life and vegetation on this planet, there should be animals too, but there were no animals whatsoever in this forest. Could it be that because of the existence of those carnivorous trees that none of the other animals dare to venture into this forest?"
Rosen's line of thought just so happened to coincide with Ling Yu's, he nodded and said: "Indeed, there is a possibility. The trees in this forest are so densely grown that if these trees are really able to use flesh as food, animals would naturally not dare to approach."
Putting two and two together with the large amount of blood that came pouring out from the tree vine from when the tree vine was chopped off from just a moment ago, the two looked at each other face to face and immediately gave a mutual look of dismay.
Ling Yu faintly creased his brows and said: "If that's the case, we can't chance to enter that forest again. It looks like the biscuit reserves you have won't last two days...... What do we do now?"
Rosen said with a smile: "No need to worry, we still have Black Dragon. Those trees like eating meat, they shouldn't like eating metal, now should they?"
Being mentioned by name, Black Dragon's golden eyes softly flickered, it came forward and said calmly: "Correct, Master, they didn't seem to have any interest in using my metal body as food."
Rosen nodded, calmly saying: "Then I'll give you a mission. Go circle around the inside of the forest, scan a 3D panoramic view simulation map of this forest, record the details of those plants and then see if there is anything edible along the way."
Black Dragon compliantly said: "Understood."
Looking on as Black Dragon flew straight out of the cave, Ling Yu was suddenly left lost for words.
Chapter 085.
(
TN
: For one reason or another I couldn't find the name of this chapter. I did try tho lol.)
This is undoubtedly an absurd dream.
In the dream, he once again went back to that sealed-off cell of nineteen years ago. Ling Yu dreamed of himself sitting on Rosen's body and holding the man's shoulder tightly, his legs were wound around his waist, allowing his body to be entered by that man, waves of heat repeatedly washed over his sensitive nerve endings. Ling Yu opened his mouth widely as he violently gasped for breath. The two people were like wild animals entangled together, only relying on their instincts to wildly take each other......
Those confusing scenes in the dream made Ling Yu's entire body start to heat up. When he woke up early in the morning, his clothes were soaked through with sweat, his shirt was sticking to his body. Ling Yu was embarrassed to find that his body had actually reacted, a distinct outline of his semi-hardness was pressed against his underwear and the fluid leaking out from the tip even dampened his underwear.
Ling Yu sucked in a deep breath, forcibly pressing the impulses back down into his body.
He surprisingly had a spring dream.
It was probably due to the influence of his dreams that an aching feeling of emptiness suddenly welled up from the depths of his body, the desire that he had just suppressed seemed to have a tendency to rear its ugly head once more. Ling Yu's back abruptly went stiff— he suddenly noticed that the pheromones in his body began to fluctuate unstably. The scent of these Omega pheromones will surely spread in the air. Then, would Rosen also notice it?
Ling Yu couldn't help turning his head around to give Rosen a quick look.
Rosen hadn't awoken yet, because he had fallen asleep sideways, the man's handsome face was facing his own, his breathing was even, his brows were fully relaxed, and he seemed to be sleeping very contentedly.
Ling Yu rarely saw such a relaxed expression on Rosen's face. In his impression, Rosen, as the General of a Legion who has always been indifferent and serious, the expression on his face from beginning to end was still without a ripple, like a layer of freezing ice. However, at this moment, this Marshal well-known for his ice-cold personality in the Empire was peacefully lying down beside him, unexpectedly giving off a kind of...... Gentle and soft illusion.
The original hard lines of his face became ineffably softer because of his smoothed-out eyebrows. Hiding behind his opened shirt, his smooth and strong chest along with his healthy honey-colored skin all exude the distinctive charm of a fully grown man. The smell of the Alpha pheromones on his body is natural and pure.
Ling Yu heard the sound of his heart beating suddenly speed up.
—Should I tell him the truth?
—My estrus is approaching. If when the moment comes and we are unable to leave Pavo, then would you please...... help me through it?
How could Ling Yu speak out such embarrassing words with his pride?
Sadly, in the absence of inhibitors at his disposal, asking Rosen to help him through his estrus has become the only option at present.
***
Ling Yu massaged his aching temples and lifted the quilt off to get out of bed.
His feet have yet to fully recuperate and there was still a slight stinging pain on his ankles when he walked, but for Ling Yu, there was no need to be concerned over such a small tinge of pain. Ling Yu walked to the dining table with a composed expression, briefly made himself presentable, and picked up a few fruits to eat. He did not realize that the moment he sat up and got out of bed, the man lying down behind him suddenly opened his eyes, looking at the rearview of his figure deep in thought.
As a mech, Black Dragon does not need to sleep. When its Master sleeps, it stands guard at the entrance of the cave just like their most loyal bodyguard.
Ling Yu walked up to it and asked softly: "Black Dragon, have you found any clean water sources in the forest these past few days?" Ling Yu deliberately lowered his voice because he was afraid of waking the sleeping Alpha on the bed, "It doesn't necessarily have to be drinking water. River water or lake water is fine. I want to find a place to take a bath."
Black Dragon glanced back at him, its golden eyes softly flashed, and it quickly scanned through the 3D simulated image of the forest saved in the database. It then projected the scene in front of Ling Yu, saying, "General, there is a naturally pure lake here, it should be free of toxins...... Do you want me to take you there?"
A hint of joy emerged in Ling Yu's eyes, "Okay, take me to go give it a look."
He hasn't bathed for a whole week.
Like his older brother Ling Feng, Ling Yu was also someone who really loved cleanliness. The clothes on his body are always kept tidy, and his military uniform was upkept as if they were freshly ironed.
Back when he was in his Legion, he had a hang-up about bathing every day before he went to bed. But since he landed on this strange planet, forget taking a bath, it was very difficult enough to even ensure even food and drinking water. He hasn't changed his clothes for several days, in addition to him sweating all over his body last night, his shirt was soaked with sweat and clung tightly to his body. If he didn't bathe soon, Ling Yu would only feel that the skin all over his body was being unbearably pricked by pins and needles.
Fortunately, in the past few days throughout the course of Black Dragon's scavenging, it has already traversed through a vast stretch of the forest. It had indeed found a lake in the depths of the forest. Ling Yu ate a few wild fruits to fill his stomach and brought the medicine chest in passing, saying to Black Dragon: "Let's get going then."
Black Dragon nodded and said: "Okay."
After it finished speaking, it took the shape of a large-scale mech and amicably lowered its control cabin.
Ling Yu was just about to enter the cockpit when a low voice suddenly came out behind him: "Are you going out?"
Rosen, who had been watching from the sidelines, pretended to have just woken up a moment ago and rolled up over from the bed. He walked in front of Ling Yu, solemnly speaking: "All of the trees in the forest are carnivorous, you could run into trouble going out, having Black Dragon to go out looking for food is fine, there's no need for us to personally tag along."
Ling Yu: "........."
Coming into contact with Rosen's deep gaze, Ling Yu looked away in slight discomfort.
It had long since noticed that its Master had already been awake, but with its Master acting none the wiser, Black Dragon was forced to act in concert with Rosen to put on an act, giving a run-down: "Master, General was saying that he wanted to take a bath. I found a lake in the forest and could take him along and fly right over."
Rosen looked at Ling Yu: "You want to take a bath? "
Going out, the environment is so arduous that it 's extremely difficult to find anything to eat. Inside the forest, there are also those man-eating mutated plants everywhere. At this time, he also thinks going out to take a bath is indeed somewhat insensibly unreasonable, but it was genuinely awfully uncomfortable for Ling Yu to wear these dirty clothes on his body. The feeling of being encased with greasy sweat was nearly driving him over the edge.
Chapter 086.
Rosen was sitting at the lakeside just a moment ago, flipped over just enough to press Ling Yu down on the lakeside meadow.
Probably because the illumination and water supply are very rich here, the grass by the lake is very dense and soft, like a thick green carpet spread on the ground. Ling Yu was lying completely all the way down on his back in the grass, the wild grass touches the sensitive skin on his back. That ice-cold temperature together with his burning hot body form a sharp contrast. The intense stimulation makes Ling Yu unable to help but let out low gasps.
"Oh......"
There weren't any tall trees around this lake, thus you could see vast sky directly overhead. A bizarre color and luster present themselves in the cloudless sky, and the kind light gently spills down, bestowing the shining luster of gems to the lake water. Beside him is the clear lake water, the soft meadow underneath his body, and even the fragrance of fresh flowers filled the air, all of which reminded Ling Yu of that ugly truth—
They are in the wilderness, still out in the open woodland.
Even though there is no human inhabitation on this planet nor are there any animals in the forest, his bare body being overpowered in a meadow by Rosen like this and being able to see the sky overhead as soon as he opens his eyes......
Even though Ling Yu's body is in a state of extreme emptiness, he nevertheless cannot help but feel great shame at the bottom of his heart.
For an always self-disciplined and strict General, making love in an outdoor setting is truly beyond the scope of what he's mentally capable of accepting.
The strong sense of shame made Ling Yu unable to help but curl up his toes, gasping for breaths and saying in a whisper: "Rosen here isn't......"
Before he had time to finish speaking, Rosen resolutely planted a kiss on his lips.
"Mn...... Mmph......"
Rosen's kiss was both passionate and frantic as if all of the emotions that he had suppressed for those countless long years finally broke out.
His overwhelming kiss nearly swallowed him whole, the soft inside of his mouth was licked numb. Their surroundings were very quiet. Ling Yu could even hear the wet sliding sounds of Rosen's tongue as he fervently licked inside his mouth......
He repeatedly licks the inside of his mouth with his tongue and kisses him without a word. Rosen even uses his teeth to intimately nip the tip of Ling Yu's tongue from time to time. The slight pain from the tip of his tongue allows Ling Yu to keep a constant hold of his consciousness, and the numb feeling in his tongue quickly travels down his back and goes into every nook and corner. He had been kissed into incessant trembles and a body part of his also stood up quite cooperatively.
"Mnn......"
The sense of shame at the bottom of his heart was mixed with the strong pleasure of his body while simultaneously charging into his brain.
Ling Yu's face turned red in embarrassment and stretched out his hand in an effort to forcefully push Rosen away, but unfortunately, the decline of his physical strength during estrus made this push on the other's chest resisting his actions instead looked even more like he was lustfully resisting while still welcoming it.
Rosen's shirt had two buttons opened wide at the neckline, exposing a length of wheat-colored skin. Ling Yu reached out and grabbed his collar. He originally wanted to push him away, but he didn't expect that as soon as he exerted the force, he would unexpectedly tear Rosen's shirt completely open—
Black buttons disorderly fell onto the ground, and Rosen's strong chest was completely put on display before his eyes.
Ling Yu froze and beat against Rosen's shoulder with his fist in embarrassment, motioning him to let go.
Unfortunately, the action of him beating his shoulders looks more like an intimate flirtation to Rosen.
Rosen gave a small smile and finally reluctantly parted from his mouth when Ling Yu's breath had all but been stolen away from his kiss. Ling Yu immediately opened his mouth and filled his lungs with deep breaths of air, breathing, and the transparent liquid that he didn't have the time to swallow flowed down the corner of the lips onto the grass.
The man lying on the grass was naked, heavily gasping for breath with his mouth open, and the lush green meadow lining his fair skin made it look almost transparent. This picture was simply the pinnacle of beauty in Rosen's eyes.
Ling Yu's legs were straight and slender. At this moment, his slender legs were closely drawn together. The originally idle object between his legs appeared to have grown semi-hard from this French kiss, and the pink flush seemed especially titillating.
Rosen leaned over and gently licked at the corner of Ling Yu's lips, attentively licking at the transparent liquid left at the corner of his lips clean, while simultaneously reaching out to hold Ling Yu's semi-hardness, moving closer to his ear and lowly whispering: "Do you want it?"
"......"
Ling Yu never thought that Rosen, who had always been proper, could speak such words, he couldn't help but stare blankly for a moment.
It was not his original intention at all to tear off Rosen's clothes. He wanted to push away the other party to suggest another place, not on a meadow out in the open......
However, Ling Yu couldn't explain at all, in the wake of Rosen's fingers exerting a relentless force, a violent pleasure suddenly reduced his voice to nothing but back-numbing moans—
"......Ah ......Ro, Rosen...... Ah......"
Rosen's willowy fingers gently caressed and stroked Ling Yu's lower body while he continued to lean down and unceasingly kiss his body.
Gentle and soft kisses were placed on his body from the cheek to his collarbone, from his collarbone to his chest, leaving a trail of dubious marks. When he kissed his chest, he saw peaks of red there and fervently enveloped them with his mouth and sucked.
"Mnn......"
The nub on his left side was taken in by the man's warm mouth, taking the liberty to suck with his mouth, teasing. His coarse tongue coating rubbed over his sensitive peaks, Ling Yu's chest was both aching and itchy, and at the same time, there was another strange pleasurable sensation sweeping through his mind like an electric current.
On the unattended right-side of his chest, there was the emergence of a strong...... feeling of emptiness in anticipation of being attended to.
Ling Yu was both ashamed and begrudged. This strange feeling made him very fretful and uneasy.
That estrus nineteen years ago, because it had been delayed for too long, by the time Rosen hurried over, he was already on the verge of losing his reasoning, and he couldn't remember how his body reacted long-ago. However, this time, he still has his reason. His mind is also very sober and every bodily reaction is clearly communicated to his brain, which is why he is even more ashamed and upset.
When Omega is in estrus, their bodies completely does not obey the will of their owner.
He clearly felt his body trembling, catering, and even craving for more under the affectionate care of Rosen's lips and tongue......
Chapter 087. Complete Mark
The process of a complete mark lasts a long time, and Rosen's knot is tightly stuck at the secret entrance in the depths of his body, and scalding hot essence rushes in time and time again, Ling Yu's body was quickly filled to the brim with the substance Rosen's Alpha pheromones. At that moment, the two's bodily fluid obtained perfect harmonization, their two pheromones mixed frantically with each other as if their desire had been burning for a very long time.
From now on, they will belong to each other completely, loyal to each other...... until death.
While in estrus, an Omega must be marked by an Alpha, if not he would lose his reason and hurt himself. Ling Yu knew this very well. The moment he took the initiative to go into Rosen's embrace, he knew that there was no chance he could escape the fate of being marked again—but right then, completely accepting Rosen in a genuinely clear-headed state still made Ling Yu feel very uncomfortable.
The passageway deep within his body that is only opened during estrus is particularly tight and sensitive, and when Rosen forcibly enters, it brings about an exhilarating tidal wave of pleasure that even makes his brain lose its ability to think.
At the moment of Rosen's ejaculation and entering, Ling Yu also released due to the extreme stimulation in the body. The two reached their climaxes at the same time, and in the end, they completely marked each other......
Ling Yu flung his neck back and urgently gasped for breath, looking at the wall in front of him somewhat absent-minded—
With his legs spread open in a face-down kneeling position and being aggressively invaded by Rosen from behind, this sort of posture made Ling Yu feel extremely ashamed as a man, not to mention that on this strange planet, the bizarre ores in the cave produced a faint glow at night, just like pairs of eyes watching them— this kind of strange association would undoubtedly make his sense of shame multiplied.
The scalding hot liquid that shot into his body caused Ling Yu to tremble slightly, his soft knees could barely support the weight of his body, Ling Yu frowned slightly, and moved his limp and painful waist in discomfort, quietly saying: "......pull out."
After the mark was over, Rosen's knot that was stuck in his body had gradually shrunken down. Seeing Ling Yu twisting his waist in discomfort, Rosen bent over and lightly kissed Ling Yu's back. Propping his waist up with his hands, he withdrew little by little.
Following his withdrawal, a large amount of a viscous white substance flowed out from his red and swollen little hole, dripping down to the bed sheet along the inside of his fair thighs, the bed sheet under Ling Yu's body was drenched almost instantly. A rich musky fragrance abruptly spread throughout the air.
Rosen rolled Ling Yu over and held him in his embrace, bowing down to kiss his lips.
Ling Yu slightly opened his mouth and caught some breath, making it easy for Rosen to pry open his jaw and stretch his tongue into his mouth. This intimate kiss was obviously to soothe the other's state of mind. Rosen's tongue moved in gentle sweeps across the sensitive flesh inside of his mouth. Thoughtfully attending to Ling Yu's feelings, he held Ling Yu's waist with his left hand and gently stroking down his back from his neck, tenderly caressing the length of his spine over and over again, tirelessly lingering on the affectionate touches on his smooth back, fits of shudders arise from the places on his skin where his fingers skim across.
"En......"
Rosen's kisses were very gentle and soft, and the fingers on his back soothed him over and over again like smoothing out fur, this kind of pacification allowed Ling Yu's originally disoriented and ashamed mood from being completely marked to gradually even out.
It felt really nice to be touched, Ling Yu couldn't help narrowing his eyes and lazily lean into Rosen's shoulders, panting lightly.
The breathing of the two blended together and such a posture of being held in his embrace seemed particularly close.
The pleasant afterglow of his climax took a long time to settle down, and the musky fragrance in the air gradually faded too.
Ling Yu completely came back to normal at last, he opened his eyes and looked at Rosen— as if their minds shared a telepathic link, Rosen also just so happened to look down at him right at this moment. Both of their gazes were directly opposite each other, and at the same time, they saw their tiny reflections in each other's eyes.
This feeling of looking at each other face to face is very subtle. The split second when their eyes are across from one another, the line of defense at the bottom of his heart seems to be suddenly and thoroughly smashed through. Ling Yu looked at this man who completely marked him. There were even a few seconds where he thought......
—If the Alpha to be marked by in estrus is Rosen, it isn't so hard to accept either.
The mark originally used to feel troublesome and humiliating, because the other party was Rosen, Ling Yu surprisingly didn't feel aggrieved.
Even if he was still somewhat at odds with it in his heart, he has to admit that under Rosen's caress, his body truly feels really comfortable. Apart from the face-down kneeling position making him feel a bit shameful, he was ultimately able to reluctantly accept the process of being completely marked.
It seems that his tolerance for Rosen is growing higher and higher?
Ling Yu couldn't help lifting up his head and look at Rosen's face carefully. The man's personality was cold, detached, and unyielding, he handled matters decisively and bluntly, and his ability to act was first-rate. When entering his body just moments ago, his extremely fierce movements even made Ling Yu feel that his waist would be snapped in half by him. Every thrust was like a storm passing through, which brought Ling Yu the ultimate peak of pain and pleasure......
But at this moment, he nevertheless gazes into his eyes especially gently.
Those eyes were earnest and single-mindedly focused as if looking at his own one-of-a-kind treasure.
Ling Yu's scalp felt numb under his devoted gaze and he averted his line of sight uncomfortably.
They were acquainted with each other when they were young. Ling Yu still remembers the day they met when he was 18 years old. He lugged a simple suitcase to register in the school, and the moment he pushed doors to the dormitory open, he caught sight of a tall Alpha boy— the boy was wearing a simple and neat black shirt and his slender legs were wrapped in well-fitting jeans. He slipped a pair of slippers on his bare feet and was standing in front of the refrigerator drinking water.
The boy had a pair of deep, bright brown eyes, his hair was trimmed super short, and he looked very strong. The lines of his face looked cold and stiff, and his facial features were so handsome that people just couldn't look away.
The two of them were silent for a moment. Ling Yu calmly extended his hand and said: "Hello, my name is Ling Yu. I am a new student of the 570th Command Department. We will be roommates from now on. I hope we can get along well for these three years."
The boy swept his eyes over him indifferently and said: "Hello...... My name is Rosen."
After greeting him politely, Ling Yu no longer took any notice of the other party and turned around to head towards his bedroom. The moment he brushed by, he slightly wrinkled his browns in a scowl from the influence of the other party's pheromones.
Chapter 088. Mech Wreckage
The environment of Pavo is very different from the Capital Star. It was already four o'clock in the afternoon by the time the light shone into the cave.
Rosen sensed the man in his arms stirring and smiled, leaning down to lightly place a kiss on his forehead, he said in a low voice: "Mornin'."
Ling Yu stayed silent for a long time and then responded in embarrassment: "......mornin'."
Rosen smiled, saying: " Did you sleep well last night? Why not lie down a bit longer if you are tired? "
There was an inkling of coarseness appearing in Rosen's low voice, which sounded particularly erotic— Ling Yu couldn't help thinking back to the three days spent in estrus, Rosen holding him ruthlessly thrusting into him, the countless times he used that kind of gravelly voice to say into his ear......
I love you, I love you ......
His tone had originally leaned towards being poised, a very high amount of charm for an Alpha male. When he earnestly gazes at the other person, declaring in a soft voice, "I love you", it soon becomes particularly affectionate.
Even though the three-day estrus period had already passed safely by, the three-days of jumbled scenes were deeply imprinted in Ling Yu's mind, compromising of Rosen embracing him in all kinds of shameful positions and possessing him, including how he tossed about in bed under Rosen's body, moaning again and again......
So much so that with Ling Yu seeing Rosen now, his heart feels very awkward.
Ling Yu has abundant energy after passing through estrus. His refreshed and appeased body was also very content. Ignoring the momentary throbbing when Rosen kissed his forehead, Ling Yu didn't turn his head away. While putting on his clothes, he pretended to plainly say: "I slept very well and my physical strength has also recovered. These past three days...... Thank you for taking care of me."
Ling Yu got up and picked up a bathrobe and draped it over his shoulders. He was about to turn around to wash up a bit, but Rosen suddenly pulled him into his arms.
"......what are you doing?"
Ling Yu turned his head around in surprise, Rosen leaned down and accurately placed a kiss on his ear.
During these three days of lovemaking, Rosen has already discovered Ling Yu's earlobes were a sensitive place, using his teeth to nibble on the sensitive earlobe in his mouth, Ling Yu's back has stretched taught as expected.
Rosen gave a small smile, lightly pressing up to his ear, he whispered: "What you said just now...... Thanking me for taking care of you? Why do you insist on being so formal when speaking to your Alpha? Do you want to go on with drawing clear-cut boundaries with me after your estrus has passed?"
Ling Yu awkwardly fell silent After a moment, he said with a stiff face: "I ......I didn't mean to draw a line with you."
The force behind Rosen's hand on his waist exerted a slight force, pulling him into an embrace, "Then why say thank you? Are you being so formal to distance yourself from what we did?"
Ling Yu: "........."
Rosen drew closer to Ling Yu's ear and said in a low voice: "If you're willing, for every estrus from now on in the future, I will stay by your side and take good care of you. It would be my honor to be able to take care of you, you know? "
Ling Yu:" ......... "
As a General, he has never been treated as a weak person by someone to be "taken care of", even when he was a child, as fatherless and motherless children, they had already learned to be self-reliant for a long time. His elder brother, Ling Feng, was in poor health. When Ling Feng would fall ill in his childhood, it was also this younger brother who instead took care of his older brother.
YOU'LL ALSO LIKE
End of Serenity (BL) by QianIshkhan
End of Serenity (BL)
15.6K
694
"One day, we'll both be free from here. I promise."
Two boys fall in love. Their world is more than it seems. They can't be together. Not now. Not ever.
Six ce...
Off Script (Book #1 of Lights, Camera, Romance! Series) by ashleymariefiction
Paid Stories Badge
Paid Story
Off Script (Book #1 of Lights, Camera, Roman...
903K
27.6K
When two rival actors are forced to charade as an "It Couple", will their make-believe romance turn into reality?
...
Wolf's Temptation (狼的爱恋) Chinese BL Translation by: 巫哲 by bobadarling
Wolf's Temptation (狼的爱恋) Chinese BL Translat...
11K
458
Official Summary: In short, this is the story of the debt a Yang Bailao picks ups for a little wolf cub.
Translator's Summary: Xu Bei finds himself between a rock and a...
Banished to Another World by Ore-samada
Banished to Another World
24.4K
1K
Author: 易人北, Yi Ren Bei
The scum Medicine God was banished to a savage other world, forced to undergo reformation!
The soul of Yan Mo, who had thoroughly offended the he...
Immoral Holidays 背德假期 by kaihun365
Immoral Holidays 背德假期
44.1K
622
Series: Uniform Punishment Series 惩罚军服系列
Author: Feng Nong 风弄
MATURE CONTENT 18+
YAOI BXB
"Before the end of his break, I'll have to discipline brother until he can...
Special Property by KainGuru
Special Property
42.2K
2.9K
"Newbie, I've now chosen you to be my uke."
Ren Kato will never forget these words on his first day at an all-boys boarding school. Here, the rule is "sem...
TIMCRVP by CharmingAlien
TIMCRVP
18.9K
715
THIS STORY IS "NOT MINE"
I POSTED THIS STORY ON WATTPAD FOR ONLINE READING.
Language
-Chinese
Author(s)
-Sha Xiao Wan
杀小丸
Artist(s)
-N/A
Year
-2013
Status in...
However, these three days during the estrus period are indeed three days that an Omega needs to be taken care of due to the severe decline in physical strength.
This physiological instinct cannot be changed even by a "striving to be the strongest" kind of personality.
—I have to say that in the past three days, Rosen has taken very good care of me— careful, considerate, and gentle, not only attentively showing consideration of his feelings, but also doing a full session of foreplay and preparation before each time he entered, mutually satisfying each other while also not harming a hair on his head.
—If I encounter estrus once again in the future, should I just hand myself over to Rosen and temporarily depend upon my Alpha?
—Maybe it's not so hard to imagine accepting it?
Ling Yu lightly nodded when he thought of this bit, and said: "......we'll talk about it later, I want to take a bath first."
Rosen's lips slightly perked up, "Let's go together."
At this time, there was also no way for Ling Yu to oppose it, so he had no choice but to let Black Dragon carry its two Masters to the lakeside to take a bath.
***
Black Dragon is dutifully serving as a means of transportation for its two Masters.
Ling Yu sat in the front passenger seat, looking ahead, he saw that the numbers representing the energy reserve in the lower right corner of the control screen were 30%.
Although the Black Dragon has been trying its best to absorb light and energy stones into its own energy non stop these days, it has to scour every odd corner of the forest to find food for its two Masters. Every day, the constant round trips back and forth would drain a lot of energy...... So, Black Dragon's energy reserve inside the mech had been fluctuating up and down around 30%, there simply wasn't a way to stock up more.
Ling Yu looked at the red energy indicator line and slightly frowned, saying: "Black Dragon's everyday reserve of energy can only barely maintain its daily consumption. If this goes on, sooner or later, a day will come where all of it gets used up...... We must find another method as soon as possible that'll work."
Rosen nodded, "We will take the Black Dragon to other areas of this planet to see later, this planet cannot be all forests, and there may not be only one kind of cave we can find...... "
Rosen paused slightly, looking back at Ling Yu, he whispered: "I have been missing for so long, the Glory Legion has most definitely dispatched a search and rescue team. Don't worry, there will always be a solution."
Ling Yu looked silently at the sight of the forest scenery flashing across the 3D holographic screen in front of him.
He had generally felt a bit of unease in his heart and he always felt that the unexpected incident with him and Rosen might lead to very grave consequences. In case the military traitors bore their way into this gap, there was no way to trust anyone near the steps leading to the throne. Isn't it......
As if he could see right through him, Rosen lightly squeezed Ling Yu's shoulder and said: "Those few Generalissimos in the military are all very calm and composed people, no matter who you suspect the traitor is, we can't be absolutely certain." Rosen paused and frowned, saying: "The most troublesome matter now is that there is no communication signal here at all. I want to contact Drew but it won't connect...... As soon as Black Dragon gathers some more energy, I will pilot it to the outside of Pavo to see if we can leave some clues behind to let the people of the Glory Legion find us."
Ling Yu said: "I'll go with you.
Rosen came into contact with his earnest gaze, he couldn't help smiling, "Of course. This planet is so strange, we better act together and take care of each other."
If things were like how they were before, had Rosen said something like this before, Ling Yu would have never given it much thought; but at present, the man's gentle gaze on him as he said "act together, take care of each other," Something strange floated from the bottom of Ling Yu's heart...... a strange sense of warmth.
It's just as if so long as the other man is at his side, there are no difficulties that can stop them.
Black Dragon soon came up to the lakeside, the two came out of the control cabin, Ling Yu took off his bathrobe and went into the water.
Rosen also followed after him and waded in. Ling Yu noticed Rosen's approach, his back stiffened a little, but when a hand was placed on the aching muscles on his waist and thoughtfully massaged, he eventually tried to slowly loosen up his frame of mind and lean into Rosen's embrace.
Ling Yu was massaged by his Alpha, his waist was extremely sore due to the problems caused by the various positions. Ling Yu suddenly felt...... this kind of feeling wasn't so bad.
A large amount of semen remains in his body, some of which has already stuck to his inner walls, Ling Yu also found it embarrassing to clean his own backside out. Since Rosen was willing to serve him, he pretends to indifferently close his eyes and hands everything over Rosen without a fuss.
Rosen really enjoys the process of bathing Ling Yu. He had the rare opportunity to take care of him. Naturally, he has to take care of him to his heart's desire.
***
At the same time, Hydra Legion Command Carrier, Command Room.
Drew looked at the real-time 3D simulation of the universe projected on the screen and his brows furrowed deeper and deeper.
The spatial shocks that occurred in the Isville Cosmic Wormhole half a month ago caused all the working spaceships, warships, and mechs that had entered it to be completely shattered into bits and pieces. At this time, even though the shocks in the wormhole had calmed down, they could still be inside the wormhole. The space tunnel still had the complexity of a labyrinth, and the various debris and wreckage inside it are too many to count. Drew led the Hydra Legion to search by the wayside, but they didn't achieve anything.
Seeing that the search was almost nearing the Federation's administrative region, it would be very dangerous to continue moving forward, Drew had no other alternative but to give the command to return.
At this moment, the front-most miniature reconnaissance warship suddenly sent back a message: "General, Reconnaissance Ship D-1 reporting. A large amount of black mech wreckage was found not too far up ahead. The initial scan results showed that the metal material was similar to the Marshal's mech, Black Dragon! "
Drew's heart suddenly missed a beat, and he immediately said in a lowered voice: "Forward the image over at once!"
A few seconds later, the projection screen in front of him clearly displayed the area observed by the reconnaissance warship—
He only saw a wide expanse of pure black mech fragments floating within the cosmic wormhole, which was driven to drift along by the streams of air in the wormhole. The original bright metal had long-since covered with airborne sand and dust in the universe. Intermingled in the mix of the numerous black mech fragments was a pair of golden eyes, they had already grown dim without a glimmer of light since their connection to the intelligence center was severed.
Drew: "........."
That is Black Dragon, no doubt about it......
Drew recognized those metal fragments almost at first sight.
Black Dragon is an S-Class mech personally made by his father, Mr. Aston himself. The metal material he used is different from ordinary mechs. Drew has seen it with his own eyes countless times, his impression of it was extremely deep. Those dazzling golden eyes are the symbol of the Black Dragon mech that is known far and wide in the Empire.
He still remembers how dazzling the brilliant rays of light that shone from the eyes of that mech were when Rosen activated Black Dragon......
Yet at this moment, those eyes had been cut off and drifted along in the cosmos, losing their original radiance, The mech's body was also smashed into pieces by the forces of the spatial shock......
The rims of Drew's eyes suddenly burst into heat.
Black Dragon was in ruins......
With the body of the mech shredded like this. It was obvious that the intelligence center has ceased to exist long ago. An S-Class mech is connected to its Master's mind. Under the formidable might of the immense spatial shocks, Black Dragon was wrecked to this point. It is clear that the Master piloting it...... Rosen has also long been......
Drew dazedly looked at the projection screen in front of him, he couldn't even dare believe it— his old friend, Rosen, whom he had known for so many years, died, just like that within these desolate interstellar ruins.
Looking at the black mech fragments on the screen, the muted pain in his chest made Drew speechless for a moment.
After a long silence, Drew took in a deep breath and ordered in a low voice: "Take those mech fragments, bring them all back."
***
The mech fragments were sorted and transported back by the soldiers and were closely packed into a warehouse.
By the time the Hydra Legion returned to Naomi Star, it was already well into the night. Drew massaged his aching temples and returned to the provisional resting place at the Hydra Legion's encampment. He prepared to sort out his emotions and report back the results to the military.
After continuously searching for half a month without success, he in fact already had a bad feeling in his heart, but when he really saw the mech fragments, Drew could not calmly accept it— for three whole years, he and Rosen ate and lived together under the same dormitory roof. He was a close friend he made in the nativity of his youth. While in college, he and Rosen often went together to the Mech Center to practice. Now, Rosen had actually been buried alive amidst the interstellar ruins......
Drew stood alone in the Command Room, recalling those pasts, but only feeling waves of stabbing pain in his heart.
He touched the engraved serpentine totem badge on his chest— the symbol of their Hydra Legion, which was once his pride and glory.
However, the Hydra Legion was only responsible for the drilling of various new types of mechs and the protection of Cepheus. They spend the greater part of their time staying on a safe starfield, very rarely ever going to the frontlines to fight against the Federation. Drew has repeatedly submitted support application to the military and each and every one had been rejected. As someone Rosen personally looked upon as his best friend, he didn't do anything to help when Rosen ran into trouble. He could only bring back the body of Black Dragon, return to the Capital Star, and give a report of the outcome to the military......
— What kind of a fucking comrade-in-arms was he?!
Drew firmly clenched his hand into a fist and harshly swung his first at the wall!
The walls in the Command Room were very solid and firm. When his fist smashed into it, a wide stretch of bruises suddenly emerged on the back of his hand.
Right then, there was a sudden knocking on the door from the outside, and a line of text simultaneously appeared on the screen— Lieutenant Colonel Mike of the Personal Guard Battalion had an unexpected discovery and urgently requested an audience with the General.
Drew looked at the image projected on the screen. The young officer standing in front of the door had a meager build and his face was sheltered from sight by his cap. He was unable to clearly make it out but Drew inexplicably felt that his figure was nevertheless especially familiar......
Frowning somewhat doubtfully, Drew opened the Command Room and allowed the man to come in. After a moment, the thin young officer entered the Command Room with security verification, locked the door with the back of his hand, and respectfully saluted Drew following military etiquette, "General."
The man finally raised his head. His facial features under the cover of the military cap were ordinary and regular, which coincided with the appearance of Lieutenant Colonel Mike of the Personal Guard Battalion in Drew's memory. The moment a pair of crystal clear dark brown eyes crossed his line of sight, the familiarity was enough to make him apprehensive......
"You......" Drew looked at him in shock. "You're not Mike?! Are you?"
That officer gave a small smile, tearing off the mask on his face, revealing the delicate and pretty face underneath.
He swept a glance at Drew insipidly, saying: "Your Omega has been at your side for a whole half of a month, and you really haven't noticed it. General Drew, should I commend you for your excessive concentration on military affairs, or should I scold you for being too slow?"
Drew was struck dumb: "......Be, Be...... Berg?"
Berg nodded, looking at the shocked appearance of Drew with his eyes widened. At the same time, he was amused, but also a little offended at this honest man's one-track mind. Looking down, he found that there was obvious swelling on the back of his hand, and a large area of it was bruised...... Berg couldn't help feeling distressed.
All kinds of complex emotions swirled around, and in the end, Berg can only helplessly sigh and look up at his Alpha, quietly saying word by word: "Drew, don't feel sad so soon, Rosen is not dead yet. That mech...... is not Black Dragon."
The author has something to say: Cousins have come to pay New Year visits, being dragged by them to play poker...... Update later tonight, everyone please forgive me!
Going to school in a foreign country, you can only meet relatives once a year for the New Year. It's not so easy ma~~
(TN: Everybody say welcome back Berg and his ruthless sick burns lmao. Let us all pay our respects to Replica Black Dragon whose sacrifice will not be forgotten~ That is all, I must now write an essay assigned by my school, the topic? Fortnite (I wish I was kidding).)
—Rosen isn’t dead yet, that mech is not Black Dragon.
Drew couldn’t believe it when he heard this sentence being spoken by Berg. He had known Rosen for so many years and Black Dragon was an S-Class mech built by his father, Aston himself. He had seen that mech innumerable times and even witnessed it being born into this world with his own two eyes, it was impossible for him to be mistaken.
Even if there were only the mech fragments left in the cosmic wormhole, with that material and those striking golden eyes, how could it not be Black Dragon?
Drew frowned and said: “How are you so sure that this mech is not Black Dragon?”
Berg was silent for a moment before lifting his head and looking at Drew, saying: “It’s only natural that I should be sure, because…… that mech is precisely what I designed on the basis of Black Dragon’s blueprints. I personally manufactured the replica body.”
Drew:” ………”
The shock in Drew’s heart was no less than at the moment he found out that Berg was the leader of the Undercurrent.
Berg continued speaking with a nonchalant look: “Are you very puzzled as to why I would make that replica body?”
Seeing that Drew wasn’t saying a word, Berg smiled and said: “In order to help Ling Yu leave the Capital Star, I took the intelligence of the Replica Black Dragon out from the Mech Association and manufactured a mech extremely similar to the original Black Dragon in accordance with the original blueprint designs…… And the reason why I helped Ling Yu was not only because he is a member of the Undercurrent, but also for another reason…… He could achieve a lot of things I could never do. I admire him and highly respect him, I didn’t want to see his spirited life completely destroyed.”
He seemed to think back to those days long past, the expression on Berg’s face seemed a bit lost, “Before I married you, Ling Yu and I had been acquainted with each other, he is also related to my joining of The Undercurrent. My biggest dream from an early age was to be able to make an S-Class mech with my own two hands, but I am an Omega. In many people ‘s eyes, the greatest value of an Omega’s existence is nothing but pure bloodlines and excellent fertility……”
Berg self-deprecatingly laughed, “What worth is a dream? Who cares if an Omega has a dream? Even you, Drew, you have never cared about what I wanted most.”
Drew suddenly went silent.
Because he found that he was unable to respond.
After being married to Berg for so many years, he never could have guessed that when he was young, Berg actually had so many beautiful dreams and aspirations. He wanted to be a master mech maker. He wanted to manufacture and pilot an S-Class mech himself ……
However, because he was an Omega, his talents were constantly being overlooked, and eventually, his dreams had also become an extravagant hope……
At the age of eighteen, when Drew saw Berg at the Imperial Palace, he liked that prince with a unique temperament at first sight. Afterwards, Drew passed like thunder and made a move like the wind and got together with the elders of the Bayh Family to propose marriage to His Majesty. In just one short month, the grand wedding between the Royal Family and the Bayh Family was held at the Capital Star.
Many friends and family came on the wedding day and it was particularly bustling with noise and excitement. Berg’s suspension vehicle reserved for the royal household was driven out from the Imperial Palace and circled a full circuit around the central city, ultimately stopping in front of the Bayh Family Residence.
Drew could never forget, the day of the wedding when he returned to the bridal chamber fixed up for them, as his heart was filled with excitement and joy, the scene he saw— Berg was sitting on the bedside and had just finished taking a bath. His black hair was still constantly dripping water, his head was hung low, staring at the floor in front of him, and there was an indescribable expression of sorrow on his face— as if he was not faced with the expectation of newlyweds on their wedding night, but rather an extremely painful punishment.
The pale complexion and slightly red eyes of the new bride sitting on the bedside directly pierced Drew’s heart like a sharp blade.
It wasn’t until that moment that he realized Berg did not want to marry him.
What could be more painful than that? He had cheerfully sent off the guests and returned to the bridal chamber, only to find that the person he had tried his best to marry into his family, was unwillingly married to him.
Although both of them later covered up their emotions since it was the honeymoon phase after marriage— that is, an Omega’s estrus period. Drew had to complete a mark on Berg, but in those three days of marking, from start to finish, Drew could feel Berg’s physical desire and intense mental resistance in his body…… That kind of silent resistance, just like an invisible vine was tightly twisting around the bottommost tip of his heart, tightened around to the point Drew almost couldn’t breathe.
He finally has Berg, but he never really understood Berg or even entered this man’s heart.
I can’t say I’m bitterly disappointed, I was only ever deceiving myself.
To this day, Drew even feels that two people who have shared the same bed for twenty years are just as unfamiliar as strangers briefly brushing by the other.
Coming into contact with Berg’s undisturbed gaze, it took a long time for Drew to tear his eyes away from Berg’s face and say in a whisper: “The second leader of Undercurrent, secretly manufacturing a replica of Black Dragon to help Ling Yu escape from the Capital Star…… Berg, just how many things have you hidden from me?”
Drew’s tone was beaten beyond words as if all of the strength in his body had been drained away.
Berg was silent for a moment before he said quietly: “You must understand very clearly about how discomposed and dangerous the situation of the Royal Family has been over the last few years…… At first,
Wang Xiong
asked me to marry you, he really wanted to rope in the Bayh Family. The marriage between you and I was originally a political marriage…… Before I married you, I had already taken over the Undercurrent. Wang Xiong also participated in me helping Ling Yu……”(
TN
: His Majesty Trent.)
“So it was like this……” Drew tightly clenched his fist, “Marrying me, taking over the Undercurrent, helping Ling Yu…… All of this was set up by your Wang Xiong…… For twenty years, Berg, you have been making use of my identity as a General to protect yourself. At that time you went to the Mech Association to look at the Replica Black Dragon’s intelligence, going to study new mechs, or so you said. I even brought you along to look……”
Drew lowered his head, his expression was slightly twisted from the pain—
He loves this person so much, yet in this person’s heart from beginning to end was so unbothered and detached, there was never a place for him.
Back then, Berg’s body was in poor health after giving birth to Brian. Drew was so distressed that he couldn’t sleep for several days on end. Ever since then, he never wanted to make Berg give birth to another child again, even though he really wanted to have a daughter, or even more sons would be great too, but compared to Berg’s health, everything else was inconsequential……
Such a pureblooded Omega like Berg only having one son, this was practically unheard of throughout the entire Empire.
He loved Berg. From the day he first met him, he couldn’t help falling in love with this prince with a unique temperament. He even placed Berg at the bottom of his heart as the most precious treasure in his life. He couldn’t bear to make Berg suffer one ounce of pain……
But what did Berg give him in return?
A simple line of “political marriage”.
There was only one reason this proud prince chose and easily stayed by his side for so many years— Drew Bayh, the one with the most powerful abilities in that generation of the Bayh Family, the most likely one to become the head of the Hydra Legion. As long as he could become a General, he could be of help to His Majesty and the Royal Family, and so back then, Berg would obey His Majesty Trent’s words and marry him……
Never before has Drew felt such pain that was nearly driving him to despair.
It was as if he had held his heart out to Berg, yet Berg had thrown it to the ground and ruthlessly stepped on it to mush.
Drew took a deep breath, clenched his fists in a strong grip, and said in a low voice: “I can ignore that you are the second leader of Undercurrent, I can pretend not to know that you secretly made a replica body of Black Dragon from the Mech Association, and the matter of you helping Ling Yu escape is also something I can treat as if I never heard it……”
Having said that, the voice of the man who has always been collected got choked up a bit with emotion,” ……just go, Berg…… I…… can’t continue to face you as if nothing ever happened.”
Berg stared blankly ahead, “You’re saying you want…… to break up with me?”
Drew wordlessly looked away.
This kind of estrangement is causing him to suffer great pain.
“……listen until I’m finished speaking, okay?” Berg gently held Drew’s hand. “Although my reasoning for marrying you at the time was for a political marriage nor did I really have any feelings for you in those first few years, but now…… Now I have already fallen in love with you, don’t you know?”
Drew snapped his head around in surprise: “What did you say?”
Berg’s ears turned slightly red, but the expression on his face was nevertheless particularly serious, and stood up on his tippy toes to lean closer toward Drew’s ear, lightly nipping his ear, “Did I not say it last time? I don’t remember it being so long since then…… I love you.”
This action made Drew immediately recall.
That’s right, the last time when he discovered that Berg was the second leader of Undercurrent, Berg did indeed say “I love you”, and he laid down in bed and said, “punish me however you want”. Those few days of “punishing” Berg was undoubtedly a dream-like time that Drew could never forget in his lifetime. Only, at that time there were special circumstances and Drew had still thought that Berg said that as a delaying tactic. He did not expect that he was actually being serious……
Perceiving the warmth of his lips on his ear, he thought of the gentleness and obedience of Berg in those days, Drew’s back stiffened and incredulously looked at Berg, “Wha-what did you just say?”
“……still want me to say it again?” Berg couldn’t help but smile, “I love you.”
Drew has a one-track mind and he didn’t have any bad intentions either. Sometimes he was even a little stupid. Among the Generalissimos in the military, Drew ought to be the most upright and honest one. He felt particularly at ease staying beside him.
Berg smiled and said: “Did you think too much just now? Everything I did was more than ten years ago. At that time, I did indeed use your General status as protection and even exploited you…… but then, I genuinely fell in love with you and everything I’m doing now is not only for myself but also for you, for our child.”
Drew was stunned, his train of thought suddenly couldn’t keep up, what was up with Berg saying both for you and for our child?
Seeing Drew’s eyes widening, Berg couldn’t help thinking of that foolish son, Brian, completely inherited the one-track-minded personality of his father Drew…… He doesn’t know what their second child would be like…… thinking of this, Berg’s gaze became noticeably soft.
“Drew, in reality, my Wang Xiong has always wanted to repeal the original Omega rights protection law and re-enact a real protection bill so that all Omegas can fulfill their dreams, go to the school they like, and even obtain freedom……” Berg looked at Drew with a smile, “Does that feel a bit familiar?”
Drew awkwardly touched his nose, “Would that be the proposal on the protection of rights and interests pertaining to Omegas that was vetoed by the military back then?”
Berg nodded: “Correct, the initial draft of this proposal was drawn up by me. Later after being revised by Wang Xiong, under his behest, several experts from the Imperial Central Research Institute jointly sent it forward.”
Drew: “…………………”
—What kind of an Omega did he marry?
—Leader of the Undercurrent? A genius who manufactured mechs on the sly? Even drafting a proposal that frightened Generals into dropping their jaws to the floor?
Berg said seriously: “Some people in the military have been wanting to thoroughly eliminate the Royal Family and personally take control of the Imperial Regime. Wang Xiong has been very careful over these past few years. Ling Yu is his hidden playing card. Rosen’s accident this time at Naomi Star, there was definitely a traitor in the military that sold his information to the Federation.”
In fact, ever since the moment Udir contacted him in private after the military meeting, Drew had also had his doubts about this— Rosen’s accident was too sudden, the process of the ambush also felt vaguely amiss somewhere. At present, hearing what Berg said validated the suspicions at the bottom of his heart……
If indeed the military has a traitor, the news of Rosen’s troops leaving for Naomi Star had been leaked out.
Drew frowned and said: “I also had my doubts about this, but how can you be sure Rosen is alive?”
Berg said: “Since you’ve found the Black Dragon replica body, it also proved Ling Yu was present at the time of the spatial shocks. I believe that with the abilities is Ling Yu and Rosen, the probability of them acting together to escape from the wormhole is very high, so I can then boldly guess that Rosen hasn’t died.”
Berg firmly grasps Drew’s hand said worriedly, “I left Cepheus not only to tell you of this but for another reason too…… I am afraid that in the event of a mutiny, me staying at the Capital Star would instead make me into their hostage…… I’m afraid that, like Rosen, you would be set up and ambushed by the Federation’s legions…… I’m afraid they will use the Federation’s hand to eliminate you like Rosen.”
With Berg’s words speaking this, the originally lingering pain at the bottom of his heart scattered at long last. Looking at the anxiety-riddled face of Berg in front of him, a warmth instead welled up in his heart, “It’s really because you’re worried about me……”
Berg nodded seriously, “At first, I was planning on sneaking out of the Capital Star and also worried that you would meet with a mishap, I took advantage of the time you were at our house and secretly knocked out Lieutenant Colonel Mike. I disguised myself in his likeness and boarded the Hydra Legion Command Carrier along with you……”
Berg paused, looked up at Drew, and said seriously: “Drew, I married you at that time and gave up on all my dreams, because it was you, I don’t regret it…… But, I want my child to be able to live freely and happily, so, for our child, can I ask for you to stand with me?”
Berg placed Drew’s hand gently on his lower abdomen and said softly, “We will have a second child very soon, if this child is an Omega, in accordance with the previous legislation, they must leave us at the age of eighteen and get married to someone who they may have never seen before…… Could you have the heart to watch your child suffer this kind of treatment?”
Drew looked at Berg in shock, his hand placed on his lower abdomen was frozen stiff and he didn’t even dare move it, “……child? You mean……”
Berg gave a small smile, his gaze softened, “Our foolish son, Brian, will soon have a little brother or sister. Don’t worry, my body has been nursed back to health for so many years, this time I can safely give birth to them.”
Recently, that is, those several days of Berg letting him punish himself as he pleased. Since Berg was not in estrus, Drew thought he wouldn’t get pregnant, so he did not give any birth control pills to him.
Unexpectedly, after so many years passing by, they will actually have a second baby.
Drew was silent for a very long time, he ultimately pulled Berg into his arms excitedly, hugging him tighter and tighter.
***
At the same time, St. Romia Military Academy.
When Caesar and Lin Yuan returned to their dormitory, they saw Brian sitting bitterly at the table with his head drooped down and gobbling down five-star fruits, his expression was almost like an abandoned pug.
Lin Yuan smiled and said: “What’s wrong, got into a fight with Snow, ah?”
Brian raised his eyebrows and said: “I have a very good relationship with Snow. What’s up with your rejoicing in others’ misfortune look?”
Lin Yuan’s pure black eyes moved off to the side, saying with an innocent face: “Is there any misfortune for me to rejoice in?”
“……forget it, forget it, you are a monster. I can’t win against you with words.” Brian sighed helplessly and turned around to say to Caesar: “Caesar, it’s already been half a month and I haven’t been able to contact my Dad. I don’t know what he ‘s doing. Have you heard anything from His Majesty?”
Caesar hesitated, “
Wang Shu
still can’t be contacted?”
(
TN
: This would be the man of the hour, Berg.)
Brian nodded with a heavy expression.
Lin Yuan was also puzzled and said: “Isn’t your Dad in the Capital Star?”
Brian hung his head dispiritedly and said: “I don’t know, there is no one at home. Where the hell did he go, he didn’t even leave me a message either……”
Lin Yuan sympathized with Brian’s fretful state of mind, and silently thought in the bottom of his heart— me too, my father’s whereabouts are still unknown to date. It was said that Naomi Star’s space station broke down, and there wasn’t a signal for a communicator to connect to.
They don’t know what their fathers are doing? Are they still safe?
The author has something to say: The POV has finally returned to the protagonists~
Yuanyuan will definitely have a little Alpha brother, a character like Rosen, strong backing for his Big Bro Yuanyuan/Daddy Ling Yu. If Caesar bullies Lin Yuan in the future, humph humph! The fist of Little Bro Alpha will impolitely greet him~~
Bubu needs a little brother/sister. Does everyone think it’s all good? Meng Little Shota Omega or a Loyal Dog Alpha like Brian?
PS: This text sets the life expectancy to be over 300 years old, so it is totally normal for one’s little brother to be more than ten years younger than himself!
PS2: I probably can’t proofread it over twice today TAT. My dad’s old classmates also came out of nowhere to celebrate the New Year, ah fall down. My relatives are so truly sincere. I will try and make time for the second proofread some other day when there aren’t any relatives around, kisses everyone!
Because of worrying that his dad had run into trouble, Brian’s mood has not been very good these past few days, he has not been able to sleep well for several days, and even had nightmares for several nights in a row.
For his whole life, although his Dad, Berg’s personality was a bit cold, he was actually very doting towards Brian. In Brian’s mind, his Dad, Berg, was his biggest support. In addition, his father also obeys his dad’s every word, and his dad, Berg, is even more of a godly existence at home.
Brian was a bit unruly when he was a kid. Every time he did something wrong, his father, Drew, always loudly yelled at Brian, steaming with rage. He even wanted to use his fist to teach this son. Unfortunately, every time Drew clenched his fist, as long as Berg’s cold gaze swept over him, Drew would immediately come to a halt and slowly make his way over to gather up Berg’s shoulders in his arms, helplessly saying: “Hey, don’t be angry, I also do this for our sons own good…… What will we do if when he grows up this kind of thing continues?”
Berg lightly says: “It’s fine if boys are a bit naughty in their childhood, he will be sensible after he grows up, right? Brian?”
An itty-bitty Brian immediately nodded in rapid succession, cleverly clinging to his Dad’s thigh: “Yes, yes, yes! Dad, what you say is completely right!”
Berg faintly laughed and lightly rubbed Brian’s head, “Good boy, starting tomorrow, daddy will teach you the assembly and installation method of some new parts, you come to the mech warehouse with me for a few months, lest you also go out to stir up trouble.”
Brian’s eyes shone bright and he immediately grasped his Dad’s sleeves firmly, as if he were a puppy, he anxiously followed behind him like a small bum beetle.
Drew grows increasingly out of sorts looking at his son. Ever since this smelly brat was born, Berg’s attention has been entirely focused on this smelly brat……
Berg’s biggest dream was to be a master mech maker, this bit may have been passed down to Brian. From the time when he was little, he had been especially interested in mechs, and Berg was more than happy to teach his son all the knowledge he had. For Brian, spending time with his dad in the mech warehouse occupied most of his childhood, and it was also the happiest memory of his childhood years.
It was also because he had always liked to stay with Berg from a young age and that they have a lot of common language in the mech field, Brian’s relationship with Berg is naturally much closer than his with Drew. Drew was an upright and serious father in Brian’s heart and Brian deeply respected him more. But Berg is nevertheless his closest and dearest dad whom he can talk to about his dreams and even the person he likes about.
Brian knew from Caesar’s mouth that Drew led the Hydra Legion to Naomi Star. It was pretty normal to be unable to contact his father, but Berg rarely traveled far, and being unable to contact him for a full half a month, this made Brian very much uneasy.
***
After school that day, Brian and Snow returned to the dormitory together after finishing eating their evening meal, and Brian, who was always very talkative, was surprisingly dead silent all along the way.
Snow soon picked up on something amiss and after returning to the dormitory, took the initiative to open his mouth and ask: “The semester assessments are coming soon. Has the examination set up for your Mech Engineering Department all been released?”
Brian said, lowering his head: “En, it’s already been posted online.”
After he spoke, he unexpectedly fell silent again.
Snow somewhat worriedly asked: “What’s going on with you?”
Brian feigned an undisturbed smile and said: “It’s nothing. I’m probably just too tired from reviewing these past few days. Go and rest. I’ll take a bath first.” He then turned around and walked to his room.
Snow slightly knit his brows, grabbed Brian’s hand, and asked with a cold face: “Why are you lying?”
Brian turned his head around, coming into contact with Snow’s azure eyes as if they were the color of the blue sky—
The inside of that pair of clear eyes was filled with worry and unease, his slightly frowning look was marked with a distinct dissatisfaction.
Snow attentively stared at Brian’s eyes and said earnestly: “You could make Night Snow with but your own two hands. At your level, how could you be worried about a military academy’s first-year exam? Even though you could pass the third-year graduation exam no sweat? Speaking of this, Snow’s brows couldn’t help furrowing even tighter together, “What the hell happened to you that’d make you look for such a crappy excuse to lie?”
Brian looked at Snow frowning in dissatisfaction, his heart was moved, and he couldn’t help but stoop down and place a kiss on his lips, lowly asking a breath away from his lips: “Snow, is this you being concerned about me?”
Snow: “…………”
Some people’s level of shamelessness was simply more impenetrable than the city wall of the Capital Star’s Imperial Palace.
But hearing what he said, Snow, however, had to admit that he was a bit unaccustomed to looking at the always enthusiastic Brian suddenly hanging his head down dispiritedly and it also made Snow a little worried— what the hell happened to make Brian so dejected?
Snow was silent for a moment and shifted his eyes off to the side in embarrassment. He turned his head away and coldly said: “If you know that I am worried, then why would you still lie to me?”
—This feigned appearance of coldness and detachment, especially looking through Brian’s eyes, it is particularly titillating.
Brian couldn’t help but tightly wrap his arms around his waist, resting his chin on his shoulder, and say in a hushed voice: “Actually, there is a little issue concerning my family…… It seems as if my dad suddenly dropped off the face of the universe and I’ve been unable to get in contact with him for a full half of a month. I’m really worried that something could have happened to him……”
Snow was lost for words, he remembered that Brian’s dad was a very classy man and that he could successfully escape from Cepheus at that time was also thanks to Berg secretly coming to his rescue. Moreover, Berg even gave him an inhibitor. Snow has always been very thankful for that, and he also has a very favorable impression of Brian’s dad.
Brian took a deep breath and continued to say: “My dad very rarely travels far away. This kind of situation is definitely not normal. If by any chance something happened to him, I…… I really am very worried……”
Brian’s voice suddenly deepened. He tightened his arms wrapping around Snow even more as if he were drawing in a bit of warmth.
Snow could perceive his sadness.
Fellow student Brian, who would wear a smile all day long, unexpectantly displayed such a lost expression. A trace of distress suddenly surfaces at the bottom of Snow’s heart. He couldn’t help but reach out his hand and gently stroke the man’s head, saying softly: “Don’t be sad…… Being unable to contact him doesn’t necessarily mean he’s in trouble. Maybe your dad had a very important matter and left the Capital Star for the time being?”
Brian nodded his head, “……I hope so.”
At that moment, he suddenly felt very happy…… When Snow lightly stroked his head like petting a house pet’s fur, Brian felt as if the place where his heart was had received a kind of warming consolation.
Although Snow was cold and haughty on the surface, Brian knew that Snow was actually a very gentle and soft person hidden under the cover of his iceberg-like shell. He also silently cared about him and was willing to lay down his pride to console him…
Brian is already content with the way things are now.
This is the Omega I like, the Omega that can give me comfort and strength at a crucial moment.
Sensing that Brian’s embrace was getting tighter and tighter, Snow couldn’t help quietly saying: “Don’t think too much about it. I will go back tomorrow and ask my Dad. Both of them are members of the Undercurrent, they are very familiar with each other and there may be special contact methods.”
Brian nodded, and then released Snow, gave a small smile, and moved in to kiss him tenderly.
***
Unexpectedly, after returning to his bedroom, just after taking a bath, Brian received a communication request sent from Drew to his surprise.
Brian immediately picked up the request without a second thought, watching on as his father donned in a military uniform appeared in front of him, he couldn’t help but loudly yell: “Where have you been old man? Do you know what’s going on at home? The communicator has been unable to be connected with and I haven’t been able to contact Dad for half a month!”
Drew touched his nose and quietly coughed before he said: “You lower your voice a bit, your dad is here with me. I fear he’s too tired, I sent him off to bed just a moment ago……”
As he spoke, he swept the lens of the communicator towards the bed.
Sure enough, a man with a handsome face lay on the bed, his eyebrows relaxed, he was evidently sleeping very well.
Seeing that Berg was soundly asleep, Brian let go of the worry that had lingered in his heart for half a month and breathed a little sigh of relief, saying: “Isn’t the Hydra Legion at Naomi Star? How could Dad be with you, ah?”
“He came together with me.”Drew smiled and said proudly: “Stinking brat, I have some good news to tell you, you’re going to be a big brother soon.”
Brian stared blankly ahead, but didn’t respond for a short while, “What…… big brother?”
Drew raised an eyebrow up, saying: “You’re truly a moron! Your dad is pregnant. You will have a little brother or sister.” Drew broke off his speech and said seriously, “I want you to be a good big brother in the future. Take proper care of your younger sibling, don’t bully them, you got it? “
Brian: “……………”
Brian really didn’t know whether he should laugh or cry at this moment.
He was worried for half a month and thought with a crippling fear that something had happened to his dad, and in the end, it turned out to instead be something good— Dad was actually pregnant?!
Looking at Drew’s excited appearance with his IQ suddenly dropping 100 points, Brian showed an unusual loss for words.
However, thinking that Dad will be going give birth to a soft and cute little one, one that would follow him at his tail and use their soft and puerile voice to call out, “big brother” “big brother”, Brian couldn’t help but to also get excited, inquisitively saying: “Old man, is this one going to be a son or a daughter? Alpha or Omega?”
Drew frowned, saying: “We still don’t know yet, however, I’m hoping for an Omega that does as one is told. In any case, as long as it is not an Alpha son it’s fine.” So as to avoid an unruly trouble-making one like Brian that made this father of his especially want to brandish his fists and punch someone.
Brian said with a beaming smile: “An Omega would also be pretty good, I would certainly take good care of them and try to nurture them as much as possible……”
—Nurture them into the kind of little Omega monsters like Lin Yuan and Snow, who couldn’t be bullied.
— Of course, Brian could only say this in his heart.
After Drew shared the good news with his son, he once again donned a grave look and said: “That’s right, you have to take an exam in a few days, isn’t that so?”
Brian said full of self-confidence: “Relax, even if your son can’t get full marks, he can stay in the top three for sure.”
Drew nodded and said: “After you’re done with your exams, don’t come back home, your grandfather went on a trip to a
relative’s
place and your dad is here with me, you can go wherever you want this vacation.”
(
TN
: He used the word that means your father’s cousin and I’m assuming (confident) that he’s referring to Trent with that since I don’t think any of Drew’s cousins have been mentioned/plot relevant.)
Brian’s eyes lit up, “Really?!”
In that case, he could accompany Snow on a romantic two-person trip…… What would be a good place to go? Take a look at the legendary violet nebula in Andromeda Galaxy M31? Or go to Planet Rennes to see the snow?
Brian was immersed within his beautiful fantasies, he didn’t notice in the slightest how worry flashed in Drew’s eyes as he said those words.
—You mustn’t go back to the Capital Star, because there very well may be a huge crisis lurking in the Capital Star.
Drew took a deep breath and looked at his son as he said in a low voice: “If you run into a situation where you are unable to get in contact with us again, you don’t need to worry, the Naomi Star Space Station had been blown up. The communication signal here is not very good.”
Brian nodded: “I got it, take good care of Dad.”
Drew knit his brows: “You’re telling me.”
Drew gave his son a cold look, turned off his communicator, and looked at his soundly sleeping lover in bed, he immediately smiled in a cheerful mood.
***
The good news that Berg was pregnant was shared with Caesar by Brian that very night. They had played together their whole lives. There were practically no secrets kept between these good bros.
Caesar was quite surprised by this. He knew that ever since Wang Shu had given birth to Brian, General Drew was worried that his body wouldn’t be in good health and wasn’t willing to let him give birth again. In fact, the life expectancy of humans now commonly exceeds 300 years. Omegas all have the ability to give birth until they turn 100. Many pure-blooded Omegas have numerous children. Berg Wang Shu had only given birth to Brian. The number of people in General Drew’s bloodline is indeed really thin.
Brian was very excited about becoming a big brother and even wanted to help think of a name for his little brother/sister. Unfortunately, with his naming ability, he’d certainly curse his younger siblings to death.
Brian also raised the subject of vacation plans, saying that he wanted to go back to take a look at Snow’s hometown together with Snow. He even asked Caesar, would you like to drop by Lin Yuan’s hometown to see the snowy scenery?
Caesar couldn’t help but wrinkle his brows—
Could it be a coincidence? Why is General Drew having Brian go out on vacation to mess around, and his Fu Wang also told him not to return to Capital Star to go on vacation? Is something going to happen in the Capital Star?
His keen intuition suddenly made a sudden feeling of uneasiness rise from the bottom of Caesar’s heart.
That night, Caesar contacted Xiwei Dawang Xiong, and Xiwei smiled and said: “Nothing is going on with the Capital Star, you’re just overthinking things too much, don’t you think? Fu Wang is letting you go out to learn your own sense of principles from your own experience. As an Alpha prince, you still haven’t gone to as many places as I have.”
Caesar: “……”
Dawang Xiong has had the body of an Omega and the personality of an Alpha ever since he was a child. He frequently sneaks out of the Imperial Palace to “travel” everywhere, and he indeed has traveled all over the Empire’s major galaxies. Caesar really admired this too.
Since Xiwei had said as much, Caesar’s mind was reassured and he concentrated on preparing for the examinations next month.
***
What Caesar didn’t know was that after ending the call, Xiwei was abruptly summoned by Trent to the Palace.
This was the first time that his Fu Wang had urgently called him over this late at night. Xiwei spoke somewhat puzzledly: “Fu Wang, what are you calling on me for so late at night?”
Trent said with a heavy expression, “Go on a trip to Lyra, your younger sister
Sia
is critically ill and it isn’t easy for your mother and me to leave the Imperial Palace. Go and check up on her on our behalf.”
(
TN
: the second princess, already married, has a big-sister-like beauty. Changed from the previous translation of Cecilia. 西雅-Xīyǎ)
Xiwei said in shock: “Yaya is sick? What illness could be so serious?”
(
TN
: Nickname from the last character in her name.)
Trent sighed softly: “The doctor said that it’s a mental issue, she has always had mild depression, it’s gotten even worse recently. A few days ago she almost committed suicide…… You have been close to her from a young age. Go spend some time with her and talk her out of this funk.”
Princess Sia was only one year younger than Xiwei and after she was married off to Lyra the year she turned 18, Xiwei never got to see her face-to-face again, only hearing about her state of affairs through the occasional video call.
Even though she was a princess, as an Omega she had to bear and raise children as a housewife.
When his little sister Sia was a child, she had a strong personality and she liked to run off to all kinds of places with beautiful landscapes to paint pictures. Novel ideas would pour in unceasing torrents from her mind. Shutting her up in the house all day long, it was no wonder that she would suffer from depression.
Xiwei nodded immediately, saying: “Then I will set off tomorrow and go see how she is……”
His little sister who was so lively when she was young would unexpectantly suffer from depression and attempt suicide. Xiwei was so terribly distressed that he couldn’t wait to immediately fly over to her side.
Trent was silent for a moment and solemnly said: “You are an Omega, you cannot show your face in public. Be careful when leaving the Capital Star this time, I will send people to escort you. Don’t wait until tomorrow, just get going now.”
Xiwei was stunned, he hurriedly said: “Got it, Fu Wang, I’ll go back and prepare.”
Later that night, Xiwei departed from Cepheus along with the accompanying Royal Guard Squadron.
What he didn’t know was that all the while within the Imperial Palace, His Majesty Trent and Queen Anna had followed his mech with their eyes as it gradually disappeared past the horizon.
With glistening tears threatening to spill from her eyes, Queen Anna said almost inaudibly: “Xiwei and Caesar will both be safe, right?”
Both of their daughters had been married off and are far away in the Lyra Galaxy. After all, the princesses are much less threatening than the princes. Their safety can be guaranteed too. Anna feels the most unrest about the eldest prince Xiwei, who has always been unwilling to be married off and the youngest prince Caesar who was still attending school at the military academy.
Trent’s facial expression was extremely heavy, a good chunk of time had gone by before he spoke in a low voice: “They are, I already made the arrangements, all of them will be safe.”
When he foresees possible dangers occurring, he sends his sons off in advance. This is what he should do as a father. Xiwei and Caesar are still young, he cannot allow his children to be drawn into this dispute. Even if the Royal Family really goes to ruin, he also has to ensure the safety of his sons.
Trent gently placed his hand on his wife’s shoulder, turning back to look at her, “You should go with Xiwei……”
“No.” Queen Anna interrupted him with a smile and said softly, “I am the Queen of this Empire, I am also your wife. No matter what, I should be by your side and we should face everything together”
Queen Anna gently held His Majesty Trent’s hand, her gaze was earnest and resolute.
The woman who appeared weak and gentle, at that moment, the brilliance in her eyes even surpassed the most resplendent starlight in the sky.
The author has something to say: There is only the calm left before the storm ~~
Before the storm arrives, the little monster, classmate Lin Yuan still has to be marked, simply adding hail to a storm (be delighted to hear and see it).
Time goes by especially fast and the first-semester assessment of St. Romia Military Academy’s reformed educational system was coming up soon.
Due to his bustling academic life, Lin Yuan put other things off to the side for the time being. He must make an all-out effort for the military academy’s stringent evaluation system. Lin Yuan had already won the Outstanding Student of the Year honorary certificate. As the squad leader of the Command Department’s Class 1, he cannot allow his performance to betray the confidence put in him by his fellow classmates. Since everyone voted for him, he must do his best.
In the past few days, Lin Yuan has been hanging around the library to review almost every day. Snow too has to deal with the entrance examination of the medical school. The two of them have both made an unspoken agreement to make the most of every second to review, practically treating the library as their homes.
Two little Omega monsters study books in the library as if their lives depended on it, Caesar and Brian naturally wanted to accompany them.
Every day after dinner, there seemed to be a type of tacit agreement between the four of them to go to the library together.
Brian and Caesar didn’t need to review so earnestly, leaving aside that Brian had already learned these courses under the guidance of Berg from the time he was a child. As a prince, he has also long since been able to recite a majority of the theoretical knowledge in regards to the Command Department frontwards and backward. However, Lin Yuan and Snow are going to the library and so the two of them naturally want to come along. With their Omegas at their side, even the dry and dull revision process becomes joyous and harmonious.
Very soon, the time comes to take the exams.
Military Theory, Emperor’s XX History, Battle Operation Technique, Cosmic Mechanics, Introduction to Outer Space, and so on, one subject after another, testing eight courses for four days in a row, all students were tested to the point of nearly hacking up blood.
Because Lin Yuan had been laboriously reviewing for more than half a month, he did very well in the exam room. When he finished the exam, a glittering smile covered his face.
On the way back to the dormitory, Lin Yuan also excitedly matched his answers up against Caesar’s, “Caesar, what did you choose for the last question?”
Caesar couldn’t help but smile and say as he came into contact with Lin Yuan’s bright eyes: “Why, do you not have confidence in the answer you chose? ”
Lin Yuan very honestly said: “En, I am certain of all the other questions, it’s only on this question that I’m unsure of, I randomly guessed on it. ”
Caesar said: “You should’ve chosen C, Cosmic Calendar Year 327, February 1.”
“……oh, then I chose the wrong one.” Lin Yuan smiled and said, “Sure enough, I can’t guess the right answer every time, ah.”
At that time he was taking the entrance exam for the military academy, there was a question in the Theoretical Course that he couldn’t answer. He randomly made a wild guess and unexpectedly guessed it correctly. Thus, he received a full 300-points school score in his admission records, thereby attracting Caesar’s attention.
Good luck does not pay a visit to you every time, this time he guessed incorrectly, Lin Yuan, however, did not mind this. In any case, he spared no effort while reviewing. It was good enough that he could look into his heart with a clear conscience, he couldn’t get full marks every single time.
Lin Yuan looked back at Caesar and changed the topic: “That’s right, what plans do you have after we’re let out for vacation, ah?”
Caesar smiled and said: “I want to go to Planet Rennes to see snow.”
Immediately, Lin Yuan said excitedly: “Okay, ah, I will be your tour guide! The snowy scenery in my hometown is indeed the most beautiful in the whole Empire. Planet Rennes has a lot of beautiful attractions and there are also all kinds of artistic ice sculptures. We can even go skiing……”
Looking at Lin Yuan’s excited appearance, Caesar couldn’t help but grudgingly heave a sigh at the bottom of his heart.
Lin Yuan’s nerves are truly super thick, making it so that people are unable to face him straight-on. The two are now in a romantic relationship. Caesar said that he wanted to go to Lin Yuan’s hometown. This is obviously to meet his family and set the pace of their relationship, yet Lin Yuan says with an unbothered face…… I can be your tour guide?
Evidently, this little guy had not realized that Caesar was not going there in order to “travel” and “see the snowy scenery”, but rather to “meet the parents”.
***
Their minds ran on the same wavelength. While Snow was packing his luggage in his dorm room, Brian suddenly walked up to Snow with a thick face and asked: “Are you going back home for vacation?”
Snow gave him a puzzled glance, “Heading back, ah, what’s going on? ”
Brian said in all smiles: “Take me along with you.”
Snow: “……what are you going to be doing over there?”
Brian smiled and said: “I want to see the place where you grew up. Besides, your dads will be staying over here the whole time and you’ll be all by yourself going home, you might as well bring me along.”
After a short period of silence, Snow only said faintly: “The Cigar Galaxy is very cold, you won’t be accustomed to it going over there.”
Brian rushed to say: “How could that be so, I’ve especially wanted to go there to see the snow ever since I was a kid. I heard that the snowy scenery in your hometown is pretty nice.”
Snow: “……”
This pesky Alpha made Snow feel very helpless, most of all was the expectant smile that was meeting his gaze, this kind of shining gaze was simply like a large dog begging for food from its owner……
Snow is not as thick-headed as Lin Yuan and he has long since seen through Brian ‘s intentions in his eyes— holiday trips for two are indeed one of the best ways to further a relationship between couples. Many of these couples take a qualitative leap in their relationships throughout the course of a trip…… Two people staying at the same hotel, sleeping in the same bed, it was difficult to guarantee what kind of things would happen.
Furthermore, Brian did not look like a man of honor who would look at his Omega beside him without making a move.
This guy ordinarily just likes to steal kisses from Snow. If the two of them spend their vacations together, God knows whether or not he would just directly overwhelm him and mark him?
Snow hesitated for a second, saying: “I’m only staying for a couple of days at Planet Oman before coming back, Father bought a house near the school, so I have to move all of my stuff over, then will live there in the future.”
“You’re going to be moving, ah?” Brian’s pair of eyes brightened: “Then that’s perfect, you’ll tire yourself out too much moving by yourself, I’ll go over and lend a hand!”
His eyes full of expectations simply made anyone unable to refuse him. His thick-faced coaxing and pestering is certainly his best weapon in dealing with Snow.
Under Brian’s expectant gaze, Snow ultimately relented and stiffly nodded, saying: “……then ……alright, you come over and help me out. Father has already booked my ticket for me, it’s for the spacecraft on the evening of the 6th.”
Brian hurriedly said: “Okay, I’ll book it at once!”
Looking at Brian who was smugly running off to book a ticket, Snow could not help but helplessly wrinkle his eyebrows—
He never thought that someone would like to stick to him so much, seeing himself all day long didn’t bother him at all. But even stranger, Snow himself wasn’t even bothered by being stuck to by Brian either?
Could it be because he was getting used to it?
***
The test scores came out the next day and were sent to each person’s inbox by email. Only the grades of each course and the rank of themselves in their own class were given. Other peoples’ grades were unable to be known since they were **.
All four passed without a hitch, none of them failed any subjects. Lin Yuan even lived up to expectations and took second place for the best grades in their class. Lin Yuan presumed that the first place must have been taken by Caesar and ran off to Caesar’s bedroom to ask. As expected, Caesar had gotten full marks.
Lin Yuan could not help sticking his thumb up in admiration, “You really are too fierce.”
Caesar gave a small smile and said silently to himself: “If one isn’t a bit fierce, how could you conquer this little monster that is looked upon as an idol by all of the Betas in the school?”
Lin Yuan came face to face with the glimmering smile Caesar wore, somewhat mistrustfully saying: “What are you smiling at, ah?”
Caesar put away his smile and said seriously: “When do you plan on going home?”
Lin Yuan said: “Tomorrow evening, General Udir has booked tickets for me and Snow and we will also be meeting up with his dad tomorrow morning.”
Caesar asked: “Would you like me to accompany you over?”
Lin Yuan hurriedly said: “No need, just going together with Snow is fine.”
Caesar didn’t have much more to say then. He had this big brother Snow at his side and he was in a military district with good public security. He wasn’t worried that anything would happen to Lin Yuan. All-day tomorrow was just enough time to think about what gifts to bring to this little monster’s adoptive mother and sister. This time cannot be a repeat of the tragedy that was meeting the Marshal. At the very least he has to leave a good impression on his adoptive mother and sister.
That evening, Lin Yuan finished taking a bath very early and played a few mech battles in passing.
Almost three months had already passed to the day when he was temporarily marked by Caesar in Cepheus, that is, next time he has to inject an inhibitor to suppress his estrus.
He didn’t know what was going on either. While he was sleeping in the middle of the night, he was abruptly roused by a frightful dream, and the strange stirring in the depths of his body made Lin Yuan break out in sweats all over his body. The odd feeling of emptiness was just like being bitten by millions of ants……
“Mmn……”
Lin Yuan blushed and stretched a hand into his pants, holding the offending part and hastily resolved it, but strangely, his body seemed to be incapable of obtaining any satisfaction at all. On the contrary, in the wake of the first venting, that weird sense of emptiness became even stronger.
Lin Yuan scrambled to the table and opened that locked drawer with shaking fingers—
Inside there was a transparent bottle in the drawer filled with white pills, which were inhibitor pills mailed over by Dr. Fornt previously and because his estrus was suppressed by Caesar’s temporary mark, Lin Yuan has not taken any of these for the past three months, but the situation tonight seems to be somewhat off. Lin Yuan no longer hesitates to take a pill and swallow it down with warm water. He then dashes into the bathroom to take a cold shower.
Strange desires within the body were slowly pressed back down, Lin Yuan sat in the bathtub, letting out a relaxed sigh at last.
He headed back to bed once again, but couldn’t fall back asleep. Lin Yuan always felt that a ferocious beast seemed to be imprisoned in the depths of his body. Even though it was complacent for the time being, there would inevitably be a day where it would break out of its cage…… it was just as if a vicious beast was forcibly locked away in a zoo. It has been suppressed for too long and had accumulated too much anger. Once the cage is opened, the consequences are simply unthinkable……
Uncle Ling Feng is a professional doctor, the inhibitors he makes should be useful, shouldn’t they? Lin Yuan can only think like this to disperse the intense uneasiness that suddenly surges in his heart.
***
The next morning, Snow and Lin Yuan had already left by the time Ceasar and Brian had gotten out of bed.
Thus, two bored Alphas grouped together and went shopping in town. Caesar was going to buy a housewarming gift for Lin Yuan’s mother and sister. Brian planned to buy Snow some delicious things to bring onto the spacecraft for snacks. After strolling about for half a day, they soon completed their tasks. When they came back to the dormitory, the two Omegas unexpectantly still hadn’t returned.
Brian couldn’t help but ask: “You said Snow took Lin Yuan back to his dad’s place. What on earth are they doing?”
Caesar said: “They ought to be getting inhibitor injections…… it’s almost been three months since they were marked.”
Brian froze and touched his nose a bit gloomily.
—Such a mark that expires after three months is truly unpleasant. It seems that Brian ‘s Alpha best before date has already passed. Snow can toss him away into the garbage can. In the future, as long as there is an inhibitor, Snow won’t have a use for Brian.
Brian and Caesar looked at each other face to face……
How could these Alphas be feeling so pitiful?
The value of their existence appears to be worth less than an inhibitor?
In the eyes of Lin Yuan and Snow, these two Alphas are indeed pretty handy as temporary inhibitors.
Yet Snow was gradually lowering the defenses erected around his heart for Brian and was even a little moved. Lin Yuan, on the other hand, was slow enough to make a person unable to stand to look at him.
Even after going through two days of wilderness group training, mutually comforting each other in a small tent with Caesar all throughout the night, the simple-minded Classmate Lin Yuan very quickly forgot about that matter and devoted all his energy to studying.
Ling Feng went over and specially tidied up the inside of the place that Udir bought in advance. When Lin Yuan and Snow searched for the house in light of the address, the house was already put together very neatly and tidily. It had a very homely feeling.
Ling Feng was wrapped around in an apron preparing a meal for Snow and Lin Yuan, Udir was lending a hand off to the side. It was hard to imagine the General of the Rose Legion who has always possessed a gentlemanly elegance would surprisingly roll up his sleeves to help cut up vegetables, slicing them uniformly.
The sumptuous lunch was quickly served on the table and the four of them ate around the table.
Lin Yuan looked at the way Udir smiles and brings the dishes to Ling Feng and Snow and he couldn’t help but feel a bit of sourness rise at the bottom of his heart—
The feeling of a whole family coming together is truly nice.
Looking at Snow and his fathers sitting all together, Lin Yuan was especially envious. He was unable to get in touch with his father and he didn’t have a clue where his dad was. Lin Yuan didn’t even know for sure if they were safe and sound. That type of feeling of his heart being squeezed was particularly painful……
Above all, when compared with the warm scene of Snow’s family being reunited and Lin Yuan just sitting there looking very lonely and helpless.
Seeing Lin Yuan’s hanging his head silently eating food, Ling Feng couldn’t help but take the initiative to pass a pork chop over to him, softly saying: “Xiao Yuan, try it, I made it myself……”
Lin Yuan immediately looked up and smiled, saying: “Thank you Uncle, I’ve got it from here.”
Ling Feng looked at Lin Yuan and wondered what the right thing to say was.
The connection between him and Ling Yu has been broken off for a long time. Udir even analyzed the probability of Rosen and Ling Yu still being alive, but the unease in Ling Feng’s heart nevertheless has yet to lessen……
How difficult would it be for Xiao Yuan if by any chance something had happened to Ling Yu?
He didn’t even dare think about the aftermath of this.
Looking at the youth who had always been lively and cheerful hanging his head down in a depressed manner, Ling Feng could only feel unimaginably distressed.
After the meal, Ling Feng called for Snow and Lin Yuan to come into a room and carefully examined their physical conditions. The pheromone levels in their blood tended to 0, clearly still not entering estrus. Ling Feng then laid down his worries, brought the inhibitor out and individually injected it into the two of them.
The transparent liquid unhurriedly flowed into their bodies through their veins, both Snow and Lin Yuan breathed out a sigh of relief at last.
The effectiveness of this injection is three months, and the injection of this inhibitor means that they have no need to worry for at least three months.
On the way back, Lin Yuan kept his hands in his pockets and silently bowed his head as he moved forth. Snow perceived his downcast mood and couldn’t help saying quietly: “Xiao Yuan, are you still worried about Marshal Rosen?”
After a moment of silence, Lin Yuan said in a low voice: “I don’t know how he is doing right now, I haven’t been able to reach him at all.”
Snow lightly patted his little brother’s shoulder, comforting: “Don’t worry, he might be busy at the moment, if something had happened to him, it’d have already been announced in the news by now.”
Lin Yuan nodded, “En.”
Snow changed the topic and said, “Head back and rest for a bit, go over to the Space Station for the evening spacecraft. By the way, Brian said he would be coming along with me and bought a ticket for this trip.”
Lin Yuan said in surprise: “Is Brian meeting up with Caesar? Why are they both going to the Cigar Galaxy?”
Snow also said in surprise: “Caesar is going too?”
Lin Yuan nodded his head, “Yeah, he said he wanted to go with me to see the snowy scenery……”
The two looked at each other and then simultaneously looked away in embarrassment.
—These two large doting Alphas, why do they have to follow them everywhere they go?
***
Lin Yuan didn’t anticipate that Caesar would not only follow after him but would even be staying with him too.
After passing through the security check and boarding the cosmic passenger spacecraft, when Lin Yuan found his cabin in accordance with the ticket number, he discovered that in the seat opposite to him, it was not Snow at all. Rather, it was a guy standing tall, the view of his back appearing extremely familiar.
That guy heard some movement, turned his head around, and gave a small smile at him. His smile was handsome and dazzling.
Lin Yuan abruptly froze where he stood in shock: “……Cae, Caesar? How did you get here?”
Caesar said frankly: “I exchanged tickets with Snow.”
Lin Yuan: “……………… ”
The justification Caesar gave the exchange of tickets with Snow was that he and Lin Yuan are in the same class. The teacher for an upcoming exam was far too abnormal and had a lot of tricky questions. With the two of them staying together, it was the perfect chance to talk over how he should solve those questions he couldn’t do.
When Caesar spoke, he was very earnest and serious, as if he really was switching seats for the purpose of consulting the subjects with Lin Yuan. Although Snow knew that it was impossible for them to only discuss the problems together, since Caesar offered to change tickets, Snow was also found it embarrassing to refuse him outright.
No matter what, their two cabins would be near to each other and it will be the same when he goes looking to chat with Lin Yuan tomorrow at daybreak after tonight passes.
It’s just that, seeing the smile plastered on Classmate Brian’s face on the bed across from him, helping him pack his bags, Snow suddenly felt like he had “fallen into a trap”.
This spacecraft set off from Po Military Starfield, passed through Lyra, and then arrived at the Cigar Galaxy. It was much faster than the trip Lin Yuan took on his way to school and the whole journey took only four days. The spacecraft passenger capacity was also relatively smaller. There were a whole bunch of VIP cabins. The VIP double room cabins were comparable to the double rooms of hotels. The expansive beds, the plush couch-like safety chairs, and even the personal bathrooms were put together very cleanly and tidily.
This sort of cozy environment is indeed worthy of the high price of VIP tickets.
Now that Caesar had exchanged his ticket with Snow’s, Lin Yuan was also too embarrassed to say “I’ll go switch it back” and was forced to sit down on the other bed.
After a fit of violent tremors, the spacecraft quickly took off, leaving the Po Military Starfield and smoothly entered the space channel.
It was already more than ten o’clock in the evening. Through the porthole, one could see the landscape of the cosmos, but Lin Yuan simply was not in the mood to appreciate it. He hung his head down and began dozing off.
When Caesar saw that his mind was clearly growing weary bit by bit, he said in a soft voice: “Xiao Yuan, go to bed a bit earlier if you are tired.”
“En…… Then I’ll go to sleep first.” Lin Yuan yawned and rubbed his eyes. He took off his coat, laid down on the bed, and covered himself with the quilt.
Past all expectations, while he had just been nodding off sitting in the safety chair, he, however, couldn’t get to sleep after lying down.
For some reason, his mind seemed a bit restless and his body’s reactions seemed to grow strange, but he couldn’t tell where exactly the weirdness was coming from. He started feeling different to some extent ever since he got the injection of that inhibitor, just as he had always done.
Seeing that Lin Yuan was laying down, Caesar thoughtfully turned off the lights in the room and the inside of the cabin suddenly fell into darkness.
Lin Yuan wrapped his quilt around him tightly and shut his eyes. While he still couldn’t fall asleep, Caesar next to him nevertheless soon fell into a deep sleep, he breathed evenly.
He doesn’t know how long passed, the spacecraft encountered a fluctuating airflow and suddenly jolted. Subsequently, a strange warmth rose from within Lin Yuan’s body and it swept through his whole body like a storm!
He soon hardened and the unmentionable place behind him even contracted impatiently, as if longing for something, the sense of emptiness in his body grew stronger and stronger, a strange trembling sensation slowly climbed from the base of his spine to the top of his head……
Lin Yuan opened his eyes wide in shock— wha, what is going on here?!
The author has something to say:
Everyone previously guessing the location of their first time did not guess it, hehe, the protagonists’ first time is on a shaking ship, they are not ordinary shakes of a ship, it’s a spacecraft……
This author’s moral integrity has already been eaten up by all of you ^ _ ^
NSFW
The spacecraft encountering airflow fluctuations during the course of navigation is a very common phenomenon, Caesar is a very light sleeper and the sudden shocks roused him from his sleep immediately afterward.
The shocks lasted for close to ten seconds before the spacecraft then very quickly stabilized.
Caesar rolled over and intended to continue sleeping, but his keen nose suddenly picked up an odd smell— a kind of strangely fragrant and sweet scent that was seemingly captivatingly depraved, the heavy and pure scent of Omega pheromones flooded the enclosed cabin like a violently surging tide, it washed over every pore on his body, causing a warm flow of desire to suddenly rise throughout Caesar’s body.
Caesar: “………”
He had even thought that it was all a strange spring dream. Caesar slightly frowned, suppressing the inexplicable urge rising within him, he turned his back away from Lin Yuan’s direction and closed his eyes.
“Mnn… mmph…”
Low groaning sounds suddenly rang in his ears and they appeared to stifle some sort of pain—
That was Lin Yuan’s voice?!
Caesar hesitated for a moment before immediately coming to the realization that this was no dream. Using his fastest speed, he rolled out of bed, turned on the lights in the room, and sped-walked over to Lin Yuan’s bedside— he merely saw that Lin Yuan had wrapped himself into a large
zongzi
on the bed. His entire body was bundled in a quilt.
(
TN
: Taken from Wikipedia- Zongzi is a traditional Chinese rice dish made of glutinous rice stuffed with different fillings and wrapped in bamboo leaves.)
Caesar asked in befuddlement: “Xiao Yuan, what’s going on with you?”
Lin Yuan didn’t respond, but the quilt harshly trembled.
Caesar couldn’t help but extend his hand and lift open the quilt— he only saw Lin Yuan reaching into his pants and he somewhat shakily moved up and down. There was a trace of moisture floating in his dark eyes and his face red almost to the point of dripping blood.
Caesar: “………”
Wha-what is this situation?
The sweet fragrance of the Omega pheromones in the nose grows even more intense due to the near proximity. Should this type of rich pheromone scent spread out, once it garners the attention of all of the other Alphas on the spacecraft, the consequences would be too horrible to contemplate!
Caesar immediately knit his brows and said: “White Feather!”
Yawning inside the space button, White Feather’s spirit trembled with fear. It jumped out in a panic, saying: “What’s going on! What’s going on! What happened?”
Caesar sat down on his bedside and gently helped Lin Yuan up, letting him lean into his arms while saying to White Feather: “Seal off the cabin right away and purify the air!”
“…oh!”
White Feather did as requested without an inkling of hesitation, blocking off the entire cabin from the outside and simultaneously initiated its air purification system.
After the rich pheromone scent inside the room had been purified, the air was significantly fresher and cleaner, but the sweet pheromones that continued coming from Lin Yuan’s body nevertheless quickly filled the room once more.
White Feather was shocked and said: “The pheromones are still being continuously produced… is it impossible to completely eliminate it with this kind of purification, ah?”
The color of Caesar’s eyes deepened. The scent of this kind of pheromone is still being unceasingly produced. The mech’s air purification system cannot completely remove this kind of smell… After a period of silence, Caesar said: “Inspect the cabin, there must be no gaps whatsoever for the smell of pheromones to leak out!”
There are a lot of Alphas on this spacecraft, if the scent is leaked, the aftermath would be awfully grave.
White Feather also perceived the seriousness of the matter from its Master’s mental fluctuations, it immediately turned around and fully inspected the cabin carefully and confirmed that there were no gaps. Only then did it return to Caesar and say: “Master, the seal is complete!”
Looking on as the smell of pheromone grew richer and richer, there seemed to be the warning signs of entering estrus. Caesar said in a rush: “Quickly test the presence of pheromones in his body.”
“OK!” White Feather took a drop of Lin Yuan’s blood for testing and very quickly obtained the end results, saying in astonishment: “Ma-Master! The pheromone presence in his blood has already risen to 9.0… ha-has his estrus arrived?!”
Caesar’s face abruptly stiffened.
—If it is indeed caused by estrus, then that would be why his pheromones have become so rich?
—But how could Xiao Yuan suddenly enter estrus?
—Did he not meet with Ling Feng this afternoon and inject an inhibitor?
These three questions both shocked and puzzled Caesar’s heart.
Before an estrus arrives, Omega can use various methods— such as temporary marks and injecting inhibitors— to prevent the estrus from arriving, but once the pheromone level exceeds 9.0 and officially enters estrus, there is then only one way— a complete mark!
An Omega who had officially entered estrus is unable to use any other means to prevent it, they can only follow their physiological instincts. Their desire to be embraced and marked from their physiological instincts is even stronger than the most powerful aphrodisiac in the world.
In the same way, an Omega’s estrus will stir Alphas and make an Alpha’s physiological instinct to possess the other come into being too.
He liked allowing him to lean into his embrace at the moment, exuding the purest and sweetest pheromone scent on his body. It threads around his heart, like falling into a sugar-coated trap… Fortunately, Caesar had previously taken an Omega Pheromone Resistance training course and he can still maintain a sense of reason under these conditions. Had it been another Alpha, perhaps they would have long since come over and…
Caesar resolutely drove his nails into the palm of his hand, making himself preserve his rationality and asked as calmly as possible: “Xiao Yuan, can you hear me? How did this happen? Didn’t you go with Snow today to inject inhibitors?”
Lin Yuan: “I… I… hnn… “
As soon as the words came out, a strong sense of emptiness suddenly rose from within the depths of his body. Lin Yuan couldn’t stop himself from opening his mouth to let hurried and brief gasps of air out.
It was as if there was a fire burning in his body, nearly all of his internal organs along with his rationale were burned to ashes…
Lin Yuan firmly bit down of his lips and the strong stinging sensation of his teeth digging into his flesh retrieved a trace of his reason. Lin Yuan opened his eyes and grabbed Caesar’s hand tightly, saying in broken gasps: “Caesar, quick, give me my communicator. I want to ask Uncle what’s going on…”
As a matter of fact, at this moment, Lin Yuan was even more shocked and confused than Caesar was, because at noon today, Ling Feng had undoubtedly checked his body and injected him with his newly developed inhibitor for him— how could he suddenly go into estrus? Could the inhibitor have failed?
Seeing Lin Yuan’s unsightly complexion, Caesar hurriedly brought his communicator over and dialed Ling Feng’s communicator.
During the spacecraft’s voyage through the cosmos, the communication signal will be transmitted through space stations of multiple galaxies, there would consequently be a delay. After around more than half a minute passed, a virtual 3D image slowly shows up on the screen in front of them.
Ling Feng appeared to have just finished taking a bath and was about to go to bed. He was seated on the bedside in a set of white pajamas, catching sight of Caesar, he asked puzzledly: “Caesar, you’re looking for me so late in the evening, what’s going on?”
Caesar hurriedly said: “There is something a bit off with Xiao Yuan’s physical condition, it seems like he has suddenly gone into estrus… Didn’t he go to you to inject an inhibitor today?”
Ling Feng said in surprise: “Going into estrus? How is that possible?”
Ling Feng paused, it seemed like something had come to mind, he lifted his head anxiously and said: “Caesar, please ask Xiao Yuan real quick, did he at any point take the pills Dr. Fornt had sent over?!”
Although Lin Yuan’s body was very unwell, his mind was still clear and hearing Ling Feng’s words, he quickly replied: “I only took one. The pheromones inside my body didn’t seem too right. I just took one piece to suppress it for the time being…”
Ling Feng stared blankly ahead, his complexion ugly: “Xiao Yuan, did I not clearly tell you beforehand to avoid taking those pills again? The inhibitor I injected you with was manufactured in accordance with a new formula. This effectiveness of those two medicines may disturb one another…”
Ling Feng did indeed tell Lin Yuan beforehand that the kind of medicine given to him by Fornt would only work when consistently taken during his youth into his adult years, being able to completely change him into a Beta by the time he was 18. But after Lin Yuan stopped taking his medicine and was marked by Caesar in Cepheus, his Omega glands have already been fully activated, that medicine wouldn’t have too great of an impact on him.
Although that medicine was capable of temporarily suppressing the fluctuation of his pheromones, a conflict, however, arose with the effect of Ling Feng’s newly developed inhibitor injection. As a result, leading to the tediously established balance of pheromones in his body to suddenly collapse and the effect of the inhibitor also fell apart all-around
Lin Yuan didn’t expect this at all and hearing what his uncle was saying, he couldn’t help but widen his eyes in shock—
It was actually because of the inhibitor pills he took last night?
Many times before, when his body wasn’t in condition, Lin Yuan would take the inhibitor pills made by Dr. Fornt to suppress it. Taking into account the urgency of the situation last night, he didn’t give it so much as a second thought. He thought that the pills and injection were both inhibitors, the composition was about the same. Only the effect of one was strong and the other weak…
He never would have thought that these two inhibitors would affect each other.
Lin Yuan suddenly had the feeling that rock was lifted up and smashed down on his foot. His complexion flashed between red and white and he lamented until his intestines went green, but he didn’t know anything good to say.
Ling Feng said worriedly: “Xiao Yuan, after debarking the spacecraft tomorrow morning at Lyra, I will space jump over there ahead of time to help the two of you out!”
Lin Yuan: “…”
Lin Yuan tightly bit down on his lower lip and said nothing, he feared that as soon as he opened his mouth, he would uncontrollably let out moans.
His endurance has obviously reached their limits. The beasts that have been repressed deep within his body for many years seemed to have finally found their chance. They violently struggle free from layers upon layers of their confines and cages, their frantic roars rising in his body… A strong sense of emptiness fled along his peripheral nerves to spread throughout his entire body, the desire to be embraced by someone, like a tree bud breaking through the ground, rapidly flourished and spread in the bottom of his heart.
Ling Feng is still anxiously inquiring: “Xiao Yuan? How is your situation right now? Don’t worry, first have Suzaku give you an inhibitor injection, I will get going to meet up with you at Lyra immediately!”
The inhibitor Ling Feng this time could pass through the interstellar gateway inspection. When Lin Yuan had set off, Ling Feng gave him some injections in Suzaku’s reserve storage to bring along with him should there ever be a time he needed it.
“…” Lin Yuan tightly clutched at the bedsheets, the pins and needles and the itchiness throughout his body made him feel extremely uncomfortable, unable to say a single word.
Caesar glanced at the youth with his face thoroughly flushed a deep red and turned his head back around, saying in a low voice towards Ling Feng: “…it’s too late.”
Ling Feng froze, and a faint sense of a foreboding premonition suddenly bubbled up in his heart. “It’s too late? Don’t tell me…”
Caesar nodded with his facial expression weighted heavily down, “I just asked White Feather to test the pheromone amount in his body, it has already exceeded 9.0.”Ling Feng: “……… “
Once the numerical pheromone value in their blood exceeds 9.0, they will go into estrus immediately. And in the case an Omega enters estrus, there is no medication that could do anything to contain it. They can only comply with their body’s instinctual desires, longing to be embraced by someone, be possessed by someone, be marked by someone— and when these desires cannot be met, they will frantically hurt themselves like rabid beasts.
—This is an Omega’s nature, a nature no one can avoid.
Lin Yuan has already accidentally entered his estrus, which also means that an inhibitor wouldn’t be of any use to him, he must find an Alpha to mark him and this time his estrus will continue for at least three days and three nights.
Looking at Lin Yuan’s body curled up through the projection screen, Ling Feng couldn’t help but feel a bit worried—
Xiao Yuan had just turned eighteen years old and has always been so cheerful and lively, but as if the Heavens were playing with him, an accidental medicine withdrawal destroyed his hopes of becoming a Beta. This time, he suddenly entered his estrus and to top it all off, it had to be on a spacecraft.
Ling Feng simply couldn’t bring himself to say such words as “let an Alpha mark you”.
Caesar was silent for a moment, then said in a hushed tone: “You can rest assured that with me here… I will take good care of him.”
Ling Feng looked distracted for a bit, coming into contact with Caesar’s resolute gaze, and after a good while later, he then sighed and said quietly: “Please, if you would.”
Caesar nodded earnestly before then turning off the communicator.
***
After cutting off the communication, he turned his head around to look towards the person in his arms. Lin Yuan had long ago endured it to his limits. A great amount of sweat made his shirt tightly stick to his body, outlining the thin and supple curve of his lean waist.
Caesar swallowed a mouthful of saliva and reached for the collar of Lin Yuan’s shirt, undoing the buttons one by one.
Lin Yuan came to and opened his eyes only to find that he was being held in his arms by Caesar and half-pressed down on the bed. Caesar was tightly drawing him to himself with one hand wrapped around his waist while the other hand was opening his shirt buttons…
Four buttons have already been undone, revealing a wide expanse of his fair chest.
Lin Yuan quickly grabbed Caesar’s hand and said in-between pants: “Caesar… don’t… don’t do this…”
Caesar stopped in his movements, lightly gripping Lin Yuan’s severely trembling fingers, saying in a low voice: “Xiao Yuan, there is no way to use drugs to control this estrus, you must go through with a complete mark……”
Lin Yuan stared blankly ahead and looked at Caesar, saying: “There’s no other way?”
The youth’s clear, jet-black eyes were full of expectations, seemingly expecting Caesar to announce another way.
However, Caesar nevertheless leaned down and softly kissed his forehead, saying in a soft voice: “Marking is the only option… Let me handle it, okay?”
“…” Lin Yuan pursed his brows at a loss.
He really did hear that Omega’s estrus cannot be stopped and can only be marked. But how does one go about the process of being completely marked? Lin Yuan has absolutely no experience in this field.
Moreover, as soon as he thought of using the place behind him to take in Caesar, Lin Yuan felt the fine hairs covering his body stand up.
Caesar’s hand still tightly clung to Lin Yuan’s waist, his deep eyes stared at him earnestly as well as persistently, saying word by word: “Xiao Yuan, I love you… let me mark you, can’t you?”
Lin Yuan: “…”
Caesar’s deep and low voice was like a magical spell. When he heard him say “I love you”, he even felt a slight numb feeling in his heart.
The strong and pure smell of the Alpha pheromones wraps around his whole body, the comfortably warm feeling practically made Lin Yuan feel dizzy, and the strong desires in the depths of his body made Lin Yuan fully incapable of speaking out the word “no”.
Lin Yuan was silent for a moment and said with a bit of embarrassment: “But I don’t know how to go about doing a complete mark… Do you?”
Caesar naturally does.
Although Lin Yuan is physically an Omega, he has always had the mind of a Beta. Concerning the matter of a complete mark, he was disinclined to delve deeply into understanding it because he never would have thought that he would actually come a day where he would be completely marked.
But as a prince in a physiology class at 16-years-old, Caesar had a specialized teacher who explained to him the detailed step-by-step procedure for complete marks. He also knew how to preserve his physical strength while simultaneously properly taking care of his Omega during the three whole days of estrus.
Although Caesar doesn’t have any experience either, for his first time with Xiao Yuan, he will try his best to satisfy Xiao Yuan.
Caesar gave a small smile and moved in closer to place a kiss on the lips Lin Yuan had bitten bloody. He carefully licked the bloodstains off of his lips, only after did he say in a low voice: “Don’t be worried, I will handle it.”
Speaking simple words seemed to really have a soothing force, Lin Yuan ultimately threw caution to the wind and nodded.
Looking at his brave facial expression as if he were heroically offering up his life for a righteous cause, Caesar couldn’t help laughing and softly spoke into his ear: “Relax, I will make you feel good.”
White Feather, who was in the middle of purifying the air, immediately said excitedly hearing these words: “Master, Master, are you really going to mark him?”
“…” This mech really spouts a lot of rubbish, Caesar frowned, saying: “Go and keep watch at the door for me, don’t let anyone in!”
“…oh!” White Feather wasted no time in happily flying to guard the door, it locked in the cabin door directly from the inside, all of the openings were carefully sealed, and even the air purification system was thoughtfully initiated to filter the scent of pheromones in the room at all times.
Although White Feather is usually a chatter-box, at this moment, however, it knows that shutting its mouth is the best choice, if not, Master will definitely disassemble it.
As a highly intelligent S-Class mech, White Feather decided to perform its duties displaying its undying loyalty and be a good door guard for its Master… However, being able to easily witness the process of its Master marking Lin Yuan doesn’t seem too bad either, ha? Just think of it as the welfare of a mech gatekeeper?
But really, Predecessor Suzaku didn’t want to watch at all and actually shut straight off?
***
“Mnn…”
Hearing a stifled moan from Lin Yuan sound in his ear, Caesar picked up Lin Yuan in a horizontal carry and turned towards the bathroom. He brought Lin Yuan to the bathroom and let out warmed water into the tub, he then took his shirt and pants all the way off, and gently placed Lin Yuan into the bathtub.
Omegas are especially fond of cleanliness during estrus. Caesar wants to clean each other off a bit so Lin Yuan could be a bit more comfortable.
The inside of the spacecraft’s VIP cabin bathroom was fixed up as nicely as a hotel. Lin Yuan’s bare back came into contact with the ice-cold bathtub. A trace of a subtle numbness suddenly surfaced on his back. Before he could react, Caesar had soon afterward pushed him directly down.
Lying on his back in the bathtub, coming face-to-face with Caesar’s gaze, this position made Lin Yuan a little embarrassed, so he was forced to turn his head away to not look at him.
The water temperature in the bathtub was very cozy, Caesar also took off his clothes. The two met each other sincerely, and on top of that, the lights were still on so they could see each other clearly. Lin Yuan aimed his gaze at the lower half of Caesar, that place of an Alpha was so frightfully large that it made Lin Yuan’s scalp burst out in numbness.
Caesar’s fingers tenderly caressed Lin Yuan’s body and simply washed the two of them at the fastest speed.
Lin Yuan’s body is very sensitive and his lower half has long since stood up tall. The comforting feeling of being gently caressed and stroked by an Alpha almost makes him want to immediately release.
Seeing the both enthusiastic and honest manner of Lin Yuan’s body, Caesar wanted to do it directly inside the bathroom, but he was also worried that soaking for too long in the bathtub would cause his skin to dry out, thus he resisted his bodily urges and used a large bath towel to wrap Lin Yuan up in and turned around, carrying him back to the bed in his arms.
Lin Yuan was being carried by him, his heart was particularly at odds.
Previously, he interacted with Caesar as just friends. The two attended class and ate together, they got along especially well. In Lin Yuan’s mind, Caesar is his best friend, even one step closer than a friend.
But now, he was unexpectedly being held by Caesar in a princess-hold or rather, carrying him around in a bridal-carry position. Isn’t this too embarrassing?
Seeing Lin Yuan turning his head away not knowing what his thoughts were, his ears were actually flushed and very nice to look at. Caesar supposed that he was shy, and he soon bent down and kissed him without a trace of politeness, seizing the opportunity to overpower him on the bed.
“Mnn…… mmph…… Cae-Caesar …… hnn……”
This is undoubtedly a gentle kiss to the extreme, every inch of the nooks and crannies within his mouth were all attentively attended to by him. The sensitive walls inside his mouth were lightly licked over by his tongue, leading to shudders to erupt on his back.
The inside of the cabin was very quiet, the breathing of two of them grew distinctly rushed from this kiss.
Perceiving Caesar’s finger probing towards the shy entrance behind him, Lin Yuan’s scalp went all numb, and he instinctively lifted his legs to kick Caesar— ordinarily, when he pits himself against him, he can at least get a draw, but at this moment, Lin Yuan’s body was limp and powerless, the emptiness in his body made his knees go soft. He wanted to kick Caesar’s foot in half, but he had no strength. Instead, Caesar took the advantage to catch it.
The little monster’s resistant actions of punching and kicking from his bashfulness looked especially cute in Caesar’s eyes.
Caesar couldn’t help but give a slight smile, grabbing Lin Yuan’s ankle in passing, he parted his legs, and bent down to stare into his eyes, saying: “What is it? Didn’t you agree to let me handle it?”
Lin Yuan’s face went red, saying: “…it feels really embarrassing…”
Caesar suggested: “Then close your eyes.”
Lin Yuan was silent for a while and had no other choice but to close his eyes, turning his head away.
Caesar grabbed Lin Yuan’s ankle, leaned over, and planted a kiss on his fair instep.
The kiss followed all the way down to his toes. Lin Yuan’s feet had very white skin and his toenails were trimmed particularly smoothly. Because of washing in the bath a moment ago, his slender calves had not been wiped dry and still held the vestiges of water on it. His toes looked fair, making people unable to help but want to take a bite…
Caesar smiled, opened his mouth, placed Lin Yuan’s toes in his mouth, and lightly sucked.
“Ahh… Cae, Caesar …”
Lin Yuan’s eyes abruptly widened, his breathing suddenly thrown into disorder.
—Caesar is actually kissing his toes? Such a terrible scene made Lin Yuan’s simple-minded brain completely unable to calmly accept it!
In fact, the toes are a sensitive area for many Omegas. Sucking the receiving party’s toes during sex makes the other person feel particularly nice… This knowledge was learned by Caesar in a Physiology class he had attended at sixteen years old. At this time, its only natural that the good student, Caesar, should apply what he has learned.
Lin Yuan was unexpectedly so sensitive that his whole body trembled from his toes being sucked a bit, his toes immediately flushed red and curled in on themselves. The part of his that had already been standing up had even begun to secrete a transparent substance from the tip.
Caesar grabbed Lin Yuan’s ankle and separated his legs far apart. His tongue licked all the way up from his instep until he kissed the center of his desire. Caesar smiled and bluntly opened his mouth, taking in that place with his mouth.
NSFW
Chapter 093: Spacecraft
Despite Lin Yuan being 18-years-old at the age of his prime, he had never held too much of a strong interest in the sexual regard. The 3D animated films that boys of this age are fond of watching have never caught a second glance from him and his experience is even more non-existent. In his mind, he would put looking for a girlfriend into consideration only after everything stabilizes in the future. At that time, it wouldn’t be too late for him to start looking then. Unexpectedly, he still hadn’t found a girlfriend but was instead marked by Caesar.
Last time when he was training in the wilderness, he and Caesar used each other's hands to finish inside the tent. For Lin Yuan, that was already the limit that he was capable of accepting. He never would have thought that Caesar would go a step further this time, going so far as to use his mouth…
The moment he took him into his mouth, Lin Yuan was immediately shocked beyond belief and he lowered his head in utter disbelief. He was met with the sight of Caesar’s head buried between his legs and his mouth had taken in that sensitive place, standing up half-erect.
The boy knelt between his legs and was leaning over, taking in his length. This scene made Lin Yuan’s face suddenly go red and he hurriedly reached out his hand and grabbed Caesar’s shoulder, brokenly panting out, “Caesar, Don’t… don’t do it like that, such a… a…”
How can such a place be put in one's mouth? Isn’t it filthy?
Lin Yuan's face flushed, but couldn’t bring himself to say those kinds of words.
Caesar paid no mind to the issue of what was filthy and what wasn't. In his vision, Xiao Yuan, who had just taken a bath, was brimming with a fatal attraction throughout his whole body, making him want to touch him, kiss him, and leave his mark behind.
Caesar not only enveloped that lightly flushed place with his mouth, but also used his tongue to lick gentle stripes up and down.
That part was originally the most sensitive area on his whole body. It was the center of his desire. Subtle sensations can bring great stimulation to his body, not to mention that Caesar’s movements are incomparably gentle. The tongue gently licks and kisses up along the outline of his shaft, making that young and inexperienced part very quickly rise up again.
That sensitive area was enclosed in a warm mouth, Lin Yuan’s whole body immediately went lax. Following the motions of Caesar’s kissing and licking, a strong numbness ascended from his back and charged straight to his brain trailing up his spine.
His body was nearly hot enough to start melting, Lin Yuan’s mind was blank, and he initially wanted to push Caesar’s hand away, but he involuntarily inserted it gently into his scalp, even instinctively pulling Caesar towards himself—
“Oh… Caesar…”
It felt so good, good enough to make Lin Yuan almost lose all reason.
Caesar noticed Lin Yuan’s stirred emotions and smiled, he deep-throated in conjunction with Lin Yuan’s movements.
“Ah… mnn… mnn…”
The intense pleasure was drowning him, Lin Yuan’s gasps for air grew more and more urgent, and the flow of heat inside his body frantically rushed down in the wake of Caesar’s sucking actions. That sensitive part of his was also swollen and stiff to the extreme, practically on the verge of bursting.
When Caesar saw that the occasion was almost up, he opened his mouth and harshly sucked—
Lin Yuan was unable to fight against it, his lower abdomen tensed, and he laid down his arms and surrendered immediately.
“Aaahh…"
The moans went from muffled to high-pitched, Lin Yuan's lower abdomen went into a fit of spasms. The warm substance all shot into Caesar's mouth. Lin Yuan only felt that his soul was being sucked out of his body by Caesar, his whole being softened in a complete loss of strength. He couldn't help but slightly tighten the grip of his fingers threaded through Caesar's hair.
Such a strong feeling of pleasure was several times stronger than the previous time when it was solved with their hands. At the moment he reached his climax in Caesar's mouth, Lin Yuan was even so at peace that he had the illusion that his life would soon reach an end…
***
Caesar swallowed down all the essence that had come from Lin Yuan, looked up at Lin Yuan, stretched out his hand, and lightly stroked Lin Yuan's sweat-laden hair as if in comfort.
Lin Yuan opened his mouth wide and violently gasped for breath.
The fresh air entered his lungs, allowing his mind to gradually regain its clarity. However, the scent of the Alpha pheromones on Caesar's body that was subsequently inhaled into his lungs was like the strongest aphrodisiac, making the feeling of emptiness within grow all the more.
A strange numbness and weakness gradually crawled up his spine, and soon arrived at his brain, rousing the cells throughout his whole body, the desire to be embraced pervaded into every pore like a deadly poison.
The previous climax made his whole body go soft, lacking any strength, but the desire in the depths of his body, however, continued to rise without end. Lin Yuan could only shift and twist around in bed in discomfort.
Right at this moment, a warm liquid suddenly trickled out from the unmentionable area behind him, and his inner thighs suddenly became wet… Lin Yuan realized what it was and immediately went red in the face, he, horrified, had no clue what to say.
When an Omega is in estrus, the inner walls of their rear entrance will actively secrete a lubricating substance, so as to be readily prepared to accept an Alpha. The smooth and moist substance between his legs obviously shows that his body is fully prepared, even hungrily looking forward to the other party's invasion.
His legs had been spread far apart, the area of wetness behind him, such a state of affairs has dealt a great blow to Lin Yuan’s spirit!
He never thought that there would be a day where he would lie down on the bed with his whole body limp and pained like this, spreading open his legs to take in a man… his strong sense of self-respect made Lin Yuan completely unable to accept this fact.
However, his body runs counter to his will.
Even though his heart is not willing, his body nevertheless completely disobeys the decrees of his brain, the ferocious beasts that cannot be appeased discontentedly rampage in his body, and the active pheromones flow all over through his blood to spread into his limbs, making that frantic desire instantly attain its peak.
“Mnn…”
Lin Yuan opened his mouth and gasped for air, his fingers gripping the bed sheets forcibly tightened.
Lin Yuan had just opened his legs, Caesar was squeezed between his two legs, seeing everything clearly…
This kind of position appeared especially embarrassing.
Looking on as Caesar’s hand stretched forward towards the lower entrance below, Lin Yuan's complexion immediately moved his line of sight away with a stiff complexion, pretending that he didn’t mind, but his slightly trembling eyelashes nevertheless exposed his strong uneasiness—
It wasn't until this moment that Lin Yuan realized how difficult it was for an Omega in estrus.
The feeling of being unable to control his own body is really terrible!
He obviously doesn't want to do it like this but because of the influence of pheromones, he doesn't have a choice but to bear this humiliation!
He obviously doesn't want to be an Omega, but because of the arrival of his estrus, he had no choice but to be marked by someone!
Lin Yuan tightly clutched the sheets, he shifted his head to the side and no longer resisted— no matter what, an Omega will not have the strength to resist during their estrus. Since he agreed to let Caesar mark him, there is no point in resisting now.
However, his heart still feels a bit pained.
With such a shameful and humiliating position, spreading his legs open in front of Caesar wasn't something that Lin Yuan would ever do, it was as if he was losing the very last shred of his dignity.
***
Feeling a finger being inserted behind him, Lin Yuan’s body tensed, he bluntly closed his eyes and stopped focusing on it— this is just a bad dream, when I wake up, it'll all be over with.
Caesar was quick to perceive that Lin Yuan’s mood was downcast and his body was rigid. He looked up and caught sight of his eyelashes trembling. He couldn’t help but feel a little distressed— the usual brave and optimistic little monster always had the confidence to fear nothing on Heaven or Earth, but now, due to the arrival of estrus, his entire body powerlessly lays down on the bed at the mercy of others to be taken advantage of, his heart his surely quite aggrieved?
When Caesar thought of this, he then temporarily halted his action of stretching his backside, drew his hand out, leaned down and gently kissed Lin Yuan’s forehead, whispering: “Xiao Yuan, don’t feel upset… remember that I love you, I’m not doing this to disrespect you. You are the person I want to cherish the most. I’m very glad that I can stay by your side while you need to be looked after… these three days, let me help you get through them, okay?”
Lin Yuan froze, in fact, Caesar had no need to explain. An Omega has to be marked by an Alpha while in estrus, otherwise, they wouldn’t survive the estrus. Lin Yuan had already agreed not a moment before to let him mark him, even if he had disregarded his reactions and directly threw himself over and marked him, Lin Yuan couldn't blame him.
However, Caesar’s respect and tenderness gradually dispelled Lin Yuan’s originally pained mood like smoke in thin air.
—This Alpha is different. He loves himself so dearly. Even at this moment, he did not forget to observe his reactions. Even though he was going all out to restrain himself from the influence of the pheromones, he still perceived his downcast mood, and immediately stopped his movements, and consoled him in a gentle and soft tone.
—Caesar’s thoughtfulness and tenderness, like the sunlight during a winter day, shone down, warming the bottom of his heart.
—Allowing such an Alpha mark himself, what else is there to be dissatisfied about?
Lin Yuan ultimately relaxed his body, opened his eyes, and met Caesar’s deep gaze head-on.
At that moment, Lin Yuan suddenly felt that the Caesar in front of him looked particularly handsome. His refined features were like a carefully sculpted artwork under the rendering of the light. A thin layer of sweat covered his strong and alluring muscles, making him appear especially titillating—
The special allure of the man stuck in between a young inexperienced youth and a fully mature adult makes Lin Yuan’s heart suddenly throb fiercely.
The pounding of his heartbeats made the heat rise up in Lin Yuan’s body heat once more, most of all at the place where his bare skin stuck to Caesar, it burned even hotter than fire.
This is my first time, it should also be Caesar's first time then?
After passing this estrus, the two of them will be considered true adults…
So, this first estrus is regarded as a ritual to turn them from boys to real men?
Thinking of this, Lin Yuan’s heart beat even faster and coming in contact with Caesar’s gaze, he completely lost the feeling of grief and disgust from a moment ago but rather looked forward to it a bit instead.
When Caesar saw the little monster’s eyes suddenly seemed to gleam and glisten as if he were thinking up of a mischievous idea, he couldn’t help smiling, he couldn't help lightly pinching Lin Yuan’s face gently, saying in a low voice, “What are you thinking about? Are you willing to accept me?”
Lin Yuan gave it a thought, “It feels really embarrassing to be pressed down on the bed by you… umm, for our first time, can I be on top?”
Lin Yuan looked at Caesar expectantly.
Caesar blanked out for a second, he couldn’t help but slightly perk up the corner of his lips— it turned out that this little guy was just thinking up of this idea. Classmate Lin Yuan actually liked the cowgirl position, which simultaneously surprised Caesar and humored him a bit.
Do you think I will let you off easy on top?
However, Lin Yuan rarely put forward any requests, Caesar was naturally more than happy to meet his needs. He very simply wrapped his arms around him and turned over to lie down flat on the bed. After that, he had Lin Yuan sit on his body and said with a smile: “Like this?”
“…en. “Lin Yuan nodded with a reddened face.
Being pressed down on the bed with his legs spread apart, Lin Yuan felt that he was in a completely vulnerable position as if he were fish on a cutting board for anyone to mess with. But now, Lin Yuan is actively sitting astride on Caesar’s body…
Watching Caesar being pressed under him, he feels much better as expected.
This sort of cowgirl position can also slightly retrieve the shameful feeling of "his powerless body being overpowered by Caesar".
Lin Yuan’s mood slowly took a turn for the better. Although he was still red in the face, there was a trace of radiance in his jet-black eyes.
Caesar kept himself from smiling and said: “So, you like this position… Can I continue?”
“…en.” Lin Yuan adjusted his placement a bit and nodded.
As soon as he lowered his head, he saw that the part where Caesar had long-since hardened and swollen to stand tall. The blue veins on that large part were raised, looking just like a fierce beast, seeming especially threatening and frightening. The two sacks at the base were also completely swollen…
Lin Yuan’s face warmed up and he immediately looked away, his gaze flying from left to right in order to divert his attention.
The VIP cabin is comprehensively equipped, just like their hotel room in the Capital Star.
Looking through the transparent porthole glass, you can see the magnificent landscape of the universe. The spacecraft is right in the middle of peacefully navigating the cosmic ship channel. The collection of stars outside the window twinkle like resplendently dazzling diamonds sprinkled throughout the dark canopy of the sky. Every so once in a while, a nebula flies over the spacecraft, and the widely extensive white nebulae are like the strands of pulled cotton wadding, and even the spectacular meteor showers around the galaxies can be clearly seen.
In this way, the two of them embrace skin-to-skin, seemingly so as to become one with the vast universe.
The number of fingers Caesar presses in increased to three. The uncomfortable sensation of his inner walls being stretched open left Lin Yuan, who was looking around left to right, to finally return to his senses. Feeling the fingers within his body probe and circle, the red coloring on Lin Yuan’s face spread to the tips of his ears in a flash.
The feeling of having someone use their fingers to grope around the inside of his body is very strange. What is even more embarrassing is that Lin Yuan’s body seems to be very fond of Caesar’s fingers. The soft walls behind him hungrily constrict the moment the fingers enter. Even his entrance continuously shrinks as it opens and closes as if it looks forward to being touched by someone.
Lin Yuan a bit awkwardly shifts his body, but just happened to run into the part of Caesar that had been painfully hard for a long time, and the two people’s sensitive parts directly collided. Caesar took in a breath and Lin Yuan immediately froze in embarrassment. The two looked face to face, and Lin Yuan immediately looked away.
Lin Yuan propped up his body with his two hands and wanted to shift back a bit, but Caesar suddenly stretched out his hand, softly patted Lin Yuan’s quite pronounced backside, and warned in a low voice: “Don’t squirm."
“…”
Lin Yuan, who was spanked, was startled to the point of being stupified, the light “pa” sound made Lin Yuan’s ears ring!
Caesar actually didn’t put much force behind it and it didn’t hurt at all. This way of spanking was contrarily more like a kind playfulness.
He didn't expect that the skin on Lin Yuan 's backside would be so sensitive. With just one pat, faint fingerprints were left behind on his fair skin. Caesar looked at the marks left by his fingers as if he had discovered a whole new world.
Lin Yuan angrily glared at Caesar and Caesar immediately rubbed his behind that had been struck red to curry favor, asking with a soft voice: “It doesn't hurt, right?”
It undoubtedly held no force, he was just spanking to warn him. Lin Yuan didn’t understand the appropriate course of conduct while sitting on his body and still squirmed about. Caesar was almost out of patience, but he didn’t want to go straight in and hurt him either, holding himself back is very exhausting.
The flesh of Lin Yuan’s hips are full, his skin is smooth, and it naturally feels amazing. Caesar put his hands there and lightly massaged it. After some time massaging, Lin Yuan ultimately blushed with his breaths coming out in harsh gasps as he said: “Enough, enough… Don’t… Don’t mess around! “
Caesar smiled and lifted his fingers off of his rear, but slid them down the middle to reach his rear entrance.
It was already wet at that place, the self-lubrication during estrus made his backside become very soft, and after the patient foreplay from a moment ago, he was already able to take in the next four fingers.
Caesar stretched his fingers inside and patiently stretched it out, he pulled his fingers out and held Lin Yuan’s waist with both hands, making the part of him that was painfully hard aligned with the slightly contracting entrance, whispering: ” Xiao Yuan, relax, I'll be going in.”
Lin Yuan: “………”
He didn’t say it would be alright, as soon as he spoke like that, Lin Yuan instead nervously stretched his body taut.
Worried that he would hurt him during his first time, Caesar tentatively pushed his waist slowly forward, thus Lin Yuan could distinctly feel the soft inner walls of his back entrance being slowly stretched open by that hard and scorching hot length.
Caesar only entered halfway before Lin Yuan stopped him with his brow beaded heavily with sweat: “No, no way… Caesar…!”
Even though the rear entrance had become soft during estrus, he, after all, had never been touched in that place before. Coupled with Lin Yuan’s nervous tightening of his body, Caesar got stuck in a very uncomfortable manner, and as he was worried Lin Yuan would be hurt, he didn't dare rashly press in any further.
It was both of their first times and they had little to no experience. They made it to the half-way point while at the same time, stiffly coming to a halt.
Lin Yuan opened his mouth and harshly panted, his fingers tightly gripping the bedsheets, nearly lifting the bedsheets completely up and gathered into a lump.
Caesar resisted the urge to ruthlessly enter him, and his breathing immediately grew heavy too. The scent of the two pheromones in the air blend with each other, and their bodies are growing hotter and hotter, especially where they are joined, it was almost hot enough to melt.
This method was not the way to go. Lin Yuan tensed that place in discomfort, and Caesar, who had entered halfway in, was also terribly uncomfortable. Caesar took in a deep breath, tightly grabbed Lin Yuan’s waist, and said in a low voice: “Xiao Yuan… Deep breaths, relax… “
Lin Yuan took in a deep breath according to Caesar’s instructions, trying to relax as much as possible, and right at this moment, Caesar’s waist suddenly rolled up—
“Ahhhh…”
The scalding hot and hard length had unexpectedly entered all the way to the base. In this way, the soft inner walls were suddenly stretched to the extreme and he even had the thought that his body was being torn into two halves!
Lin Yuan put his hand on Caesar’s chest, panting heavily, however, Caesar didn’t give him a chance to escape, he held his waist down and began to rapidly thrust.
“Ah… Cae-Caesar …slow … slow down… ah…”
Moan after moan was forced out of Lin Yuan
Caesar’s movements grew faster and faster. Lin Yuan’s body is very flexible, not to mention how exciting it is to hold his slender waist in his arms. It's also warm and in his body, being tightly wrapped around by his inner walls, Caesar felt like he was practically in heaven.
His erection was buried in his body, he had no desire to ever pull out. Every time he pushes in, he reaches the deepest depths, just as a fierce and domineering beast establishing a new territory, in no way giving the other side any leeway to shrink back.
“…Mnn …too, too deep… Cae-Caesar … quick, pull out… ah…”
Lin Yuan was nearly being thrust into the point of collapse!
Every time Caesar went in, he was especially forceful. On top of that, in this kind of position, he can't escape at all. Because of his body's center of gravity, he had no choice but to go down, but the action of sitting down makes it easier for Caesar to invade even deeper.
He wasn't sure which place was touched, a violent pleasure suddenly shot straight from his tailbone to his mind, Lin Yuan’s body suddenly shook, and his knees suddenly went soft, almost kneeling directly on the bed.
Fortunately, Caesar had quick reflexes and immediately supported his lower back, seeing Lin Yuan's moist eyes, his body continuing to lightly tremble, Caesar could not help but ask in a low voice: “Here…… does it feel good?”
Just as he spoke, he deliberately aimed a thrust at that place ruthlessly.
Lin Yuan: “………”
Caesar found the G-spot in Lin Yuan’s body, he then repeatedly brushed over where the prostate was located.
“Ah… ah…”
Lin Yuan soon couldn’t even string together a sentence, he could only open his mouth and take large gasps of air.
A series of tremors wrack his body and made his toes curl in excitement, being drowned in this both strange and intense pleasure, Lin Yuan never thought that someone entering his body could bring so much frightful pleasure!
—Does his body really like this?
—Is an Omega's estrus really more than suffering, but is also so intensely pleasurable that it nearly burns a person's reason to ash?
Lin Yuan’s eyes widened in disbelief but he was rammed into repeatedly moaning by Caesar's attack, a hint of moisture quickly rose in his eyes.
“Oh… mnn… Caesar… oh…”
Lin Yuan, who had gone red all over his body looked particularly captivating. His dark and clear eyes had long lost their focus, and Caesar just felt his heart was beating as a drum would. Looking at Lin Yuan sitting on his body, being rammed into by himself until his sight blurred, the strong bodily pleasure mixing together with the strong satisfaction of his mind suddenly filled his heart to the brim.
“Xiao Yuan, I love you…”
Accompanied by this sentence was a bout of mad thrusts so fierce that Lin Yuan was almost broken into pieces.
Lin Yuan's eyes shot wide open, he was already unable to maintain his breaths. He only felt that the lethal weapon in his body was vicious enough to stir up his insides. The pleasure from that sensitive place being brushed over, again and again, made the part of his that stood tall unable to help but release once more.
In the wake of Lin Yuan’s orgasm, his rear entrance suddenly began to contract, and Caesar also finally pushed all the way in and shot a load of essence into Lin Yuan’s body.
Lin Yuan’s knees completely lost their strength and his body fell down, lying directly face-down on Caesar’s body, dazedly burying his face in Caesar’s chest, taking in large mouthfuls of air.
Caesar gently captured Lin Yuan’s hand with his left hand, making an intimate movement by interlocking their fingers together, while the other hand slowly stroked along his smooth back, just as if petting a kitty lying on him.
The two took a breather for a good while and finally settled aftershocks of their climaxes.
Lin Yuan then came back to his senses and sat himself up with his fingers braced on the bedsheets. He realized that Caesar’s length was still buried in his body much to his surprise. Lin Yuan blushed red and moved his waist a bit in discomfort. “It's over, take it out now…”
With this movement, the length inside slowly swelled up again.
Lin Yuan was suddenly struck dumb and looked at Caesar in disbelief.
Caesar sat up with a smile, wrapping his arms around Lin Yuan’s waist, and said mercilessly up against Lin Yuan’s ear: “It’s not over yet, this is only the beginning.”
Lin Yuan: “………”
***
The consequence of the night’s disorder is that Lin Yuan was confused later on and did not know how he had fallen asleep.
When he opened his eyes again, he was lying on a clean bed covered with a quilt while Caesar was preparing food inside.
His body seemed to have been given a simple cleaning, the back being very relaxed. Lin Yuan walked to the bathroom to make himself presentable a bit. When he returned, Caesar had already prepared milk for him, as well as his favorite strawberry cake and some fresh five-star fruit.
Lin Yuan had exercised all night long and was really hungry, so he devoured all of the tables worth of delicious food.
Looking at the time, it was already nine o’clock the next morning, the spacecraft should reach Lyra soon.
Just then, a sudden knock sounded outside the door, and Caesar looked up and asked: “Who is it?”
A cold and faint voice echoed in his ear, “It's Snow. Is Lin Yuan up?”
Hearing Snow’s voice, Lin Yuan immediately stood up intending to walk up to the door. He hadn't foreseen that just as he took a step, his knees lost their strength and he nearly fell to the ground. Fortunately, Caesar had been keeping an eye on his movements, and immediately reached out to support him.
Caesar said towards the door: “Lin Yuan hasn’t woken up yet. He has a bit of a low fever. He just took some medicine and fell asleep.”
Snow asked with concern: “He has a fever? Is it serious?”
Lin Yuan hurriedly looked at Caesar, saying reproachfully: “Caesar, what are you lying for, Snow might need me for something…”
Caesar turned to look back at Lin Yuan, rubbing his hair helplessly, “Did you forget? You're still in estrus, do you really want to let Snow see yourself right now?”
Not to mention the hickeys covering his whole body, his mouth is also a bit swollen, it clearly looks like he had just been embraced by someone. By the off chance Snow catches sight of it, Caesar can't say for sure whether Snow would just directly take a blade and cut his corpse into pieces…
Lin Yuan froze, and said with some confusion: “Estrus? It didn't already pass last night?”
Last night he had seated himself on Caesar 's body, they had gone at it twice and Lin Yuan himself had also released twice. He fell asleep in bed with his whole body weak and aching. When he woke up this morning, he just felt well-stretched from head to toe and nowhere on his body felt off. Lin Yuan thought that his estrus had already passed, and he couldn’t help feeling relieved.
Caesar mercilessly shattered Lin Yuan 's beautiful fantasy, "Estrus lasts for at least three days, and last night was just the first round, that's all."
Lin Yuan: "………………"
This lousy estrus period actually has first and second rounds? This is too annoying!
Thinking of the scene of being repeatedly invaded by Caesar last night, Lin Yuan felt a numbness in his spine and his face involuntarily became red.
Lin Yuan was unwilling to accept this and asked: “It’s not over yet? But my body doesn’t feel weird now…”
Like his body was purposefully slapping him in the face, as soon as he finished speaking this sentence, a strange feeling of numbness slowly crawled up his spine to the top of the head, the familiar heat began to flow once more within his body and his legs were so limp and painful that he could barely stand.
Lin Yuan looked at Caesar with an unsightly complexion.
Caesar lightly stroked his hair in consolation and said to the door: “Snow, Xiao Yuan is sick. He just fell asleep after taking his medicine. When he wakes up, I will have him come to find you. Rest assured, I will take care of him.”
Even if Snow was a little unconvinced, Caesar didn’t want to open the door and he couldn’t just break through the door either, he could only nod and say: "All right then.”
After cheating Snow into walking away, Caesar looked at the trace of desire floating onto the blushing little monster, Lin Yuan, he moved in closer to his ear, saying in a soft voice: “It seems we are going to continue on… what position do you want to try this time?”
The clenched fist of the little monster was immediately hurled at Caesar's face.
NSFW
Chapter 094. Spacecraft
Snow had gone looking for Lin Yuan early in the morning and came out wanting to find Lin Yuan to have a chat. There was an additional ulterior motive and that was to avoid Brian. After all, being alone in a sealed-off cabin with Brian was making him a bit uneasy.
Yet, past all expectations, walking up to the cabin door where Lin Yuan was situated and knocked, he was served with a refusal of entry at the door.
Caesar said that Lin Yuan had a fever. Lin Yuan was usually in good health. It must be a common cold then?
Snow initially wanted to go in and take a look but found that the door of the cabin was actually locked from the inside. Since Caesar said that Lin Yuan was asleep, it wouldn't be good to disturb him, so he was forced to turn tail and return to his own cabin.
Brian had just eaten breakfast and was in the middle of looking at the design plans in his hand, he was looking quite serious. Seeing Snow come in, Brian hurriedly set aside the design plans in his hands and smiled, saying: “Snow, I was too hard-pressed on time when I made the mech for you back then and a lot of the particulars weren't properly grasped. There is just enough time in this vacation for me to remodel Night Snow after you arrive at your home.”
Snow said: “No need, Night Snow is fine as is.”
Brian took the design plans and handed them over to Snow, “This is a modification suggestion proposed by my Dad after reading it over. There shouldn't be a problem according to this reasoning. Night Snow, come out and let me take a look.”
The space button on Snow's necklace did not respond for a long time until Snow quietly said: “Night Snow, come out.”
Only then did Night Snow come out of the space button and say faintly: “Master, what’s the matter?”
Snow said: “Let Brian take a look, he said he can give you an upgrade.”
Night Snow said insipidly: “Understood, Master.”
Brian didn't know whether to laugh or cry- the mech made by his own two hands had utterly disregarded his existence and only listened to Snow. Sure enough, it really followed the mech standard of “loyalty to thy master”.
Brian began to carefully examine the components of Night Snow’s body against the design plans in his e-book.
A moment later, Brian suddenly asked: “Oh, that's right, what did you step out to do just now?”
Snow said: “I went to look for Xiao Yuan, Caesar said he was sick and had just finished taking his medicine and went to sleep.”
Brian oh'd and didn't say much more after that.
Based on his understanding of Caesar, Caesar is most definitely lying— that little monster is exuberantly strong and his energy levels even more so. Not to mention how healthy he is with how he bounces around, how could he just casually fall ill, take medicine, and fall asleep?
Is something “unspeakable” happening next door?
Brian was a little puzzled. However, since Caesar refused to open the door, he couldn't be bothered to care about those two big
light bulbs
. He rarely ever had the time to interact with Snow on his own. Brian naturally had to seize each second every chance he got.
(
TN
: third-wheel or unwanted third party spoiling a couple’s date.)
Right at this moment, the virtual screen inside the cabin was suddenly switched on. A tall woman said to everyone wearing a smile on her face: “Good morning, all passengers, I am the captain of this spaceship, Lilian. The time is now Cosmic Calendar Year 799, June 11, at 9:30 in the morning. Our spacecraft is just about to reach Lyra Galaxy…”
Brian immediately turned around, walked up to the safety chair, and sat down with proper posture, had Night Snow return to the space button, and said to Snow: “Quickly sit down on the safety chair, the spacecraft is gonna land soon.”
Snow hummed in agreement, turned around, sat down on the safety chair fixed up like a sofa, and fastened his seat belt.
***
In the cabin next door, after inquiring what position to use this time had been welcomed with Lin Yuan's fist, Caesar then decided to take the reins.
Lin Yuan seemed to be quite fond of being on top. They did the cowgirl position two times last night. Lin Yuan appeared pretty satisfied. Caesar satisfies this interest of his and proceeds with letting him be on top this time.
However, this time Caesar sat on the bedside, held his backside up with both hands and embraced Lin Yuan as he straddled him face to face.
After finishing last night, Caesar had only wrapped Lin Yuan with a large bath towel and let him fall asleep. At this moment, when the bath towel was pulled open, Lin Yuan was wearing nothing underneath, his fair skin and the mottled hickeys on his body were immediately exposed. In front of him, the captivatingly colored part in between his legs had been slightly raised from the arrival of the second round of estrus. That kind of young and inexperienced erotic appeal made Caesar’s throat go dry.
For Lin Yuan, this time was not as embarrassing and rigid as last night. After all, they've done it once before. His body has already taken in and familiarized itself with Caesar. Their pheromones blended with each other as if they were born to be together. Not only did he not move to reject Caesar, on the contrary, he really liked Caesar’s closeness and touch.
Lin Yuan parted his legs and sat on Caesar’s body fully naked. His back entrance that was stretched open all night long was very loose. Caesar wrapped his arms around Lin Yuan’s waist and aligned himself to the entryway and forcefully pushed in. His entrance accepted Caesar quite easily.
“Mnn…”
Lin Yuan hurriedly breathed in pants, the feeling of his body being filled made his toes curl in satisfaction.
Compared with the severe pain he went through for the first time last night, the pain this time was clearly reduced, while the pleasure is doubled. The throbbing sensation of that body part in the place he was being invaded could be clearly felt. Like the inside of his body was on fire, his whole body was burning hot, and an even deeper red of a blush spread on his face.
Caesar stayed still inside, Lin Yuan was truly extremely uncomfortable, so he had to grab his shoulders with his two hands and attempted to move himself.
“Oh… mmn… mnn…”
The faint pleasure of his backside being softly rubbed against, just like scratching an itch from the outside of a boot, makes his body unable to attain any satisfaction.
Caesar still stayed motionlessly in place and Lin Yuan was finally at the end of his patience. He swung at Caesar’s chest with a punch and brokenly panted out, “Do you still want to… do it?”
Caesar held his clenched fist and kissed him on his mouth. With a smile, he said: “I like the way you look when you take the initiative.”
Xiao Yuan’s growing passion was indeed very exciting.
Caesar rarely saw him take the initiative and he naturally did not want to miss this chance to make Lin Yuan take the initiative.
Lin Yuan did indeed also wish to take back the initiative, so there would be a feeling that “it’s him who is in possession of Caesar”.
However, an Omega’s physical strength drops particularly terribly during the estrus period. Just now by him taking the initiative to help Caesar move a few times, his waist has already become limp and powerless.
For an Omega's physical capabilities, Lin Yuan is already considered to be an extraordinarily powerful monster-level Omega. He did it all night long last night and can still be this energetic today. However, under the special case of estrus, while he really wanted to take the initiative in his heart, his strength wasn't enough.
He tried to raise his rear, but his waist was so limp and painful that he couldn’t put any force behind it at all.
Lin Yuan was forced to stop his movements and said in pants: “…come on.” Caesar then held Lin Yuan’s waist tightly pushed up to the hilt—
“Ahh…”
He unexpectedly intruded directly to that sensitive place in the depths of his body and the intense pleasure spread up from his tailbone, allowing his body that had been uncomfortable for the longest time to finally be satisfied. Lin Yuan harshly panted and stretched out his hands, tightly winding around Caesar’s neck, he reproached in a low voice: “A bit slower…”
Caesar smiled and said: “Don’t you like it?”
Just as he spoke he put even more effort into speeding up.
“Ah… ahaa…”
Lin Yuan's breath very soon grew hurried and fell to moans.
The position of straddling Caesar's body face to face with his legs parted made Lin Yuan feel very embarrassed and he dared not to meet Caesar's deep eyes head-on. He had no other choice but to turn his head over to stare out the porthole to view the cosmic scenery outside the window.
Caesar spoke with a bit of discontent: “What’s there to see…”
Then he reached out and pinched Lin Yuan’s chin, turned his face back, and moved in to kiss him gently.
This kind of face-to-face posture is particularly convenient for kissing.
Caesar’s kisses were always very warm. Lin Yuan was kissed very comfortably. He couldn’t help but reach out and hold Caesar’s neck in his arms. His fingers lightly caressed and stroked Caesar’s hair— this sort of encouraging touch made Caesar throw himself even deeper into the task at hand, the kiss also became more and more passionate and frantic.
“Mnn… mmm…”
The fragmented moans overflowing from his lips, the "papa" sound of his rear being slapped by his round sacks, and the ambiguous wet sound of that part entering and exiting his back entrance mixed together. The colors of spring inside of the entire cabin were boundless.
“Oh…”
Caesar possesses Lin Yuan with a force while fondling his body with his hands. Slender fingers slid along his smooth back to reach behind his body, he took advantage to feel-up his thigh, then again to stroke the front, holding Lin Yuan's semi-hard inexperienced desire.
Lin Yuan’s immediately let out a comfortable moan from behind his closed lips.
The two held each other and were unwilling to break off the connection of the kiss for a short while…
Just at this time, the virtual screen in the cabin suddenly lit up, and the clear and sonorous voice of a woman simultaneously entered their ears—
“Good morning, all passengers, I am the captain of this spaceship, Lilian. The time is now Cosmic Calendar Year 799, June 11, at 9:30 in the morning. Our spacecraft is just about to reach Lyra Galaxy, all passengers please situate yourself on a safety chair as soon as possible.”
“During the process of the spacecraft's descent, there will be an occurrence of a comparatively wide margin of vibrations due to the effect of turbulence. This is a normal phenomenon, please don’t worry everyone. If you feel unwell, the mask above the safety chair provides high-purity oxygen, you can wear the oxygen mask during descent…”
“This time, the spacecraft will stopover at the Glanvill Space Station in Lyra for approximately one hour and will take off at 10:30 as scheduled. All passengers are asked to abide by the order of the space station, do not disembark the spacecraft at will…”
As the female captain finished announcing this, Lin Yuan suddenly paused for a moment, he spoke with an embarrassed look: “Caesar, go to the safety chair…”
Although spacecrafts rarely ever have accidents, passengers must sit on the safety chairs during landing. Safety chairs are intelligent sensors. Should they not be seated, after it is found by the spacecraft intelligent control system, it will send a flight attendant to check-in…
Caesar is well acquainted with this rule. He immediately took Lin Yuan up into his arms and turned around to walk over to the safety chair.
Lin Yuan suddenly widened his eyes in shock, “Caesar… You, you stop it…”
Caesar’s hardness that is buried in Lin Yuan’s body has yet to be pulled out. As he got up and walked around, the scalding hot erection was violently stirred in Lin Yuan’s body. Lin Yuan immediately grasped Caesar’s shoulder firmly and screamed—
“Ahhh…"
Caesar bluntly sealed his lips in a kiss, took a seat on a safety chair, and using a seat belt, tightly strapped the two of them in together.
—It is just like the two were closely bound to a chair by a seat belt.
Lin Yuan wanted to break away in discomfort, but Caesar whispered in his ear: “Don’t squirm around, bear with me… the spaceship is about to land…”
As soon as Caesar’s voice fell, the spacecraft, sure enough, entered the Lyra Galaxy and began its descent towards Glanvill Space Station on the target planet.
During the landing of the spacecraft, it is necessary to break through layer upon layer of cosmic turbulence, and the spaceship’s hull would have violent tremors occur.
Caesar and Lin Yuan were still connected in that place. In wake of the severe vibrations of the cabin when landing, that hard object buried inside his body was thrust into unfathomable depths—
“Ah—”
Lin Yuan tightly clutched Caesar’s shoulder and began to struggle frantically.
However, the safety belt turned into a chain that bound the two of them, and Lin Yuan was unable to break out of it.
The cabin shook even more violently, and the object in his body had clearly swollen up a size from the strong stimulation, and even madly pressed into his body like a fierce beast.
Lin Yuan widened his eyes in horror and used both hands to forcefully push Caesar away, speaking in between broken pants: “Caesar… Quickly pull out… you ca-can’t do this… ahhhh…”
Lin Yuan’s throat was sore from calling out, there was even a trace of roughness in his voice.
The fierce vibration of the spacecraft is like an artificial boost, causing Lin Yuan’s body unceasingly sink down, but the part of Caesar’s body that was buried in his body rams into his sensitive inner-walls frantically in the wake of this vibration, like a wild animal that has gone insane and lost all reason.
“Ah… ahh… st-stop…”
Lin Yuan was being bottomed out to the point of collapse, and such fierce spacecraft vibrations made it almost impossible for the two to breathe. Their connected bodies took advantage of this vibrational force, as if to thoroughly shatter the other party, and then completely fuse into one.
After another violent vertical shock, Lin Yuan was shaken into seeing stars…
Suddenly, with a pop, Lin Yuan felt that some hidden part in the depths of his body seemed to be forcibly torn apart. After a faint pain, that hidden place being touched was strong enough to nearly make him lose all rational to the extreme pleasure.
There was already a hint of moisture floating in Lin Yuan's eyes. The strange feeling of being opened deep in his body made him feel terrified, he couldn’t help firmly grasping onto Caesar’s shoulder, and said uneasily: “Too deep, Caesar, pull out quickly…”
He moved to lift up his waist as he spoke, however, as if the spacecraft was especially out to get them, after less than three seconds of calm, it violently vibrates once more.
“Oh…”
Lin Yuan couldn’t escape, instead, he sat down heavily.
The hidden passageway deep in his body was broken into again by Caesar, and that feeling made his blood run cold!
Lin Yuan started frantically struggling. Unexpectedly, Caesar took a deep breath and forced himself to the very back of the passageway with the help of the vibration in the cabin. His originally extremely thick and hard part was swelling up at an inconceivable speed.
Lin Yuan: “………”
This strange experience made Lin Yuan very disturbed and he felt a bit uncomfortable and tried to escape, but Caesar held his waist down right then, and said in a low voice: “Xiao Yuan, your body is already open… don’t be afraid, accept me completely…”
Following Caesar’s words, the front part of the object that ran deep into his body grows bigger and bigger, and finally, a knot is formed, completely blocking his entrance.
Lin Yuan: “………”
Until now, Lin Yuan did not understand what it was.
Caesar formed a complete knot in his body, which meant that he had been completely marked. Only during estrus in the deepest part of his body would there be a chance to open that passageway. Because of the violent vibration this time when the spacecraft landed, Caesar accidentally entered it.
Lin Yuan leaned over and ruthlessly took a bite on Caesar’s shoulder.
Asshole…
Is there such a person like him? The spacecraft was about to land and he surprisingly didn't pull out. The two were still joined together there, he even went as far as to fasten the seat belt, so that the seat belt would instead be turned into a chain that bound them… This asshole was definitely doing it on purpose!
Lin Yuan thought of this and bit down even harder.
The reason why Lin Yuan is called a little monster is that his large strength is also one of his strong points. Although his physical strength was severely reduced during estrus, Caesar still pursed his eyebrows in pain that was caused by this hard bite.
However, compared to the great happiness of having a complete knot formed in Lin Yuan’s body, what does this bit of pain register as?
Nothing!
Even if Lin Yuan bit his whole body in anger, Caesar would feel ecstatic!
At this moment, the scenery outside the porthole suddenly began to fluctuate, from the vast landscape of the universe gradually turned into the blue sky and white clouds. Obviously, the spacecraft had reached Planet Glanvill.
Along with a piercing noise, the spacecraft finally landed safely at the space station.
However, the sudden violent shaking of reaching the ground made Caesar and Lin Yuan break into moans at the same time.
The knot buried in his body in the wake of the violent vibrations from being set to the ground this time took the opportunity to release its essence inside.
“Ahhh—”
The scalding hot liquid was all poured into the body and Lin Yuan called out from the heat.
The entrance of a large amount of fluid quickly caused his abdomen to swell up. The sensitive place under such heated stimulation unexpectedly produced a strange pleasure. Lin Yuan’s whole body trembled violently as if every pore all opened up in comfort.
Caesar also fiercely gasped for breath, forming a complete knotted ejaculation is the most pleasurable experience for an Alpha. The second when he released deep within his Omega's body, Caesar had even thought he'd died.
The pleasure was so intense that both of their minds went blank, they could only embrace each other and open their mouths wide to take in the fresh air with all their might.
The process of ejaculation was very long. Lin Yuan was stuck on his knot and couldn’t move at all, let alone that Caesar was still holding his waist with an iron grip. He could only feel the scalding hot liquid pouring into his body with unease.
The spacecraft stopped over at the space station for an hour.
Snow was worried about Xiao Yuan’s situation and took this time to walk to the cabin door again, softly rapped on the door, and asked in a low voice: “Caesar, Xiao Yuan, did he wake up?”
Lin Yuan: “…”
Lin Yuan was parting his legs at this time, sitting fully naked on Caesar, if Snow found this… Where would his face go?
The intense feeling of shame from hearing Snow's voice made him unable to help but tense up and involuntarily clamped down his two legs. Caesar was pressed in from either side and took a breath of cool air. He hurriedly placated him, wrapping his arms around his lower back, and said softly: “Do-don't squirm around… Xiao Yuan, the mark is not finished yet…”
Lin Yuan glanced at him in embarrassment, “Can’t you hurry up?”
Caesar: “…”
He also wanted to hurry up, ah, but of course the ejaculation process after forming a complete knot is very long, and it is not something he can just end as he pleases.
Snow knocked again, “Caesar?”
Caesar pretended to say calmly: “Xiao Yuan is feeling a bit sick, he may have caught a cold.” He then glanced at Lin Yuan and motioned to Lin Yuan to say a few words, otherwise, with Snow’s cautiousness, Lin Yuan not showing up for three days will certainly make him skeptical.
Lin Yuan took a deep breath and said hoarsely: “Snow, I… I have a cold, and my body is a bit unwell. I can take some medicine and rest. Just don’t come in, it could be transmitted to you…”
Snow said: “Having a fever isn't necessarily a cold, it may be another illness too. I had better come in and examine you.”
Lin Yuan's whole body suddenly went stiff, the fine hairs on his back stood on end, and the intense feeling of shame of his brother being just outside immediately made his face go a deep red. He indignantly gave Caesar a glare.
This look nevertheless seemed to matchlessly make Caesar's heart beat. His heart throbbed and the object buried in his body also pulsated right after, a scalding hot liquid was released once again.
Lin Yuan: “………”
Caesar panted lightly, then said calmly: “Snow, you don’t have to worry, I already asked White Feather to check him over carefully.”
The gatekeeper mech, White Feather, being called out by name immediately starting talking: “Yes, that is correct! Lin Yuan just has a common cold. He has been taking medicine. He'll be better with two days of rest. Don’t you worry about it, Snow!"
Snow was silent for a moment and then said: ” Well then, Xiao Yuan, if you feel ill, call me over again. “
Lin Yuan rushed to say: “I got it.”
Snow finally left, Lin Yuan and Caesar simultaneously looked at each other with relief.
Lin Yuan unresignatedly took another hard bite on Caesar’s shoulder, and scolded in a low voice: “Asshole…”
Caesar hugged him close with a smile.
He really is an asshole. He wanted to try the ship vibrations a bit, so he took the opportunity to pick up Xiao Yuan in his arms and walk up to the safety chair. He did not expect that this experience would be so memorable. His whole body went limp and numb from the pleasure, with just a taste it opened the doors of addiction.
It was unknown how long had passed before Caesar’s knot gradually deflated and the process of the complete mark was finally over. Only then did Caesar unfasten the seat belt and pulled out from Lin Yuan’s body. As he withdrew, a white liquid flowed out from behind him, dripped down onto Caesar’s thigh, and some even splattered on the safety chair…
Lin Yuan looked up at Caesar, and Caesar had also moved to look at him. Their two gazes were opposite to each other, and an awkwardness arose.
They had unexpectedly accomplished a complete mark in the cabin of the spacecraft. They were truly too brazen and excited. If by any chance the Omega pheromones leaked out, or the scene of the two of them making love was seen, the consequences would be unimaginable.
However, the situation is urgent and they could only play with the hand of cards they were dealt with.
In Caesar's original fantasy, his first time with Xiao Yuan should have been carried out on the soft king-size bed in the royal chamber of the Empire's Imperial Palace. At that time, Xiao Yuan should already be his prince consort and they would go through with the complete mark on their wedding night. Joining hands until they grew old and grey from then on.
However, he did not expect that Lin Yuan would unexpectedly enter estrus on the spacecraft, and he would actually thoroughly possess him in such a place.
……it is truly wronging my Xiao Yuan.
Caesar looked at the redness spreading over Lin Yuan’s face and couldn’t help but close in on him, kissing him gently.
The kiss was as gentle as gentle could be, he first lightly wetted his lips with a lick and then kissed his lips until they were completely moist. Only then did he probe into his mouth from in between the seam of his lips, swept across his neatly aligned teeth, and slid across the sensitive walls of his mouth. After leaving behind his own mark in his mouth, he then lightly wrapped around his tongue and aimlessly sucked.
“Mmm… mmph…”
Lin Yuan’s mouth was firmly sealed, and he could only make vague moans from his throat.Being kissed felt very nice, Lin Yuan thought somewhat intoxicated, he seemed to like Caesar’s kiss more and more.
He didn't know how long had passed before he felt that his mouth had nearly gone numb to the point where he lost his awareness. Lin Yuan beat Caesar’s shoulder with his fist as a signal for him to release him, Caesar then reluctantly pulled back from Lin Yuan’s mouth.
Their lips and teeth had been intertwined for a long time, a strand of a silver thread was stretched out following Caesar’s withdrawal, becoming an ambiguous silver string between their lips. Caesar stuck out his tongue and licked Lin Yuan’s lips gently, lapping up the liquid remaining at the corners of his lips, and then looked down at Lin Yuan.
Their gazes crossed, there seems to be an ambiguous sentiment gradually infiltrating the air, the smell of pheromones blend with each other, the suggestive portrait of their bodies fit snugly against each other and not knowing whether the intense thumping beats of a heart belonged to their own or the other party……
Everything at this moment as they look face to face, seems to come to a sudden pause.
One second was drawn out into a lengthy century. The two hugged each other, their limbs were tangled with one another, and they looked at each other’s own reflections in their eyes as if their hearts were closely stuck together.
This direct gaze persisted for a good while. When Lin Yuan finally looked away from embarrassment, Caesar reached out and touched Lin Yuan’s sweat-soaked hair, saying with a smile, “Xiao Yuan, from now on, I am yours.”
Lin Yuan: “…”
That’s right, Caesar is his. Caesar had formed a complete knot in his body, and they had completely marked each other. Starting right at this very moment, Caesar really did belong entirely to him from now on.
Then does he… belong entirely to Caesar too?
Lin Yuan turned his head back, directly facing Caesar’s eyes.
There seemed to be a power that drew people into falling from grace in those dark brown eyes. Lin Yuan’s heart trembled suddenly when he was met face-to-face with his smile.
This kind of feeling made Lin Yuan feel strange yet also happy.
There seems to be a person who slowly walked into his heart right at that time, breaking through all of his defenses, and occupied an important position in the bottom of his heart, smoothly and securely establishing his roots.
That person, who was right in front of him, had always been treated by Lin Yuan as a good friend—
Little Prince Caesar.
Slight NSFW, Plan B Pill
Chapter 095: Choosing
After Snow returned to the cabin, he unexpectedly received a communication request from his dad, Ling Feng. Ling Feng on the projection screen wore a mask he used while pretending to be Dr. Charley, and anxiously asked: “Snow, how is Xiao Yuan doing right now?”
Snow froze, and said with a bit of surprise: “Dad, you also know that Lin Yuan caught a cold?"
Ling Feng frowned: “He said he caught a cold?”
Snow nodded, “That's right, I just went to see him, he had just taken some medicine and was about to rest.”
Ling Feng went silent for a moment, then saying: “Has the spacecraft already landed? Can you come out for a bit right now? I’ll wait for you in VIP Lounge #8 at the Glanvill Space Station.”
Although Snow was puzzled in his mind, he didn’t ask anymore, seeing his dad’s tone was serious, he turned around and left.
Brian just happened to come out of the bathroom and saw Snow holding a ship ticket in preparation to go out. He rushed over to catch him at his heels and said: “Snow, you're going out?”
Snow nodded: “En, Dad called for me to meet up with him at the space station.”
Brian said in astonishment: “Your dad? Why did he suddenly arrive in Lyra?”
Snow frowned, “I'm not exactly sure either.”
Brian made haste to get his own ship ticket and said: “I’ll go with you.”
The two of them went together to the VIP Lounge #8 of the space station and caught sight of a man in casual white dress wear sitting there in wait of someone.
In the VIP hall, all passengers who have purchased VIP tickets are welcome. Unlike the other noisy and crowded lounges, the surroundings here are very quiet and cozy. Ling Feng was sitting on the sofa drinking water, his expression looking very anxious.
Snow stepped in front of him and said: “Dad? What’s wrong?”
Before they set off yesterday, Ling Feng had even prepared a rich table of food for Snow and Lin Yuan to put into practice. Unexpectedly, in the blink of an eye, he rushed over to Lyra through the night to Glanvill Space Station.
Snow sat beside him on the sofa and turned to look at him: “What happened after all? Why did you suddenly rush to Glanvill’s space station?”
Ling Feng looked at Snow and asked: “Are you sure Xiao Yuan’s situation isn’t serious?”
Snow thought for a while and said: “Hearing him speak, his voice sounded a bit hoarse, probably a cold. When I went to find him, the door was locked. Caesar said that White Feather had already carefully examined Xiao Yuan and confirmed that it was a common cold. “
Ling Feng: “…….. “
Caesar used Lin Yuan falling ill as an excuse. It was apparent that the two of them didn’t want to let Snow and Brian find out about it. Probably because the two of them are both young adults at a sensitive age, they found encountering estrus for the first time embarrassing to say out loud?
Ling Feng was silent for a while and took out a small medicine box from his bag and handed it over to Snow, “Xiao Yuan’s situation is a little unusual this time. You should pay lots and lots of attention to it on the spacecraft. Don't go to him for two days. If he still has a high fever after reaching Planet Oman, you need to give him these medicines and I will clearly detail the application and dosage of each medicine in writing.”
Snow looked at the small medicine box he was handed, there were three boxes of medicine in it. A box of antipyretics, a box of antibiotics, and a small box packaged in red that Snow had never seen before.
Such a move of delivering medicine from over thousands of miles actually frightened Snow, it was seeming rather like Lin Yuan’s condition was very serious.
Snow hurriedly covered the box and seriously asked: “Dad, what really happened to Xiao Yuan… is it not a cold?”
Brian also looked at Ling Feng with confusion, “Uncle, don’t worry too much. I feel that Lin Yuan's health is usually very good, and Caesar would naturally have him take some medicine and sleep. There mustn't be a serious illness. If it was serious, Caesar would have already called for a doctor.”
Ling Feng awkwardly touched his nose.
Of course, it 's not a cold, it 's Xiao Yuan 's first estrus…
Since Xiao Yuan doesn't want Snow to know, Ling Feng thought it wouldn't be good to openly tell Snow, he could only vaguely say: "Xiao Yuan has been continuously injecting inhibitors for all these years, his health is not very stable. I’m afraid he started a fever after getting an infection… If he still has a fever two days later, remember to give him the medicine.”
Snow said quickly: “I got it, Dad. “
Ling Feng stood up and said: “Okay, you guys go back, I also have to get going and get back to eta Ursae Majoris Starfield as soon as possible.”
Snow worriedly said: “Can you go by yourself?”
Ling Feng gave a small smile, patted his son’s shoulder, and said softly: “There's no need to worry, your father had Silver Snow take me over here. The navigation routes are all set up properly and with direct space jumps, I can arrive within a few hours.”
Brian rushed to say: “Uncle, have a safe journey.”
Ling Feng nodded at him and turned around to depart the space station in quick steps.
Brian looked at the retreating view of Ling Feng’s back and was somewhat amazed that Silver Snow actually came in physical form— of all the S-Class mechs, Silver Snow is the most mysterious one. It is the exclusive S-Class mech of the leading head of the Rose Legion, General Udir. Udir treasured it as if it was his baby. He didn't expect that Udir would actually let Silver Snow personally escort Ling Feng, clearly, the importance of Ling Feng in his heart goes without saying.
Udir 's mech is called Silver Snow and Snow had named his mech Night Snow. Both the father and the son 's mechs had snow in it, this evidently had something to do with the short-lived period of time that this family of three had lived on that snowing planet.
—Just what kind of planet is it after all?
—After three days pass, he will be able to go to Snow 's hometown. He'll go see the place where Snow grew up and then spend a few nights at his childhood home. Conveniently along the way chatting about his childhood years. This is obviously a great chance to further their relationship!
Snow saw that Brian was beaming all smiles as if he was cooking up a mischievous plan and couldn’t help but say: “What are you smiling about?”
Brian touched his nose and conscientiously said: “Nothing.”
“…” Snow no longer paid him any mind, turned around and said: “The spacecraft is going to take off soon, let’s go back.”
“Okay.” Brian quickly caught up to Snow’s footsteps.
***
In the next two days, Snow, due to concerns about Lin Yuan’s health situation, visited the cabin next door many times over but was stopped by Caesar's use of various excuses. Lin Yuan’s voice had gotten to be even more terribly hoarse and every time he spoke, he sounded like he was enduring some kind of pain… Apart from this, there wasn't actually anything unusual.
Although Snow’s mind was very doubtful, it wasn't easy to break right in either, so he could only bear it.
For Lin Yuan, the full three days of estrus on the spacecraft were enough to make it unforgettable throughout his whole life.
He and Caesar frantically went after each other like wild animals. The whole cabin was made into a state of disarray by them, the inside of the body was completely opened and marked by Caesar, his rear entrance was stretched to its limits and his body was filled with the essence Caesar emptied into him. The two people's pheromones completely blended with each other, just as if their souls had merged into one.
After doing it for three days and three nights, the bones throughout his whole body were almost about to fall apart, completely losing their strength.
In the end, Lin Yuan couldn't be bothered to say anything. He fell headfirst onto the bed, hugged the quilt, and with puffed breaths, fell right to sleep.
***
It was already the morning of the fourth day when he woke up again, the spacecraft was still navigating in the universe, and the inside of the room was lit with warm yellow lights.
Lin Yuan dazedly felt like he was being held in someone's embrace. That person’s arms were warm and particularly comfortable. Lin Yuan couldn’t help but lightly rub his head against his arms and tried to find a more comfortable position.
The movement of his Omega rubbing his head in his embrace made Caesar indescribably happy, he slightly tightened the hold of Xiao Yuan in his arms and whispered with a smile: “Are you awake?”
Hearing this familiar voice, Lin Yuan woke up at long last.
As soon as he opened his eyes to look, there was a well-built honey-colored chest with a good amount of teeth marks left by his bites. Lin Yuan came to realize that he was lying in Caesar’s arms. He immediately pushed Caesar away and flipped over to sit up. His gaze moved away from his face and he said awkwardly: “What time is it?”
Caesar smiled and said: “Eight in the morning, it will take three hours to reach the final stop, Planet Oman.”
Lin Yuan said “oh” and he got out of bed wrapped with a large bath towel and wanted to take a bath in the bathroom. He didn't expect that as soon as he stood up, a warm white liquid flowed down the inner side of his thigh. Lin Yuan immediately froze in place in embarrassment, not knowing what to do.
Caesar had originally wanted to help Lin Yuan clean up last night. However, three days of exercising had drained his stamina until not a drop was left. He physically couldn’t carry Lin Yuan to take a bath, so he could only put it off to hold Lin Yuan in his arms to sleep.
They slept smoothly and soundly all throughout the night, this was the time their physical strength recovered. Caesar’s long arms stretched out and directly swept Lin Yuan off his feet.
Lin Yuan blushed in embarrassment. Why was Caesar so fond of princess carrying? Doesn't he think carrying a grown man is awfully strange?
Lin Yuan grabbed Caesar’s shoulder from the off-kilter center of gravity and struggled, saying: “Put me down…”
Caesar lightly slapped Lin Yuan’s butt and softly said: “Don’t flail about, I’m carrying you to go take a bath.”
Lin Yuan: “………”
Lin Yuan, who was spanked by Caesar, again felt that the whole world was bad.
Lin Yuan was carried by Caesar into the bathroom. He undid his bathrobe, placing his fully bared body into the bathtub. Those dubious green and purple bruises on his body were especially vivid when soaked in warm water. His whole body was covered with Caesar’s love bites, Lin Yuan couldn’t help but blush and turn his head away.
Caesar also bluntly took off his clothes and squeezed into the bathtub with him, patiently washing him.
He had done countless intimate things with Caesar other these past three days, but at this moment, taking a couples’ bath
in the early morning still makes Lin Yuan a little embarrassed. Especially when Caesar’s long fingers reach behind him to clean up the inside of his body, Lin Yuan's embarrassed flush spreads to his neck.
The in and out motions of his fingers in his backside made Lin Yuan unable to help but recall the both terrible and stimulating ship vibrations two days prior. The numb feeling behind him served as a glaring reminder of the fact that he had been completely marked by Caesar…
The bath torture went on for a whole half hour. Lin Yuan was already embarrassed to the point of his entire body going red. Caesar then let him go. He gave Lin Yuan a clean set of clothes and even thoughtfully put the clothes on his own little monster himself, doing up the buttons.
—At that time, he had personally undone his buttons and now he personally rebuttoned them, Caesar suddenly felt self-accomplished.
***
Lin Yuan, who was in estrus, had abundant stamina and was full of energy, even his face shone in splendor. Sitting at the table with his mouth stuffed full of food, the starving little guy quickly cleared off the table of food.
White Feather very considerately purified the air inside the room and Caesar threw all the dirtied bed sheets into the washing machine in the bathroom to be cleaned. In just ten short minutes, all evidence of their joyous union was fully disposed of by Caesar.
Onlyafter properly tying up all loose ends did Caesar take a seat at the table. He lightly touched Lin Yuan’s hair and asked softly: “How is your body feeling? Do you feel sick?”
Some Omegas run a likelihood of catching a fever after their estrus period, especially Omegas who have injected inhibitors.
An accidental estrus brought about by the failure of an inhibitor is actually very taxing for an Omega’s body. Lin Yuan had taken inhibitors for years on end. This accidental estrus can be equated to forcibly breaking the balance from within the body and can very easily lead to the burden on their body to be overloaded, falling ill.
—This is also the reason why Ling Feng had hurried over to the space station.
Back then, Ling Yu had a high fever for a whole week after being marked by Rosen. He was afraid that Lin Yuan would also have a high fever. Although there were doctors onboard the spacecraft, Lin Yuan’s identity of an Omega could not be known by anyone, so Ling Feng hastily prepared the proper medicines and rushed over to Lyra from eta Ursae Majoris.
Caesar learned a lot of information pertaining to an Omega's estrus back in middle school, finding that some Omegas will have a high fever after the event, and he somewhat worriedly stretched out his hand rest on Lin Yuan’s forehead, and sure enough, it came out to be a bit feverish.
Caesar hurriedly said with distress in his voice: “You have a fever. Quickly go lie down for a bit. I’ll get you some medicine.”
Lin Yuan had just stuffed himself full and appeared very spirited. He smiled and said: “It's only a low fever, it's nothing.”
Even with a low fever, he couldn’t be taken lightly. Caesar forcibly dragged Lin Yuan to make him lie down and rest in bed, he went out of the door with the intent to buy medicine, but unexpectedly just as he had pushed the door open, he saw Snow and Brian walking out next door.
When Snow caught sight of Caesar, he rushed to ask: “Caesar, is Xiao Yuan awake?”
Caesar said: “He's up.”
Snow said: “I’m going to examine him.”
Snow immediately turned around into the cabin next door and easily shut the cabin door behind him.
In the hallway outside the door, Caesar and Brian looked at each other in consternation. After a short period of time passed, Brian then asked with a beaming smile: “Say, were the two of you keeping the door closed to do bad things? Otherwise, how could the little monster who usually bounces around so lively and in such great health suddenly catch a cold?”
Brian described Lin Yuan as if he was describing a monkey. Of course, compared to Lin Yuan's likening of Brian to a wild boar, Brian’s wording is already very tactful.
Caesar touched his nose and smiled, saying: “I’m going out to buy something. You can go ahead and chat with them.”
Caesar’s unfathomable attitude made Brian even more sure that Caesar had been doing bad things behind closed doors these past few days. Only, Brian thought that Caesar had just kissed and hugged some at most, he did not expect Caesar to rapidly evolve to the point of… a complete mark.
***
Caesar soon found the sales counter where the medicine was sold on the spacecraft and bought a case of antipyretics. After a moment of hesitation, he also said to the doctor: “By the way, doctor, may I ask as to whether you sell a… kind of medicine?”
The young man’s voice suddenly fell down to a whisper on the keywords, seeming very embarrassed.
The doctor said in confusion: “What medicine?”
Caesar directly wrote down the name of the medicine. The doctor looked at him in surprise, only to see that Caesar lowered his head down in embarrassment. The doctor then took out a box of medicine from the counter with a light chuckle and said meaningfully: “Here you go, it’s effective for three days afterward.”
Caesar quickly took the pillbox and stuffed it into his pocket, saying in a hushed tone: “Thank you.”
When he returned to the cabin, the three of them were chatting.
Snow sat on the bedside and looked at Lin Yuan with an anxiety-riddled face, “Dad came to the space station yesterday to find me and said your health condition was unusual and you may have a fever. How are you feeling now? Let me take your temperature.”
After he spoke, he called out Night Snow and asked it to measure Lin Yuan’s body temperature. The test result was 38 degrees, it was indeed a bit high. Snow hurriedly took Ling Feng’s medicine box out and found the box of antipyretic medicine to hand it over to Lin Yuan, “Quickly, come take two tablets.”
Lin Yuan nodded and washed the pill down with water.
Aiming his gaze at a red box in the medicine box, Lin Yuan inquisitively asked: “What kind of medicine is this? Uncle gave it to you too?”
Snow took out the pillbox and handed it to Lin Yuan, “That’s right, he said it might be of use to you, there are instructions inside.”
Lin Yuan didn’t think too much of it, so he put away the box.
Soon, the spacecraft landed on Planet Oman.
The final destination had been reached for this flight. The four got off the spacecraft together. Snow’s home was on Planet Oman. After bidding farewell to Lin Yuan and Caesar, Snow and Brian walked out of the space station together. Lin Yuan's home planet, Planet Rennes, is the most remote place in the entire galaxy. This type of large-scale inter-galaxy spaceship wouldn't travel there. They have to transfer onto a small-scale passenger spacecraft.
The two waited for about half an hour at the space station before then boarding a small spacecraft to speed over to the space station of Planet Rennes.
Fortunately, there is also a two-person cabin on this spacecraft. After Caesar and Lin Yuan settled down in the cabin, Lin Yuan sat on the bed and yawned. Caesar suddenly sat next to him and gently held his hand, saying: “Xiao Yuan, there is something… I need to talk to you about.”
Lin Yuan opened his eyes and looked up at Caesar in befuddlement: “What’s the matter, ah?”
Facing the dark and clear eyes of Lin Yuan, Caesar’s heart abruptly trembled— he didn’t even have the heart to say his next words, and he didn’t have the heart to burden Lin Yuan with this prematurely…
However, what's done has been done and they have to face the music.
Seeing Caesar suddenly fall silent, Lin Yuan became even more puzzled, “What’s going on with you?”
After a long silence, Caesar took a deep breath and turned to face Lin Yuan’s pure gaze, whispering: “I want to have a talk with you, in case this time results in a child… how do you plan on dealing with it?”
Lin Yuan froze at first, then immediately reacted with his eyes flying wide open in shock, his face written with disbelief all over it.
Child? Did he hear that right?
The word pregnancy flashed through his mind and Lin Yuan’s internal organs were suddenly twitched like he was struck by lightning, his mind went blank—
Would he be pregnant? This is too scary……
He never considered such a thing, even if he knew that he was an Omega, he never thought about giving birth to an Alpha's heir.
Even if he couldn’t find a girlfriend and he couldn't have offspring, he can’t get pregnant and have children himself. Having his body being used in such a way has already passed the limits of what Lin Yuan was capable of accepting. He was unable to imagine himself being pregnant, he was unable to imagine having a baby in his stomach…
Caesar has formed a complete knot in his body and completely marked him. The probability of an Omega becoming pregnant during estrus is extremely high.
Perhaps he was already carrying his…
An ice-cold cold feeling of dread gradually spread down along to the soles of his feet, the blood from Lin Yuan’s face suddenly drained.
He just turned eighteen years old, he still hasn't completed his schooling, he still has many things he wishes to do, a lot of dreams he wants to realize. He can't be like those other Omegas and turn into a tool for reproduction.
Lin Yuan tightly clenched his fist and forced his fingernails into the palm of his hand, his head was hung low but he didn’t know what to say.
Caesar looked at Lin Yuan’s pale complexion and his lowered head, his heart gripped even more firmly— he was well aware that Xiao Yuan didn’t want a child, Xiao Yuan himself was only 18 years old, still a first-year student. Should he give birth to a child now, he would have to drop out of school and live in the Imperial Palace as a prince consort, chaining himself to him from then on.
Now is obviously not the right time to have a child, this child would simply come out at the worst time.
However, it was the flesh and blood of Caesar, the combined flesh and blood of him and Xiao Yuan… That child may grow to resemble his little monster, with a pair of dark and clear eyes with black, ink-like hair, their round face would most certainly be especially cute.
…and yet how could he be willing to part with it?
Caesar’s mood at this moment is very conflicted. If Lin Yuan was an ordinary Omega, it would be heavily expected for an Omega to give birth at the age of eighteen. Caesar would have also liked to have his Omega conceive a child from the first estrus and give birth.
—But Lin Yuan isn't.
Lin Yuan has never regarded giving birth to offspring as the duty of an Omega. He has his own goals and he has his own dreams.
He is free.
Will not be tied down by anyone or anything.
Caesar looked at Lin Yuan’s pale face next to him, he finally let out a soft sigh, handed a box of red-packaged medicine box to Lin Yuan, and said in a low voice: “Xiao Yuan… if you're not willing… we won't have this child.”
Each word was like a knife in his heart.
Caesar even felt that he had killed the baby that had yet to be formed with his own two hands.
Lin Yuan heard Caesar’s painstakingly lowered voice in his ear and hesitated, a sudden inkling of surprise appeared on his face, “Can I? I really don’t want to have a child, I never thought about it before…” Lin Yuan had just recovered from his shock, these words were spoken disjointedly, “I-I still haven’t graduated yet, and I also promised my father that I would go to his Glory Legion after I graduated…”
Caesar gently hugged Lin Yuan, stroked his hair, and cut off his words with a soft tone: “There's no need to explain, I understand.”
I understand.
Those two words were enough to allow Lin Yuan to relinquish some of his worries and misgivings.
That's right, Caesar understands him.
Caesar respects his wishes. Caesar knew that he would take his point of view into consideration. Caesar would not forcibly tie him down because he was an Omega. Caesar has always stood by him doing the things he likes the most.
Caesar understood him, so Caesar was willing to take the brave step forward at this crucial time and take the initiative to make the difficult decision of “not having the child”.
It was not until this moment that Lin Yuan noticed that Caesar was so different.
This kind of meticulous thoughtfulness touched him into a loss of words, he could only hug Caesar back close, burying his head in his arms, and quietly say: “Thank you, Caesar…”
Caesar gave a small smile and gently reached out and rubbed Lin Yuan’s hair into a mess.
—Idiot, what are you saying thank you for?
—Because Caesar loves you.
—If you like flying in the sky and dearly love your Caesar, how could he ever bear to break your wings?
The author has something to say: This plot is very reasonable ^ _ ^
Papa Ling Yu and Xiao Yuan won't be pregnant at the same time, that’s too embarrassing…
I actually really agree with Caesar 's approach. When I wrote it, I felt that Lin Yuan, a little monster, was truly very blessed to have this lover.
Chapter 096: Coming Home
When he took the red pillbox from Caesar's hand, Lin Yuan suddenly felt that the packaging of this pillbox was very familiar, it seems like it is a little similar to the medicine Ling Feng gave him? Taking out the red case from inside the medicine chest and comparing it in suspicion, it really ended up being the same medicine.
Ling Feng also wrote a little note on the manual inside the medicine chest—
“Xiao Yuan, an Omega’s chance of getting pregnant during estrus will be very high. If you don’t want a child, taking this drug within three days after estrus can prevent pregnancy. You are too young now, carefully think it over before making a decision.”
Because for many Omegas, their estrus period comes suddenly and the contraception step cannot be done in time beforehand. The probability of pregnancy after being completely marked during estrus is very high. If you do not use contraception, then it would be unavoidable for an Omega to give birth to a child in one year’s time. Their body would assuredly be unable to manage it like that.
Experts at Imperial Central Hospital have specially developed these postcoital oral contraceptives, which can be used after estrus to prevent an Omega pregnancy. This drug is kept on hand in many Alpha homes in the Empire. In case their Omega's estrus comes at an unsuitable time, they can use this method to prevent Omega pregnancy when the two of them do not want a child.
Lin Yuan took a closer look at the instructions for use, took out a red pill from the box, put it in his mouth, and then swallowed it down with lukewarm water.
Only after taking the medicine did Lin Yuan raise his head to look at Caesar—
Although Caesar always wore a smile on his face and was even the one to propose the "not have this child" decision, Lin Yuan could tell that Caesar’s mood was obviously a little depressed.
Alphas that do not want children for the first estrus are exceedingly few and far in between, especially the royal family subculture that places a heavy emphasis on lineage inheritance. Practically every prince of the imperial household had produced an heir when they marked their Omega for the first time. The child that is born, no matter whether it is a prince or princess, is written into the royal family tree as the grand prince/princess and is then personally named by the king himself. There is even a celebratory banquet held at the Imperial Palace…
Yet, Caesar still voluntarily proposed: not have children the first time.
It must have been difficult for him to make this decision, right?
If he were any other Omega, perhaps long ago, he would have become Caesar’s prince consort with peace of mind and stayed in the Imperial Palace for him to bear and raise children.
But, that was impossible for Lin Yuan. He had never received an education of Omega-relevant knowledge before and he was even less mentally prepared to properly have children. He didn't want to put all of his plans to ruin because of an unexpected pregnancy.
This kind of postcoital contraception method is undoubtedly the best. So long as he doesn't get pregnant, all of those hard problems will be disposed of.
Looking at Caesar’s feigned nonchalance, Lin Yuan couldn’t help asking: “Caesar, you aren't really willing, are you? You… want to have a child?”
Caesar smiled and stroked Lin Yuan’s hair, “That's not it. You are only eighteen years old, there's no pressure at all for a child. Don’t think too much about it, go on and do the things you'd like to do.”
Lin Yuan hung his head down and said quietly: “I still haven't fully mentally prepared myself as of now. Give me some time… okay?”
Caesar said: “Okay, I will wait for you.”
Past all expectations, Caesar did not hesitate in the slightest to say “I will wait for you”, such a simple sentence is full of trust and acceptance.
The rims of Lin Yuan’s eyes abruptly grew hot and he threw himself into Caesar’s embrace, tightly wrapping his arms around Caesar.
—This is his Alpha.
—Willing to unconditionally wait for him.
—Willing to give him the greatest freedom, acceptance, and support.
After Lin Yuan took the pill, he immediately sent a message to Ling Feng telling him not to worry.
Ling Feng, who has been constantly restless at eta Ursae Majoris Starfield, finally relinquished his worries. Ling Yu is not here, Xiao Yuan is just like his own flesh and blood son. Xiao Yuan’s current age and physical condition are not suitable for pregnancy at all. Taking the postcoital contraception could be considered to have minimized the impact of the unexpected estrus to where it was inconsequential.
All the while Snow, on the other hand, widened his eyes in shock at the name of the medicine that appeared on his web search—
The name of the drug he had never heard of was actually an oral contraceptive?
Dad had specially rushed over to the space station to deliver medicine. Lin Yuan and Caesar did not open the cabin door for three days and three nights and then he suddenly had a fever afterward. So, it turned out to be…
Estrus?
Thinking that his brother had been marked by Caesar, Snow’s mood suddenly became a bit complicated.
Lin Yuan and Caesar finally reached Planet Rennes at 8 o’clock that night.
These days, Planet Rennes has been snowing and the air temperature was as low as 18
degrees
below zero. As a result, Lin Yuan specifically urged his mother and sister not to come to the space station to welcome him. After being persuaded by Lin Yuan, they decided to make a table full of rich dishes to welcome Lin Yuan with dinner at home.
(
TN
: In Celcius, I believe. A bit lower than 0 degrees in Fahrenheit.)
Planet Rennes is located at the edge of the Cigar Galaxy. The planet has a large number of mineral reserves. Most of the troops stationed here are military personnel responsible for supervising the mining of minerals and workers of mineral companies. There are few native residents on this planet.
On this desolate planet, there are no small-scale suspension vehicles available for rent to the public. The two could only take a public suspension vehicle from the space station to the town where he lived. After they got off near the mining company, they walked to his home on foot.
Caesar had said that the purpose of this trip to Planet Rennes was to see the snow. Since it was a trip, they originally should have gone to a hotel for lodging. However, Lin Yuan seemed to have forgotten this bit and took Caesar to his home from beginning to end. Naturally, Caesar would not take the initiative to remind him and kept next to Lin Yuan with a thick face.
The frigid Planet Rennes was practically covered with pure white snow, and the tall and imposing trees that were extremely cold-resistant were planted on either side of the street, there was a sense of desolation as far as the eye could see.
Compared to the bustle and warmth of the Capital Star, it really does look like two different worlds.
The pedestrians on the street are sparse and many small shops on the roadside are closed due to the bitter cold. At a bit after eight o’clock in the evening, the sky was already dark and the street lights were all lit up. Under the glow of the pale yellow street lights, the snowflakes fluttering in the air appeared to be stained with a golden halo.
The two walked side by side on the sidewalk, the snowflakes crunched under their feet and a biting cold wind blew in their face, mingling together with the large number of snowflakes falling straight on their necks.
Having never come to such a cold place before, Caesar’s nose has always been sensitive and being unable to adapt to this climate, he could not help but loudly sneeze.
Lin Yuan immediately turned his head and asked: “Are you really cold, Caesar?”
The wind was so strong that Caesar couldn't clearly hear what he was saying, so he bent over and moved his ear closer to the seams of his lips, asking in a low voice: “What did you say?”
Lin Yuan looked at Caesar’s ears that had been frozen red. That red color resembled frozen meat taken from the freezer. It was clear his ears were irritated by the freezing air and were already quickly losing feeling.
Lin Yuan couldn’t help but take out his warm hand from inside his pocket, gently warm his ear, and say: “It snows all year round here where I live. It’s not like the Capital Star. You must be unacclimated your first time coming here then?”
As he spoke, he took his other hand out and with both hands and covered Caesar’s ears, gently covering Caesar's ears with the palm of his hands to warm them up.
“Have they turned into popsicles? Seeing your ears look so red like this, I would have bought you a hat before setting off had I known…”
Caesar froze for a moment before responding, Xiao Yuan was actually using his hands to warm his ears.
The shock and excitement in his heart made Caesar speechless for quite a while—
Is his Omega worried about him? He was worried that he would turn into a popsicle, so he used his hands to cover his frosty red ears?
The warmth radiating from the palms of Lin Yuan’s hands quickly spread through his whole body following along the outlines of his ears, making it so that Caesar’s heart suddenly became nice and warm— the feeling of being cared for by the person he likes was so nice… Xiao Yuan cared about him, it's truly too much of a blessing…
Realizing that Caesar had taken the initiative to move closer, Lin Yuan stood up on his tippy toes and continued to cover his frozen red ears with both hands while jokingly saying: “You've never been to Planet Rennes before. Unlike me who has grown up here and has been acclimatized to it from a young age, you're not accustomed to the climate over here, making it very easy to freeze out in open-air. If I let our prince, His Highness, go back with frostbite, the hearts of His Majesty and the Queen would definitely ache to death.
Xiao Yuan’s smiling eyes were beautifully bent into crescent shapes under the street lights, which made one's heart rate quicken for a bit.
Caesar resisted the urge to fiercely kiss him and played along with Lin Yuan’s words, and as if playing a joke, he asked in a whisper: “If I froze into a popsicle, wouldn't your heart ache?”
Lin Yuan: “…………”
His face went slightly red and he wasn't too sure whether it was because it was too cold or if it was embarrassment. Lin Yuan pretended to calmly retrieve his hands and changed the topic: “It’s too cold outside, let’s get going, my house is just around the corner.”
He shoved his hands back into his warm pockets soon after speaking and turned towards the direction of his home.
Caesar gave a small smile and immediately followed after Lin Yuan’s footsteps.
Lin Yuan had grown up on Planet Rennes. He was accustomed to this frigid climate. When he disembarked the spacecraft, he found a thick overcoat and hat from his suitcase. Wearing them made it nice and warm and he didn't think it was too cold either. Caesar, however, had underestimated the coldness here and the little prince who did not take the proper precautions against the cold trekked the journey in the cold wind, his ears were almost frozen enough to fall off and Lin Yuan had worried that he would be frozen into a popsicle and could not help but encase his ears with the warmth of his hands.
Looking back now, Lin Yuan also feels it is strange— why did my heart ache to see Caesar suffering in the cold just now?
He was stupid enough to rise to his tippy toes and cover his ears with his hands…
After arriving at his home, Lin Yuan turned and aimed a glance, just in time for his sight to meet with Caesar's smile.
At the moment when their pair eyes were diametrically opposed, Lin Yuan’s heartbeat suddenly seemed to stall for half a beat. He quickly looked away and rang the doorbell.
After a short pause, the door was opened.
The one who had opened the door was Lin Yao. The Beta girl wore a full set of casual clothes and had her hair up in a ponytail. Her sleeves were rolled up and she looked very well put together. When she saw Lin Yuan, she immediately rushed over and gave Lin Yuan a bear hug, “Xiao Yuan, you've come back at long last!”
Lin Yuan took off his hat and said with a smile: “Big Sis'.”
Lin Yao rubbed her little brother’s head before releasing him, looked around, and then asked in confusion: “Oh, that's right, what about Hobby? Hadn't he secretly stowed himself away in your suitcase and went with you? He wasn't discovered by the school, was he?”
Seeing his sister’s worried appearance, Lin Yuan quickly explained: “He wasn't, Hobby is actually quite safe. I left him with a classmate for the time being.”
In fact, Lin Yao is particularly fond of rubbing Hobby’s head and tying its hair into all kinds of braided pigtails… Hobby was really scared of being tormented by her. Thus, when Lin Yuan was going back home, Hobby firmly resolved himself not to tag-along. At that time, he had only managed to escape from the clutches of Sister Lin Yao with great difficulties. He couldn't return this time. In case his owner left it at home in the care of Big Sister Lin Yao, wouldn’t dying be better than living?
Hobby’s attitude was very determined. Lin Yuan was under pressure for lack of a better option and could only temporarily leave him in Po Military Starfield.
Fortunately, Bertha is the daughter of Instructor Irene. She lives in a military academy and has a gentle personality. She also really likes to keep pets. Lin Yuan gave her Hobby to take care of, for the time being, intending to take that round lump of fur back upon returning to school after vacation ended.
Hearing that the “doggie” was not in any danger, Lin Yao let go of her worries and didn’t ask anymore. She raised her head to look at the tall guy standing beside her little brother, saying in wonder: “And this is?” Lin Yao eyed the suitcase in Caesar’s hand, “A classmate who came together with you?”
Before Lin Yuan and Caesar had time to answer, Mrs. Lin’s gentle voice came from the direction of the kitchen: “Has Xiao Yuan come back? Why don’t you come inside to talk? It’s so cold outside, you'll catch a cold if you stand at the door.”
Lin Yao hurriedly said: “Oh yeah, don't talk here, quickly come in!”
She then swiftly found clean slippers for the two of them after she spoke.
The two changed their shoes at the door and walked into the house together. Lin Yuan put their suitcases in his bedroom and Lin Yao rushed to cordially pour tea for the two.
Mrs. Lin came out from the kitchen and saw the handsome boy sitting next to her son, then paused for a bit before asking: “Xiao Yuan, this is?”
Lin Yuan had originally wanted to say: This is my roommate, he's passing through Planet Rennes to see the snowy scenery.
However, when he met Caesar’s gaze with those kinds of words, he suddenly couldn’t say anything.
Not long ago, the two had just finished marking each other completely. Lin Yuan clearly remembers every I love you Caesar declared in earnest each time they embraced… Afterward, Caesar even thoughtfully said not to have a child and bought contraceptive pills of his own accord. When he isn't well mentally prepared, he helps him dispose of all his worries for the future, and says without hesitation and a resolve of steel: I will wait for you.
—How can he continue to use “friends” to define the identity of such a person?
—He has traveled thousands of miles to Planet Rennes, how could he let him suffer this kind of grievance?
Lin Yuan thought of this, finally hesitated no longer, scratched his head, and said with some embarrassment: “Mom, he is… he is my Alpha, his name is Caesar.”
Caesar: “…”
Mom: “…”
Lin Yao: “…”
My Alpha, in just this one simple sentence, contains infinite profound meanings.
Usually, only partners who have marked each other use the adjective “my Alpha”. The prefix “my” proves that the other party belongs to them, and the optimal way for an Alpha and an Omega to belong to one another is precisely a complete mark.
Lin Yuan was so straightforward that he just said it without thinking about it. The moment where he had completely marked him, Caesar had said: “I am yours”. When introducing him to others, Lin Yuan automatically used “my”.
Unexpectedly, after saying this, the other three suddenly went strangely silent.
Lin Yuan looked at Caesar, his mother, and his sister… What's going on with the three of you? Could I have said something wrong?
The author has something to say: Happy Valentine’s Day and Lantern Festival everyone! !! Returned late since I was dragged out to window-shop~~
Don’t hate Xiao Yuan ma, asking for some encouragement and positive energy!
I don’t think I wrote an inconsistent plot point ah. Not wanting to have children at the age of 18 while a first-year in college is a normal way of thinking. Taking contraceptives is the best way if you don't want a child. Changing it out with another method: Caesar and Lin Yuan wore a condom during sex… Do you feel cruel ~~~
This is just reasonable contraception. The child hadn’t been conceived…
There will be buns, but not now, the cute buns will happily come to this world when the two fathers really love each other and are ready to welcome the babies ^ _ ^
Slight NSFW
Chapter 097. Response
In fact, Caesar had already prepared himself for Lin Yuan introducing him to his mother like, “This is my friend/roommate/classmate”, but past any and all expectations, Lin Yuan had actually said: “This is my Alpha”. Caesar received a simultaneously burst of shock and ecstasy—
Xiao Yuan finally recognized his identity!
In Xiao Yuan’s heart, he is no longer a friend at long last, instead, he is “my Alpha”!
If it weren't for Lin Yuan 's mother and sister locking their eyes on Caesar, Caesar would have liked to run back and forth in the snow as an outlet for his excitement—
The so-called where there is a will, there is a way, both metal and stone can be cracked open, is this not the case?
Facing Mrs. Lin’s astonished gaze, Caesar immediately donned a refined and elegant smile on his face, respectfully speaking: “Greetings, Auntie, Big Sister, my name is Caesar, I am Xiao Yuan’s Alpha.”
This sentence being spoken out was simply full of vitality.
Compared to being taught a lesson by the Marshal at the beginning, there is nothing more to say. Today, he is meeting Lin Yuan 's adoptive mother and sister as a boyfriend through just and honorable means. Caesar's frame of mind from then and now is truly light-years apart— was this the difference between wishful thinking and a couple's harmonious love?
Mrs. Lin has always had a sweet-tempered personality. Since Xiao Yuan took the initiative to acknowledge the relationship between the two of them, as a mother, she really has no qualms, but is instead over the moon that Xiao Yuan had brought his Alpha over for a visit—
After the exposure of Xiao Yuan's Omega identity, Mrs. Lin has truly been in a constant state of mind-numbing fear, terrified that her son would be depressed because of his identity change, and even more afraid that he would be harassed by other Alphas. Since not only could he find an Alpha he liked to bring back home to meet his mother, but also the other person's appearance and temperament appeared very fine, with the way he carries himself being quite modest and polite, Mrs. Lin would naturally be very happy for her son.
Looking at Caesar’s refined and courteous manner, the more she saw the more pleasing to the eyes he became. Mrs. Lin turned back to Lin Yuan and said: “Xiao Yuan, you’re really something, not telling me in advance, you see, I don't have anything at all prepared… …A-Yao, quickly go cook a few more dishes.”
“On it!” Lin Yao very happily ran back to the kitchen.
Caesar rushed to say: “There's no need to go through all the trouble, I am very easy to please in terms of food and accommodation. You have already prepared more than enough.”
Lin Yuan nodded and parroted: “That's right, Caesar is not a picky eater, the amount of food he eats isn't as big as me. Mom, every time you make food there's always leftovers, this time with him, it should be just enough to eat.”
Lin Yao was walking towards the kitchen and had to come back halfway, saying in all smiles: “Xiao Yuan, you're immediately siding with Caesar, so you can speak for Caesar so conscientiously?”
Lin Yuan: “…………”
Lin Yuan's face flushed a tad red, he avoided his sister’s teasing gaze, and said in a low voice: “Anyway, it would go to waste to make anymore, I don’t want to eat leftovers every day.”
Seeing Lin Yuan's blushing appearance, Caesar was even happier.
Lin Yuan 's act of taking the initiative to speak for him, it seems to be reminiscent of "where the husband speaks, his husband follows", even if Lin Yuan is only unconsciously doing it, it is this kind of instinctive reaction that serves as proof— this little monster holds him in his heart.
Caesar pointed to the full table of food on the dinner table and smiled, saying: “There's really no need, Big Sister, don’t rush around, this is surely enough food for the four of us.” He glanced at Lin Yuan, adding in, “It's even enough for Xiao Yuan’s midnight snack.”
Lin Yuan: “…………”
Was it really necessary to tell his mother to her face that he was a big nighttime snacker?
Mrs. Lin saw her son 's reaction and couldn't help laughing: "Well, I did indeed even prepare a midnight snack for Xiao Yuan. You two must be starving too. Quickly come and have dinner."
Four people sat down around the dining table, his mother and sister sat together. Lin Yuan and Caesar naturally sat together on the other side.
The dishes that were served for Lin Yuan’s welcoming dinner were very rich. The table was filled with seven to eight dishes, there was even the strong aroma of pork chop soup. Many of the dishes on the table were ones Caesar had never seen before, probably being regional specialties of Planet Rennes.
Lin Yuan was beginning to grow a little embarrassed by his sister’s teasing. Later, only seeing that his mother and sister seemed to be fond of Caesar, did he gradually relax. As the host, Caesar first and foremost came to his home as a guest, it's only natural that he should be presented with warm hospitality.
So, Lin Yuan took the initiative to place a white bamboo shoot in Caesar’s bowl, saying with a smile: “Try this cold dish, you most certainly have never eaten it before. This is a Planet Rennes specialty, it's called ice bamboo, they grow in the snow and can only be found by digging under the snow.”
Caesar picked it up and tasted it. It sure was worthy of growing in the snow. The sharp icy feeling is like eating a popsicle. The light sweetness ignited on his taste buds, spreading from the tip of his tongue, washing over one by one, refreshing his soul.
It was a very simple dish but was it just right to arouse one’s appetite.
What made Caesar’s appetite grow even larger— was that Lin Yuan personally served him a lot of special dishes, introducing them as he picked them up. He was acting just like a host, but unbeknownst to him, these kinds of intimate actions in the eyes of his elders looked more like a public display of affection.
The dullard Lin Yuan didn’t catch onto the deeply discerning smiles of his sister and mother and just excitedly introduced the local specialties to Caesar.
Caesar felt that this was the most delightful meal he had ever eaten.
After dinner, Caesar took out the presents he had prepared for Mrs. Lin and Lin Yao from his suitcase, he walked to the living room and presented them in front of the two girls, smiling and as he said: “Auntie, Big Sister, these are some greeting gifts I bought for you. “
Mrs. Lin, who is used to frugality, saw the exquisitely packaged box Caesar held out, and immediately stressed over him recklessly throwing money around, hurriedly saying: “You only came to my home to have a bit of fun, bringing any gifts at all is spending too much money.”
Caesar said with a smile: “I didn’t know what you like, so I chose something practical. Won't you open it and take a look?”
Mrs. Lin opened the box and found that it was actually the latest smart massager. This massage appliance is designed based on the blood circulation of the human body, it can conduct a smart adjustment on a person-to-person basis. Not only could it loosen muscles, but it could also treat a bit of joint pain and other such ailments. Caesar knew that Mrs. Lin was not in good health, so he bought this. Although it had a hefty price tag, it was very practical.
Mrs. Lin immediately closed the box and said: “Why would you buy such an expensive thing? It’s such a waste of money.”
Caesar rushed to say: “It being of use to you is payment enough, Auntie, please accept it.”
Lin Yuan also piped up after him: “Just accept it, Mom. I originally wanted to buy this massager for you after I came back. I didn’t expect Caesar would buy it.” This is actually the truth. Lin Yuan always wanted to buy this for his mother, but even with all of his scholarships added up this semester it wasn’t enough money. He had originally intended to wait until the next semester to buy it, it came as a surprise to him too that Caesar had bought it.
Lin Yuan glanced at Caesar and being faced with Caesar's smile, a warmness welled up in his heart— although Mrs. Lin was not his biological mother, she had taken care of him for 14 years. In his heart, she was no different than a biological mother. Caesar was so gracious to his mother, and he even carefully thought of buying this practical thing for his mother, this made Lin Yuan feel very moved.
Seeing Mrs. Lin was still a bit hesitant, Caesar followed up with: “Auntie, there is no need for you to worry about money. Xiao Yuan and I both participated in the National Mech Contest and won a bunch of scholarships. In the military academy, food costs are taken care of, it’s a lot of money without anything to spend it on.”
Listening to Caesar’s words, Mrs. Lin accepted it with peace of mind. This Alpha is not just a good person but is also so filial to her. For Xiao Yuan to be able to find such an Alpha, she is unable to help but to rejoice in her heart. Looking at Caesar, she said: "Thank you, ah. “
Caesar smiled, saying: “Auntie is too kind.”
Lin Yao inquisitively inched over, saying: “Caesar, is there a gift for me too?”
"Of course there is." Caesar handed her a gift box and upon opening, it ended up being the most popular touchscreen gaming computer in the Empire. It came preinstalled with numerous classic 3D games. After connecting it to the Internet, new games could be downloaded from the game store or could be played straight from the network.
Lin Yao was stunned for a moment, a glimmer of pleasant surprise suddenly shone on her face: “How great, I really, really love playing these!” She spoke as she patted Caesar's shoulder, “Caesar, you really are super sweet!”
In reality, this gift also took Caesar some thought. After all, with his rough understanding, Lin Yao 's personality is very straightforward, and as such, she should love playing games. This gaming computer is often held in high regard by the public, even if she didn't like it, she wouldn't hate it either, giving this kind of gift ought to be relatively safe.
He didn’t expect to hit a bullseye by taking a shot in the dark at Lin Yao's thoughts, it ended up being a happy accident.
Receiving the gift prepared with the utmost care, the favorable impression that Mama Lin and Big Sis' Lin held for Caesar exponentially doubled. Knowledgeable in manners, considerate, and even looks handsome. With such a good Alpha, our family's Xiao Yuan has truly picked up a treasure!
Mrs. Lin covertly dragged Lin Yao to her room and asked in a low voice: “It seems that Xiao Yuan has set his mind on this Alpha, what do you think about Caesar?”
Lin Yao gave it some thought, saying: “He looks quite handsome, has a good temperament, and he doesn't have any haughty air about him. He shouldn't bully our Xiao Yuan. Since Xiao Yuan likes him, I think it’s fine. It's better to have Caesar there rather than having him attending school, under threat, all by himself. Lin Yao paused, “And, haven’t the two of them already marked each other? It'd be completely meaningless to object now.”
Mrs. Lin's stare went blank and she sighed, “Oh yeah, Xiao Yuan is already Caesar's Omega…”
Lin Yao laughed and said: “It's really hard to imagine it, my little brother was so reserved, yet he was marked just like that.”
The mother and daughter looked at each other, and at the same time felt that their little monster’s ideological consciousness was too high. Not long after just becoming an Omega, he was actually marked, and even brought along his Alpha for a home visit!
After Lin Yao returned to the living room, Caesar suddenly said: “Big Sis', do you have any childhood photos of Xiao Yuan? I really want to see them.”
Ever since Xiao Yuan said that he liked to somersault on his bed when he was young, Caesar had always wanted to see what he looked like when he was a child. Lin Yuan surely must have been plump and especially adorable.
Lin Yao quickly said: “Of course there are, Big Sister will get them for you!”
Taking advantage of the time Lin Yuan was going to take a bath, Lin Yao secretly took out his childhood recordings and gave them to Caesar. Caesar watched the small little monster on the screen as he flipped and tumbled on his bed, he only felt it was incomparably adorable, his round cheeks filled with baby fat especially made people want to give it a pinch…
Soon, all of Lin Yuan’s videotapes, photos, and various award certificates were “shared” by Lin Yao. Lin Yao even told Caesar embarrassing stories from Lin Yuan’s childhood…
Lin Yuan, who was taking a bath, didn't realize that he had been completely betrayed by his heartless sister.
When he came out after finishing up his bath, Lin Yao was saying something under giggles to Caesar, and Caesar was also wearing a smile.
Lin Yuan said in wonder: “What are you guys talking about?”
Seeing that the two tacitly stopped speaking, Lin Yuan was forced to helplessly glance at Caesar, saying: “Go take a bath, I will prepare toiletries for you.”
Lin Yuan took Caesar to the bathroom and arranged everything, he then turned around and walked to Lin Yao. asking: “Mom already fell asleep?”
Lin Yao nodded, “En, she just tried out the massager Caesar gave her. She got sleepy and went to bed early.”
Lin Yuan asked: “Then where will Caesar be sleeping tonight?”
They didn't have any free guest rooms in their house, and Lin Yuan was fretting over how he should set up Caesar's sleeping arrangements.
To his surprise, Lin Yao swiftly laid a clean quilt right on the double twin bed in Lin Yuan’s room, and said with a smile: “Go to bed a bit early after taking a bath, I’m heading back to play games.”
Lin Yuan’s eyes widened in shock, “Big Sis'? You're saying you're letting Caesar sleep together with me…”
Lin Yao leaned closer towards Lin Yuan’s ear, she lowered her voice and said with a smile, “Haven't you already been marked? What worse could happen?”
Lin Yuan: “…”
Knowing that her brother was marked, Lin Yao was very indeed happy. She had already been told of Xiao Yuan’s origins from her mother a long time ago and has always worried that Xiao Yuan would be faced with troubles being an Omega at school, but since Xiao Yuan found an Alpha he likes and was willing to be marked by him and brought this Alpha to meet his family… As a big sister, her little brother finding true love makes her happier than going off and getting married herself.
Despite growing up on the desolate Planet Rennes, Lin Yao was very open-minded in her views. When Xiao Yuan was a child, he would frequently tumble around on his bed. The size of his double bed was more than enough. Being that the two had already marked each other, they should naturally sleep in the same room.
Lin Yao situated the quilt on the bed, turned around, and lightly patted her brother’s shoulder, saying with a smile: “You guys get some good rest. I’m leaving now, good night.”
Lin Yuan: “…”
When Caesar came out of the bath, Lin Yuan was standing in the middle of the room lost in thought. Both his mother and sister had already shut their doors and went to bed.
There were two new quilts spread on the bed, the patterns on the quilts are exactly the same, looking at it, they seemed awfully like couples' quilts.
Sure enough, his mother and sister had long-since guessed the relationship between the two, the frank and ready-tongued Lin Yuan had lain everything bare.
Caesar held back a smile and walked in front of Xiao Yuan, pretending to nonchalantly say: “Where will I be sleeping tonight?”
Lin Yuan gave an awkward glance to his bed, “Uh, right here, there aren't any guest rooms in my home…”
Caesar nodded, walked to the bed and sat down, beckoning Xiao Yuan over, “Come on now, let's rest, what are you standing there for?”
Lin Yuan had no other option but to shuffle over to the other side of the bed at a turtle's pace. He lifted the quilt up and climbed onto the bed, lying on his side with his back towards Caesar.
Perceiving that Lin Yuan was nervously tensing up the muscles on his back, Caesar abruptly lifted up the corner of his quilt and forcibly wormed his way into Lin Yuan’s quilt, securely wrapping his arms around his back.
Lin Yuan froze for a moment, his breathing was unstable: “What are you doing?”
Caesar turned Lin Yuan around and kissed his forehead with a smile: “What are you doing all nervous? I’m already yours, Xiao Yuan.”
Lin Yuan lifted his head up, his clear, dark eyes kept looking at Caesar. After a second, he gently hugged Caesar and nuzzled his head into Caesar’s chest, saying in earnest: “Caesar… I didn't think you'd bring gifts for my mother and sister, moreover to prepare such nice gifts… Although the two of them are not blood-related to me, as far as I'm concerned, they are my closest relatives. Thank you for being so good to them…”
Caesar smiled and rubbed the head buried in his chest, he said softly: “What's there to thank? You said that I am your Alpha, your family is naturally my family too.”
Lin Yuan, hearing these words, couldn't help but hug Caesar’s arm even tighter.
—It seems that this little monster is extremely moved?
Caesar couldn’t help but ask: “Do you really want to thank me?”
Lin Yuan nodded his head, “En.”
Caesar said: “Then will you take the initiative to give me a kiss?”
Lin Yuan raised his head and looked up into Caesar’s eyes. After a moment passed, his ears went a bit red and he took the initiative to move his lips closer, kissing Caesar.
The warm and soft touch on his lips nearly made Caesar's heart come to a stop.
Lin Yuan tentatively sucked his lips, gently licking and kissing, after wetting Caesar's lips he then pried open his jaw and probingly stretched his tongue in using the knowledge he had gained before…
With Lin Yuan’s lack of experience in his field, this kiss can be said to be somewhat iffy. His tongue lightly licked the inside of his warm mouth, which seems to be a clumsy attempt of pleasing him…
Being kissed caused the blood pumping through Caesar's body to speed up, the feeling of being kissed by Lin Yuan was even more heart-racing than when he was embracing him at that time.
It was undoubtedly an inexperienced kiss, but it was full of earnestness, his tongue slid gently in the mouth. Seeming just as if Lin Yuan was delving himself into a super important affair, he closed his eyes and kissed Caesar giving him his full concentration.
It was unquestionably a pure kiss without any skill, but more so than any impressive kissing technique, it makes Caesar’s heart pound.
This is just how his little monster is. Although he is a bit clumsy and slow to the uptake with his emotions, once he sets his mind on someone, he will become matchlessly serious and give them his full focus— just like him conscientiously persisting from beginning to end all those years towards his dreams.
Caesar likes Xiao Yuan’s seriousness and perseverance, he likes to see Xiao Yuan as he works hard for his dreams.
It is also this kind of seriousness and perseverance that makes his radiance shine brighter in Caesar’s eyes.
If you only want to find an Omega partner to give birth to your children, there are thousands upon thousands of pure-bred Omegas in the Omega Association's registration database that meet this requirement. However, Caesar only likes Lin Yuan—
Because Lin Yuan is an Omega who is a splash of color in a sea of white, a little monster who conducts himself well and independently and is the only one he can’t replace.
Lin Yuan kissed Caesar for a long time, seeing that Caesar hadn't responded in kind, ultimately withdrew from his mouth in embarrassment.
Caesar pinched Lin Yuan’s face, and spoke with a small smile: “Your kissing technique still hasn't improved, it seems that lots and lots of practice will be required.”
Lin Yuan’s face suddenly turned red. Every time before it was Caesar kissing him and each time he was kissed, his mind went blank and there was simply not enough time to respond. Today was his first time actively kissing him. Of course, it could be said that his skills were nothing to sneeze at, but his point of study solely relied on fuzzy memories of Caesar's movements. He clearly hadn't gotten it all down.
Seeing his blushing appearance, Caesar's heart was stirred, and he no longer hesitated to wrap his arms around his supple waist. He won back his position on the top, and deeply kissed Lin Yuan.
“Mm… Mmnn…”
“Like this… come… try to respond to me…”
Caesar kissed him while also encouraging Xiao Yuan to follow in his footsteps to respond.
This on the spot teaching method made even more red appear on Lin Yuan’s face, but he couldn’t help trying to respond from being kissed so nicely.
The passionate and intense kiss lasted for a long time, the two people’s breathing grew more and more rushed, and the ambiguous wet sound of coming from between their lips and teeth was infinitely amplified in the dead silent room.
Because of Lin Yuan’s active response, this kiss was more enjoyable to the both of them than every one-sided kiss in the past.
After a while, Lin Yuan even closed his eyes, reveling in desire, his hands actively imitated Caesar's manner of lightly caressing his back.
Caesar, who was urgingly kissed by Xiao Yuan, was even more excited.
Lin Yuan also enthusiastically expressed the subtle emotions inside his heart with his hands and lips.
Soon, the bed became a mess, forget about their pajamas opened wide, their lower bodies were even producing a reaction…
Knowing that Lin Yuan 's estrus had just passed and that his body was not fit for doing that kind of thing, Caesar immediately stopped moving and withdrew from Xiao Yuan 's mouth. He took a deep breath to rein back in his desire and rubbed Lin Yuan 's head. He asked with a smile: “Have you got it down?”
Lin Yuan frowned, unwilling to accept that. After a while, he suddenly thought of a devilish plan. As soon as he flipped Caesar over and overpowered him on the bed, he looked at him with his two eyes shining and kissed him with all his heart once more.
Lin Yuan's learning ability was extraordinarily strong and he quickly applied what he had learned from prior experience, gently licking the inside of Caesar’s mouth with his tongue, and attentively sweeping over his teeth, winding around his tongue in an intimate kiss.
Caesar's whole body grew scorching hot from the kiss, his back was stretched taut, and that part below was hard enough to burst. This guy, Lin Yuan, continued kissing him with the intent to please as if he was proving his learning ability.
Caesar: “………”
Sometimes this little monster’s passion really burns like fire.
However, if you kiss your Alpha like this, aren't you really afraid to mess around too much and kindle a fire of the upper body?
The author has something to say: Don't quarrel when you leave comments, please calm down everyone~ The comments below are giving off such bad vibes. Taking birth control doesn't necessarily equate to murder…
If you don't understand the suggestion in Chapter 95, go back and read it again ha~~To put it another way: Reasonable contraception (including the use of condoms, oral contraceptives and other measures to prevent accidental pregnancy) is something that the nation encourages and stands by, doctors recommend, and this is what normal people should do. There's no need to feel guilty about it.
Some of my classmates take birth control pills to adjust their monthly… It has nothing to do with selfish cold-blooded contempt for life… QAQ
The next morning, Lin Yuan woke up and found himself leaning into Caesar 's arms like a body pillow. He seemed to get more and more used to the scene of "waking up in Caesar's arms", watching the sleeping Caesar with his eyebrows smoothed out and relaxed, Lin Yuan couldn’t help smiling, he reached out his hand and patted Caesar’s face, softly saying: “Caesar, get up.”
Caesar had actually woken up a long time ago, but being called out of bed by Xiao Yuan is much more enjoyable than getting up by himself. He would naturally play a bit of pretend.
Seeing that Caesar's eyes were still glued shut, Lin Yuan then pinched his nose closed, “It’s almost time to get up, why are you still being lazy and sleeping?”
Caesar who had his nose pinched and was unable to breathe was forced to reluctantly open his eyes.
In reality, he was hoping for Lin Yuan to wake him up as passionately as he did last night with a kiss… Of course, Lin Yuan obviously had not come to this understanding yet.
Facing the smiling eyes of Lin Yuan, Caesar couldn’t help but kiss his forehead and quietly say: “Good morning.”
Lin Yuan looked at Caesar and leaned over to give him a kiss on the forehead as he had learned, saying with a smile: “Good morning.”
The two had embraced one other, slept under the same quilt, greeted the first light of the morning dawn together, kissed each other’s forehead, and said good morning… This kind of feeling is particularly warm, as if they had already been together for a long time, a complete mutual understanding as a married couple would.
Caesar wanted to take the kissing even further, but Lin Yuan tore the quilt off and got out of bed, saying, “Go wash your face and brush your teeth. My family eats breakfast every morning at 7:30 without fail.”
At Lin Yuan’s house, Caesar was naturally not going to be unbridled and was forced to obediently follow Lin Yuan out the door.
When the two came out of the bedroom together, they both smelled a heavy aroma at the same time. Lin Yao was baking bread in the kitchen, an apron wrapped around her. Mrs. Lin was warming milk and when she saw the two, she smiled and said: “You're out of bed?” Go wash up and get ready to eat breakfast.”
Lin Yuan couldn’t help but redden in shame. Coming out of his bedroom door with Caesar and being faced with his mother felt unbelievably embarrassing. Especially since the two of them had been intimate under the same quilt for quite a long time last night, both their lips were practically kissed swollen.
Lin Yuan met his mother’s gentle gaze and hurriedly looked away, scurrying off into the bathroom.
The surface area of Lin Yuan’s home is not large, there is only one bathroom, so to wash his face in the morning, he'd have to get in line. Lin Yuan went in to wash his face and Caesar stood outside and chatted with Mrs. Lin, “Auntie, do you all usually get up this early?”
Mrs. Lin said: “Yeah, it's become a habit after so many years.”
Caesar asked: “Xiao Yuan too?”
Mrs. Lin said with a smile: “He actually was quite fond of lazing around in bed when he was a child. He refused to get up and would roll around with his quilt in a death grip. He refused whenever I called him down to eat breakfast too. He was even late for school several times back in elementary school from sleeping in. Later on, A-Yao devised a method, she balled up a big snowball and pitched it into his bed at 7:30 every morning, right on time. Xiao Yuan was so frightened that he never dared to sleep in again.”
Caesar: “………”
Big Sis' Lin Yao really had her ways of sorting this naughty little brother of hers.
Despite Xiao Yuan growing up in a single-parent family and never experiencing the love of a father during his childhood, he, however, had such a gentle and kindhearted mother along with a candid and cheerful sister to foster his optimistic and cheerful personality.
It can be said that Xiao Yuan inherited Marshal Rosen and General Ling Yu's excellent genes, but his character was completely molded by his adoptive mother and sister.
Having this kind of mother and sister, his childhood must have been very happy and warm then?
Thinking of this, Caesar suddenly admired the woman in front of him a bit. Her husband had lost his life a long time ago. She raised a son and daughter all on her own and still taught Xiao Yuan so well. It really mustn’t have been easy.
Seeing Mrs. Lin carrying a few large glasses of milk she had poured into the dining room, Caesar hurriedly said: “Auntie, I'll come help you.”
Caesar swiftly took the milk and fried eggs in hand one by one and set them down in the dining room. Mrs. Lin looked at the back of the tall youth bustling about and she couldn’t help a small smile floating on her face— in the Empire, the Omegas in the household are given full responsibility for doing housework and raising children. Alphas work away from home and for the most part, Alphas are all a bit sexist, the kind of Alpha who is willing to lend a hand in doing household duties is already very few and far in between.
She had always been worried that Xiao Yuan would be wronged when he became an Omega, but Caesar gave people the impression that… he will take good care of Xiao Yuan and pamper Xiao Yuan. Even Mrs. Lin can see that this young man really loves her son.
Mrs. Lin was silent for a moment and finally couldn’t help but ask a question that had always been in the back of her mind: “Caesar, you and Xiao Yuan… Since you've already marked each other, you should know of his origins? Do you have any plans for his future? “
As an elder, Mrs. Lin asked Caesar’s thoughts about their future, which also proved her heart’s approval of Caesar.
Caesar gave a slight smile, looked back at Mrs. Lin, and said seriously: “Auntie, rest assured, I know everything there is to know about Xiao Yuan. He wishes to continue injecting inhibitors and attend the military academy. I will respect his decision and support him doing whatever he likes…” Caesar made a pause, “After graduation if he wants, I will officially marry him. If he doesn’t want to, then I will wait for him for however many years.”
Lin Yuan came out of the bathroom and suddenly stopped in his steps at the corner of the dining room.
“…If he wants, I will officially marry him. If he doesn’t want to, I’ll wait for him for however many years…”
Caesar’s deep voice passed clearly to his ears word by word, making the rims of Lin Yuan’s eyes suddenly sting.
He didn’t know how to describe the mood of that moment. The feeling of being understood, considered, valued, and accepted by a single person was just like his heart being carefully cradled by a pair of warm hands.
—Caesar, when you treat me like this, how could I disappoint you?
Lin Yuan took a deep breath and repressed the heat emerging from his eyes. He then tightly clenched his hands into fists and turned the corner into the dining room. He smiled in front of Caesar, saying: “Go wash your face after you're done washing, come eat breakfast.”
Caesar nodded and turned to enter the bathroom to wash his face. He looked at the clean towels and toothbrush placed on the vanity. There was even a dollop of toothpaste squeezed onto the toothbrush, warm water was poured in a cup, obviously something Lin Yuan had prepared moments ago…
Caesar always uses a smart toothbrush when he stays in the Imperial Palace. Lin Yuan 's family situation isn't well off. They still use the traditional toothbrush, but seeing Lin Yuan 's considerate preparation of everything for himself, Caesar 's heart felt like warm rays of sunshine had rained upon it.
The weather on Planet Rennes is particularly cold, but Lin Yuan's passion last night and his thoughtfulness this morning gave Caesar the illusion of being in a tropical climate.
After Caesar’s surprise visit last night, there wasn't any leftover food and today’s breakfast was especially well prepared.
In addition to the steaming hot milk and the soft yellow omelet personally crafted with Mrs. Lin's own hands, Lin Yao obviously wanted to show off her own culinary talent this morning too. She made a lot of different cakes and pastries, taking up a whole table to display them.
Lin Yuan loved to eat the cakes made by his sister and immediately ate them up without any manners, eating one mouthful at a time with great relish.
Caesar originally had no interest in sweets, but since this was something personally made by Xiao Yuan’s sister, he also ate a good few of them to outwardly show grace.
After breakfast, Lin Yao went to her cake shop, Mrs. Lin stayed at home to watch TV, and Lin Yuan dragged Caesar out to view the snowy scenery.
The two changed into thick clothing. After leaving, Lin Yuan took Caesar directly to a shopping mall. The shopping mall on Planet Rennes is extremely small. While it is called a shopping mall, it is actually more like a small shop made up of pedestrian streets. It was deserted and there weren't many people around either.
Caesar said, a bit puzzled: “What did we go to the mall for? Do you want to buy something?”
Lin Yuan nodded, “En, let's walk around and look.”
Caesar really couldn’t understand why it was necessary for Lin Yuan to take him to the mall. The amount of goods in any one of the malls in the Capital Star has the one here beat by a hundredfold.
Until Lin Yuan took Caesar to a small shop selling hats.
The shopkeeper auntie clearly recognized Lin Yuan, and when she saw Lin Yuan, she was all smiles and said: “Xiao Yuan is back, ah? Didn’t you test into that Saint… Saint whatchamacallit military academy to study? Is this for a vacation?”
Lin Yuan smiled and said: “Yes, Auntie, I just came back for a vacation.”
The shopkeeper looked at the boy next to Lin Yuan in wonder, “And this is?”
Lin Yuan said: “Oh, this is my classmate, he traveled with me here.”
For outsiders, Lin Yuan naturally dares not to say “Caesar is my Alpha”. He thought that just his family knowing was enough, there is no need to tell the whole world. Of course, Caesar has no objection to this. His relationship with Lin Yuan is not convenient for public disclosure, he completely agrees with Lin Yuan's low-key approach too.
Meeting at the shopkeeper’s gaze, Caesar nodded and smiled at her, “Hello Auntie.”
The shopkeeper spoke quickly and with enthusiasm: “Oh, so it turned out to be Xiao Yuan’s classmate. Quickly come in. What do you want to buy, look as you please!”
Lin Yuan circled around in the store as if earnestly looking for something.
Caesar said somewhat confused: “Xiao Yuan, what do you want to buy?”
Right at that moment, Lin Yuan’s eyes suddenly lit up and he made a grab for a light gray hat from the corner. He turned around and walked in front of Caesar, stood on his tippy toes, and carefully put the hat on Caesar. He looked around, then smiled cheerfully: “Not too shabby, how about you take a look?”
As he spoke, he fetched a large mirror and put it in front of Caesar.
Caesar was stunned, swiveling his head to look at himself in the mirror— the light gray hat Xiao Yuan had put on his head had a simple and elegant style. It didn't look thick, but it could retain warmth well, giving it a tug, it was just enough for him to cover his ears.
Caesar: “………”
He finally realized the reason why Lin Yuan brought him to a shopping mall.
Only because on the way to his home from the space station that day, his uncovered ears had gone red from being blasted by the frigid wind. Caesar had not cared, yet Lin Yuan had surprisingly kept it in his mind. When they went out today, he took him to a nearby shopping mall to get him a hat first thing…
Caesar was so suddenly touched that he couldn’t bear to take off the hat he had put on his head.
When Xiao Yuan wants to treat a person well, while it is that kind of blunt and serious display, simple and pure, it strikes right to the bottom of the heart.
The feeling of being cared about by Xiao Yuan made Caesar feel especially warm.
He has never worn a hat throughout his entire life, but today, he now dons this simple elegant styled hat that Lin Yuan personally selected, just like a child receiving a gift for the first time, his glee nearly makes him unable to speak.
Lin Yuan carefully looked Caesar up and down, saying: “Actually, there won't be an occasion to wear a hat after going back. It's really just these few days on Planet Rennes. If you don’t wear a hat when you go out your ears will get frostbitten… How is this color? If you think it's alright, we'll buy it? “
Caesar hurriedly smiled and said: “It’s really nice, I like it a lot.”
Lin Yuan grinned happily and went to swipe his card.
After all, Caesar is a prince. The things he usually wears are most certainly different from that of ordinary people. The things sold on Planet Rennes are definitely not as good as the Capital Star in terms of style and quality. Lin Yuan took a long time to pick one that was pleasing to the eye. He was naturally very happy that Caesar could approve of his dress sense.
The two walked out of the shopping center together. Lin Yuan eyed Caesar from the side and abruptly said: “Hold up.”
Caesar turned his head around, “What is it?”
Lin Yuan stood up on the tips of his toes and reached out to help Caesar tug the sides of his hat down, carefully tucking in both of his ears into the hat. Only then did he smile and say: “Have you never worn a hat before, ah? Half of your ears are out, are they not cold?”
The action of the little monster helping to straighten out his hat made the bottom of Caesar’s heart erupt in warmth, he couldn't help but stretch out his arms and steal a hug from him.
Lin Yuan was startled and said nervously: “What are you doing…”
Caesar tightened his arms and whispered: “Let me hug you for a second, nobody will see it anyways.”
Lin Yuan surveyed their surroundings. Today’s weather was still just as awfully cold. There really wasn't a person out in the streets this early in the morning, and moreover, no one would know Caesar in a place like Planet Rennes, all would be well so long as he doesn't run into an acquaintance.
Thinking about it like that, Lin Yuan could no longer resist and was tightly held by Caesar.
Today's snowfall was not too heavy and the air temperature was not as cold as it was last night. Bits and pieces of snowflakes dance in the air however the wind blows. The buildings in the distance and the streets in the vicinity are all covered by a thick layer of snow, it looked like the white snow stretched on for an eternity before their eyes.
Lin Yuan took Caesar’s hand and led him down the street, fearing that he would be frozen into a popsicle, and even thoughtfully put Caesar’s hand into his own pocket.
Being led by Xiao Yuan as they held hands and walked the roads, listening to him giving an introduction of the various sceneries and social customs of Planet Rennes, Caesar was very happy and the vast expanse of the whiteness of the snow scenery here looked more and more pleasing to his eyes.
In reality, Planet Rennes does not have a specially designated scenic spot, the entire planet is a world of ice and snow and you can enjoy the magnificent snowy scenery no matter where you go.
Of course, if you want to see the panoramic view of the town, you can still go to a nearby sightseeing establishment to take a suspension car.
Lin Yuan took Caesar on a suspension car tour. The sealed suspension car was like a glass ball and the scenery outside could be admired from all directions.
The two stood side by side, looking at the boundless snowfield below their feet, Lin Yuan excitedly gave an introduction: “The one up head is the
Gudao
Icefield, there isn't anyone living there, it is said that the snow there is very deep and underneath it is a thick layer of ice.”
(
TN
: Leaving it in Chinese because it doesn't make much sense in English. Gudao means Isle of Grain (corn/grain, island)… Isle of Grain Icefield… Grain Island Icefield…. Yeah, I don't think so lmao.)
“Gudao Icefield?” Caesar followed along with Lin Yuan’s introduction and looked below him. The boundless icefield stretches out very extensively and there is no end in sight at all. This is the largest icefield in the whole Empire, it's surface area even surpassed Po Military Starfield's Sherman Forest.
Seeing Lin Yuan’s excited look, Caesar couldn’t help smiling as he said: “Do you like traveling a lot?”
Lin Yuan nodded and said: “Yeah.”
Caesar suddenly held Lin Yuan 's hand gently, interlocking his fingers together, and said softly: "When there is a chance in the future, I'll take you to check out another galaxy… we'll go traveling together, how about it?"
Lin Yuan turned his head around to be met with Caesar’s deep gaze, his heart skipped a beat, and before he had time to look away, Caesar gently pinched his chin and kissed him softly.
“Mnn……”
Lin Yuan, who was given a surprise attack kiss, panicked for a moment, but quickly calmed down and shakily responded with a red face.
There are large, boundless snowfields at their feet, the snowflakes in the sky still continue falling, dancing in the breeze, and there seems to be only the purest white left between the sky and the ground. The two people hug and kiss in the suspension car unruffled by sentiment and the vast field of snow outside has become the most beautiful backdrop for their kiss.
“Mm… mmph… mn…”
A pure kiss without any lust, the gentleness and softness intoxicate one's heart.
Lin Yuan couldn’t help but wrap his arms around Caesar’s neck and opened his mouth to move with him, letting him get his fill of kissing.
There was only each other between the vast and obscure sky and ground, and Lin Yuan’s heart suddenly beat like a drum, as if— when he has Caesar with him, he has the whole world.
Lin Yuan took Caesar to see the snowy scenery for the full day and it wasn’t until half-past six when dinner time came around that the two of them came back after enjoying themselves to the fullest extent.
Despite a full day of playing around, he didn’t feel the slightest bit tired at all, he was currently in a constant state of extreme happiness and excitement. On the way back, Lin Yuan was still planning to take Caesar to the ski slopes tomorrow for skiing. Caesar also expressed his feelings of looking forward to it.
When they arrived home, Mrs. Lin was preparing dinner. Caesar took off his thick coat and hat, then took the initiative to go to the kitchen to help out. Lin Yuan also followed Caesar to help, but ended up being shooed out by Lin Yao, “You kitchen disaster, don't come cause trouble, go with Caesar to watch TV!”
Lin Yuan’s cooking skills were indeed bad, the vegetables were cut crookedly and misshapen. Being kicked out by Lin Yao, he had no other choice but to helplessly say to Caesar, “Let’s go sit in the living room for a bit.”
Lin Yuan had Caesar sit down on the sofa, switched the TV on, and turned around to pour him a cup of hot water before taking a seat beside him.
The two did not have much interest in TV series, movies, and whatnot, Lin Yuan took the remote control to mindlessly change channels, and when he switched to the Emperor's XX Department Channel, he suddenly saw a black and white funeral portrait on the screen, the announcer was right in the middle of reading a message in a serious tone—
“The head of the Glory Legion, Rosen Bessemer, the Marshal of the Empire, was met with an ambush by the Federation's Legions while leading the Glory Legion on a campaign to Naomi Star. His whereabouts had remained a mystery for many days. At eight o’clock this morning, the deputy head of the Glory Legion, Lieutenant General Kerriman, led the private guards into the cosmic wormhole and found a large quantity of mech fragment remains. The Mech Association verified that the fragments were all from Marshal Rosen 's personal mech, Black Dragon…”
“After careful investigation, the military department has confirmed that the Black Dragon’s intelligence is no more, and the Marshal piloting Black Dragon has long since been killed in the cosmic wormhole. The military department has no choice but to announce this grievous news to the people of the Empire and it has been decided that the Black Dragon’s mech wreckage will be transported back to Cepheus where a formal military ceremony will be held for the Marshal in three days time…”
On the screen was the image of Black Dragon's remains. The scene the 3D lens shot was extremely lifelike. In the mass of black mech wreckage was a splash of gold— naturally, it was Black Dragon's eyes, the originally dazzling gold had grown dull and lightless from being coated in the cosmic dust.
A bulk of mech wreckage was loaded on a large carrier vehicle and was set to be transported to Cepheus.
The senior officers of the Glory Legion were neatly arranged in a row, giving the military salute towards the remains of the Black Dragon. The black ramrod-straight military uniforms make the soldiers look very tall and upright, but their faces are nevertheless grim.
The stifling atmosphere of the scene was like a silent burial.
Lin Yuan’s ears were buzzing and he couldn’t understand what the announcer was talking about. He sat stiffly on the sofa, the remote control in his hand dropped to the ground with a crack.
Caesar looked at Xiao Yuan’s pale face, the pain of his heart being broken into pieces nearly made him crazy.
He had lied to Xiao Yuan, saying that he could not reach the Marshal because the destruction of the space station had affected the signal. He thought that the Marshal was only temporarily missing for all this time, and the Hydra Legion would definitely find the Marshal…
How could the Marshal have lost his life? How could he have reached this kind of end?!
Looking at the funeral portrait of the man on the screen, Caesar’s entire heart seized— he didn’t know how to face Lin Yuan. Lin Yuan's appearance as he stared blankly at the TV made his heart shatter until it couldn't be shattered anymore.
Caesar took a deep breath and ultimately held Lin Yuan’s hand gently, whispering: “Xiao Yuan…”
Before he could utter a word of comfort, Lin Yuan’s hand slightly trembled, turned his head around, and suddenly fell into Caesar’s arms, burying his head into his chest.
Caesar immediately tightened the hug and gently stroked his hair.
Lin Yuan 's tears suddenly poured down, like turning a faucet being turned on, the scalding hot tears continued to roll down his cheeks, quickly soaking the sweater on Caesar 's chest…
Seeing the always optimistic and lively little monster throwing himself into his arms and noiselessly weeping, he felt his terrible sadness and his body's violent trembles. Caesar felt so pained that he couldn’t even say a word of comfort.
(
TN
: Specially dedicated to Maddy who donated some Kofi to me, thank you so much, I really wasn’t expected it. I didn’t read the notification until a few days ago or I would have definitely thrown aside my schoolwork sooner to get this chapter out lol!)
Chapter 99: Unprecedented Incident
Lin Yuan didn’t know how he should express his sadness. Looking at the black and white funeral portrait on the TV screen, the man in the photo held a solemn expression, his gaze was frigid and composed. To the naked eye, he seemed hard to approach, only Lin Yuan knew how warm of a person he really was.
—Rosen Bessemer, his biological father.
He had once hugged him, saying: Son, Father will protect you, I won’t let you suffer any more grievances.
He once looked at him tenderly, saying: Xiao Yuan, I will bring your dad back. A day will come when our family of three will reunite.
Before going off into battle, he even smiled and said to him: Don't worry.
Such a strong, warm, and comforting father is now buried in a cosmic wormhole. There wasn’t a single bone of him left, the only thing left behind was the mass of splintered mech remains, which was to be transported back to the Capital Star and buried by the military.
—Father and son had just gotten to know each other not too long ago and he himself had not even called him father more than 10 times.
—How can he just leave like this?
—Dad’s whereabouts are still unknown, has this so-called day for this family of three’s reunion been turned into nothing but a pipe dream just like that?
Lin Yuan buried his face in Caesar's arms and silently wept bitter tears.
He had never shed this many tears before in his entire life, but he couldn't hold any back.
The pain of losing a most treasured loved one can't be described with any normal words. His tears rushed out like roaring streams of water, his vision blurred, and no words were able to leave his throat as if it was blocked off.
Only tears can be used to drain his sadness dry.
As Lin Yuan wept in his arms, Caesar gently caressed his hair over and over again, he wasn’t even able to say the compelling line of "Don’t cry"— because he knew for Lin Yuan to vent his emotions, crying was the best way.
Although Caesar hasn’t personally experienced the pain of losing a close relative, if it was his mother or father who had been met with misfortune, Caesar believed that… he himself may not be able to hold back his tears
Not to mention Xiao Yuan.
He had greatly admired the Marshal ever since he was a child and it hadn’t even been that long since he got to know the Marshal. This tragic news was like shattering the world they had just built into pieces.
After the happiness of the father and son meeting each other, the pain of parting was even stronger.
Finding out that Rosen is his father, then having his father die, that is even more saddening than never having a father at all.
Under Caesar’s patient placation, Lin Yuan's mood leveled out and while his tears had stopped, the reddened rims of his eyes appeared pitiful.
Seeing the appearance of the little monster's red eyes, Caesar couldn't help but stretch out his hand in distress, gently helping him to wipe the remaining tears stains off his face, saying softly: "Xiao Yuan, you go take a minute in the bedroom… I’m going to talk with your mother over there…"
Lin Yuan nodded and moved towards his bedroom with his head down.
His current state is clearly not in the right mindset for eating dinner, but if Mrs. Lin grows aware, it will become even more troublesome.
Caesar sent Lin Yuan back to his bedroom and then turned to the kitchen. Mrs. Lin hurriedly said with a smile, "Caesar, are you guys hungry? The food is ready, we’ll get to serving it right away."
Caesar said: "Auntie, Xiao Yuan is feeling unwell. He went back to his room to get some rest. He won’t be having dinner with us. I’ll save him a bit to eat and bring it to him later."
Mrs. Lin stared blankly for a while and worriedly saying: "Feeling unwell? What's wrong with him?"
Caesar said: "He caught a cold when we went out today. You can rest assured that I had him take some medicine and go lay down."
Seeing Caesar's face was serious and being that her son's health was always very good, catching a cold couldn’t be considered a serious illness. Mrs. Lin felt relieved and served all the dishes with Lin Yao, the three of them started dinner.
At seven o'clock in the evening, the Empire’s national news channel once again solemnly reported the news of the Marshal's sacrifice.
Mrs. Lin looked at the funeral portrait on the screen, startled, and said in wonder: "Why does this person seem a bit familiar?"
Lin Yao said, "Mom, did you forget? That one instructor who came to our house that one time looks a bit like the Marshal." After a pause, she bemoaned, "It's truly a pity that our Empire lost such a good Marshal."
Mrs. Lin also sighed and said: "This is just how it is on a battlefield, you are liable to lose your life at any moment."
Listening to the mother and daughter's comments, Caesar's mood grew particularly mixed— towards the masses, the Marshal's sacrifice may be regrettable or saddening, but the only one who would find it painful upon finding out is Lin Yuan.
Because Rosen wasn't just the Marshal of the Empire or the peoples’ idol, he was also his biological father, their connections running deeper than the blood in their veins.
Knowing that Lin Yuan wanted to have some alone time, Caesar would give him enough time to collect himself.
After having dinner with Mrs. Lin and Lin Yao and waiting for the mother and daughter to return to their respective rooms to rest, Caesar gathered some of the food specially reserved for Lin Yuan and turned to enter Lin Yuan's room.
Lin Yuan was sitting on his bedside, staring at something solemnly with his head hung low.
Caesar came up to his side and sat down, only to realize— in his hands, Lin Yuan held the electronic notebook that Rosen had personally given him in the mech training room— written in the notebook was a plethora of mech operation techniques, each and every line was written by Rosen himself, for many of the pointers, there were even clarifying annotations attentively written down. His handwriting was as neat as if it had been typed out.
It was these personally written notes that allowed Lin Yuan’s level of mech operation to gain a significant leap. He even rose above others during the school competition and obtained the qualifications to represent the school in the national mecha competition.
Even right up until this moment, Lin Yuan was unable to accept such a cruel reality.
Father has died, this notebook is the only remnant he had left for him.
The fingers clutching the electronic notebook looked white from his too forceful grip. Thinking of how not too long before, that man had personally coached him hidden within Black Dragon’s control cabin, Lin Yuan felt as if a knife was being driven in his heart.
As soon as he saw this notebook, Caesar knew what Lin Yuan was thinking of.
Back then, the scene of the father and son operating mech in battle from inside the mech training room was fresh in his mind, thinking about it now, however, it feels as if it was worlds away. As an observer, Caesar is the one who can understand Lin Yuan's pain the best.
Seeing Lin Yuan's despondent head drooping down, Caesar couldn't help but stretch out his hand, gently holding the back of Lin Yuan's hand, and the other hand tenderly pulled him into his arms and whispered, "Cry when you’re sad, don’t hold it in…"
Lin Yuan did not cry, but instead put the notebook in his hand down and reached out to tightly hug Caesar back.
In the time of his greatest pain, only Caesar's embrace made him feel a touch of warmth.
Only after a good while did Lin Yuan whisper: "I just looked it up online. The military department’s official website has given a detailed explanation of Father’s death. He was drawn into a cosmic wormhole a month ago. There isn’t a single person who could bear the force of the spatial shocks, both he and Black Dragon have… been compressed into pieces by the spatial shocks…"
Detecting Lin Yuan ’s tremors, Caesar could only patiently, as well as tenderly, lightly stroke his back.
Lin Yuan took a deep breath and stabilized his emotions. He then looked up at Caesar and said in full earnest: "Caesar, I want to go back to Cepheus, even if I can’t attend the service as his son, I should at least go to his tomb. I can’t even find out where his body is…"
Caesar went quiet for a moment, then immediately nodded in understanding, "Okay, I'll accompany you there. I'll help you arrange this."
Lin Yuan nodded and tightly hugged Caesar again.
In his most despairing and helpless time, it is already the most fortunate thing for him to have Caesar by his side.
Lin Yuan didn't have a single bite that night. Although the dishes sent by Caesar were delicious, he had no appetite.
Lin Yuan was in a despondent mood and felt not a tad bit sleepy. Caesar had been chatting with him from the get-go, the two of them couldn't get to sleep the whole night.
In the early hours of the morning, Caesar's communicator suddenly dinged and special platinum-gold cryptographic numbers formed a complex pentagonal shape, which naturally came from the Imperial Palace’s ciphertext.
Caesar immediately locked the door and switched the communicator on—
Surprisingly, it was Berg Wang Shu who appeared on the screen. Berg was wearing a neatly-pressed green military uniform, the military cap he wore covered half of his face, but Caesar recognized him at a glance, saying in surprise: "Wang Shu?"
Berg nodded and said sharply: "Caesar, take Xiao Yuan to Planet Oman and rendezvous with Brian right away. There will be someone to meet up with you there. Also, tell Xiao Yuan that his father is not dead… The two of you, come and meet me at Naomi Star together, as soon as possible!"
Lin Yuan's eyes widened in shock, "M-My father isn’t dead?! What's going on?"
For him, this news is undoubtedly a shift from hell to heaven. He didn’t know Berg, but since Caesar called this man
Wang Shu
, what this person said certainly carries a lot of weight!
(
TN
: Wang Shu- Royal Uncle.)
Berg said: "Xiao Yuan, I don't have much time to explain to you, go to Planet Oman to find and meet up with Brian immediately."
Although Caesar's heart was also matchlessly shocked, he had been groomed as the heir to the throne from a child and leveled out his thoughts regardless. He nodded and said: "I understand, Wang Shu, we will set off at once."
Berg nodded and hung up the communicator quite bluntly. He also seemed to be tucked away in some corner, secretly sending messages, obviously the situation was quite grave. Although Caesar did not know what happened, he was keenly aware of an immense looming crisis.
Caesar put away the communicator, turned to hold Lin Yuan's hand, and whispered: "I'll tell your mother and sister that we're going to go back to school. Hurry and pack your bags. We will be leaving in ten minutes.
Lin Yuan nodded in response, "Okay!"
At this time, Oman Planet.
Brian has been living in the little house SNow had rented out for these past two days.
The area of ​​the house is very small and the small space of more than 20 square meters is broken into a small bedroom, bathroom and kitchen. It is difficult for Brian to imagine that Snow has been living all by himself in such a place for all these years.
No parents, no relatives, Snow only had himself to rely on to support himself for the five years from the age of 13 to 18. He has worked odd jobs in various shops. With the help of the meager savings Dr. Wald had set aside and his pair of little dexterous hands, the small child scraped by.
Let alone the fact that he was an Omega, giving him constant worries about his identity being discovered all the while maintaining his livelihood.
The reason why Snow chose to test into St. Romia Military Academy was also very simple— although this school has the highest enrollment score, there were tuition exemptions and living subsidies for the orphans like him who can’t even afford tuition fees, testing into this school was the only way for him to take the next step.
In order to be admitted to this school's medical school, Snow worked himself to his bones. The tiny quarters did not have a study, there was only a simple and crude hand-made bookshelf beside the bed made up of cardboard boxes. The shelves were filled with all kinds of books and exam prep materials…
Brian looked at the rudimentary bookshelf and felt so much pity, he didn’t know what to say.
When he first saw Snow, he was attracted by Snow's delicate and pretty appearance and the kind of indifferent pridefulness he exuded. He even thought that Snow's pridefulness was because his family situation was too well-off, believing that everyone else was beneath them. It wasn’t until this very moment that Brian truly realized that Snow’s coldness and detachment towards others were because he had gotten used to using an ice-cold outer shell as a defense mechanism.
The so-called indifference and arrogance were only to protect himself and nothing more…
Today, accompanying Snow to sweep Dr. Wald's grave, sensing Snow's low mood, Brian was endlessly distressed.
Brian could hardly imagine how much hardship Little Snow had gone through in order to strenuously provide for himself with his own two hands after Dr. Wald's passing…
Looking at Snow ’s humble abode and cardboard bookcase crammed full of medical books, a crazed thought suddenly formed in Brian’s mind— to carefully protect this person, protect him in his arms, and never let him receive the slightest bit of harm again.
The strong possessiveness and protective desire of an Alpha’s nature reached its peak at this moment.
Looking at the youth in front of him, it seemed that even the blood in his body would boil.
Snow, in his heart, was actually feeling very uncomfortable. This little room has been a secret he buried in the bottom of his heart, stowed with the entirety of his youth and dreams. Now bringing Brian back here, it was like uncovering his innermost secrets and scars for Brian to observe.
Snow felt that Brian most definitely couldn’t accustom himself to this. After all, it was small and cold here, it was totally incomparable to the ginormous residence of the Bayh Family.
He originally wanted Brian to go to the hotel. Unexpectedly, Brian not only did not turn his back to it but was instead quite happily insisting on staying here. Brian, who could still be regarded as upright and well-behaved, suddenly used "too cold" as an excuse to honorably and justly hold Snow tightly in his embrace.
Sensing that the youth in his arms stiffened in a moment's pause, Brian gently touched his back, lowly calling to him: "Snow."
Snow responded awkwardly: "…what is it?"
Brian tightened up his arms and with a soft tone, said: "I never would have thought that you would have gone through so much before…"
Snow rushed to cut him off, "That’s all in the past, there’s no need to sympathize with me."
Brian smiled and kissed Snow's forehead, pressing up against his lips, his said: "It's not sympathy… I want to say, no matter what you have gone through in the past— from now on, you’ll have me at your side."
Snow: "………"
Brian said: "I will never leave you, even if you drive me away, I’ll stick myself to you."
Snow: "………"
Looking up at Brian, this usually very improper and unruly boy, the expression in his eyes was incomparably earnest, earnest enough to make Snow's heart fall into sudden trembles.
—From now on, you’ll have me at your side.
—I will never leave you.
Two simple sentences actually made him feel warmer than an "I love you".
Yes, the sticky candy that he couldn’t get rid of that always follows after him. Snow no longer worries about himself being alone anymore.
In times of coldness, there is such a person to hold him.
Coming back home in the dead of night, there will be such a person dedicatedly waiting for him with the lights on.
What could be rarer than this sincerity?
Snow remained silent for a long time, before finally lowering his eyes, gently returning Brian’s embrace, nestled his face into his chest, and quietly said: "En."
Brian smiled, pleasantly surprised: "What does that mean? Is that you saying you’ve decided to accept me? While we’re on the topic, it seems you’ve never said that you like me before, Snow, in reality, you have me in your heart too, don’t you? You’re just too shy to say it… mmn… "
To prevent Brian from going down another tirade, Snow straightforwardly lifted his head and kissed him gently.
Brian's words were interrupted by a kiss, the cool touch on his lips made his heart suddenly blaze with a raging fire.
It was evident that Snow did not know how to kiss, but he simply kissed Brian on his lips then withdrew back with his ears flushed red. Brian naturally wasn’t about to let him go, he extended his arms and wrapped them around his waist, seizing the opportunity to enthusiastically kiss him back.
If it were not for this place being too shabby and cold, Snow couldn’t have been so rushed for his first time. Brian really wanted to eat this bashfully spontaneous Snow up… Unfortunately, for now, he can only kiss him and touch him a bit to parch his thirst.
The kisses grew more and more impassioned, Brain's hand snaked its way into Snow's clothes, running down his smooth abdomen, he pulled the bands of his underwear open, and lightly grasped that sensitive place with his hand.
Snow's body suddenly stiffened, his breathing grew heavier as his face flushed red, "Mnn… don't, don't touch… mnn…"
Brian kissed him as he used his hand to stroke there, feeling that sensitive place gradually growing larger in his hand, there was even a nice faint blush on Snow's face and Brian put even more effort into his motions.
That sensitive area that has never been touched by anyone before, being skillfully tugged and stroked, the feeling of his body being played with was extremely shameful, but the strong pleasure that rose from the base of his spine nearly burned away his consciousness…
The originally cold room gradually heated up, there was a layer of sweat forming on Snow's back.
Snow rigidly grabbed Brian's hand, "Brian … let, let go… don't do it, mnn…"
Snow usually has very little sexual urges and his body's reaction is so sensitive that its light pink color makes one itch to put it in their mouth. Brian gave it a thought, he then bluntly released the grip on his hand, squeezed into the quilt, and directly wrapped his mouth around his erection.
"Ah……"
The sound of his rushed breaths was like music to his ears.
Brian sucked Snow with his mouth and noticing Snow's unceasing trembles, the happiness swelling in the bottom of his heart pushed him to work even harder, and his tongue lightly licked along the contour of his length, even the hole on his sensitive tip wasn’t forgotten, he didn’t neglect to massage the round sacs at the base either…
"Ah… mmph… Bri-Brian… ah…"
Snow didn't expect this at all. He just took the initiative to kiss him in order to shut him up, he didn’t expect to end up with these kinds of consequences.
The strong sense of shame of being brought pleasure by the other’s mouth, mixed with the unfamiliar sensation in his body, repeatedly eroded away the sense of imminent danger approaching the walls of his rationality.
The moment when Brian sucked particularly hard, Snow's mind suddenly went blank, his body fell into a fit of violent shudders and he came all into Brian's mouth.
In this instant, a loud noise rang in his ear all the while—
The poor little wooden bed finally could not bear their combined weight and after a burst of creaking sounds, it collapsed with a bang.
Snow: "………"
Brian: "………"
The two of them fell to the ground and with their eyes widened.
In response to his little wooden bed being crushed, Snow's face abruptly went red, embarrassed to the point not knowing what to do.
Brian licked the white residue on his lips clean, all with a smile. He pressed a kiss to Snow's lips and said: "I’m sorry that your bed is broken… One of these days, I’ll buy you a new one."
Snow: "………"
Snow, who bore himself under the quilt in embarrassment, saw a different kind of cuteness in Brian's eyes.
Stretching out his long arms and hugging the quilt, Brian said happily: "I will buy you a little bit nicer double bed."
Right at this moment, the communicator suddenly rang.
Brian looked at Berg on the screen and froze in place, "Dad?"
Berg glanced at his son insipidly and said: "Brian, Caesar and Xiao Yuan will be coming to rendezvous with you very soon. I will arrange for someone to provide backup, I’ll give you ten minutes to reach the address I’m giving you… "
Berg typed out the address and bluntly hung up the communicator altogether.
Brian looked at the address, suddenly dumbfounded—
After less than two days of having alone time with Snow, his dad is sending two super-large
light bulbs
in the form of Caesar and the little monster over to rendezvous?
(
TN
: Third-wheels)
Despite being a bit depressed in his heart, Berg’s grave expression was obviously not kidding around. Brian was forced to lift the quilt off, pull the blushing Snow from the bed, and swiftly find him a set of clean clothes, saying: "Quickly put these on. Caesar and Lin Yuan are coming, it seems like something happened, we are going to go meet up with them."
Snow says no more and changes his clothes as quickly as possible.
Brian was just about to turn and go out, but Snow suddenly caught him and whispered: "You…"
Brian asked in confusion: "What's wrong with me?"
Snow blushed and pointed to the corner of Brian's mouth.
Brian came to an understanding and stuck his tongue out to lick the white residue on his lips clean, leaning into Snow's ear, he said, "This is your taste…"
Snow went red in the face and ruthlessly beat him with his fist: "Don’t say anything!"
Snow was unavoidably ashamed into anger and Brian wasted no time and cleverly shut his mouth. He took Snow's hand all smiles and led him to the place designated by his father.
Chapter 100: Rendezvous
Lin Yuan hastily said goodbye to his mother and sister under the pretext of "having an urgent matter to go back to school for." At 1 a.m., there was no passenger spacecraft coming and going from Planet Rennes and Planet Oman. Caesar simply took Lin Yuan into White Feather's control cabin and the two took White Feather straight to Planet Oman.
Snow and Brian soon reached the coordinates designated by Berg, the two looked at the building in front of them couldn't help but freeze in place— there was not a person in sight in this place, it seemed exceedingly hidden and desolate, the three-story building had stood under both rain and shine to the extent that even the coloring was indistinguishable, even the corners were covered with a sea of large cobwebs. Clearly, this place was uninhabited.
Why did Dad choose this as the rendezvous spot?
Brian checked the coordinates sent by Berg again in doubt and once more confirmed that they were correct. He then turned back to Snow and said: "What is this place, you got any clue?"
After all, Snow grew up on Planet Oman, Brian only asked him just to chance it, but unexpectedly, as soon as his words came out, Snow’s complexion immediately went white and he took a step forward with a complicated expression on his face. Facing the towering metal door that was nearly taken with rust, he softly tapped his right index finger on the fingerprint sensor—
A shocking scene followed suit—
He saw the heavy metal door creak open little by little in front of Snow!
The rusty door let out a wailing shriek when it opened and in the wake of the door opening, a quiet corridor that stretched down into darkness now appeared in front of them. There was not a sliver of light in the corridor. The pitch-black corridor was like the bloody maw of a beast, waiting outstretched as if biding its time to ruthlessly engulf everything inside without a single morsel left behind.
An unwelcoming chill climbed up his spine and Brian immediately took Snow's hand and said in a low voice: "Don't go in first."
Snow kept silent for a moment and then said softly: "…it's alright, I recognize this place. This is Uncle Wald's underground laboratory. Back when I was a kid, it was here… he kept me frozen for five years."
Brian froze, seeing Snow's pale complexion, he immediately gave his hand a tight squeeze, “We should still tread with a bit of caution… I'll walk in front, you follow behind me." Brian pointed to the space button on his wrist and ordered: "Little Blue, turn on the detection system and lead the way."
Little Blue obediently responded: "Got it, Master!"
A blue light shone from the space button on Brian's wrist, illuminating the dark corridor.
Brian held Snow's hand tightly and guided him down the never-ending corridor.
As soon as the two took the first steps in, the door behind them slammed shut. Brian paused, asking Snow in a low voice: "You used to stay here, are there any hidden contraptions in this laboratory that need to be taken note of?"
Brian had heard that when some secret laboratories are invaded by outsiders, the smart control center will automatically enable the hidden contraptions, releasing poisonous gas or detonate the laboratory, thereby destroying the experimental data and within that, annihilating the intruders. He’s never been to this place before, so he naturally has to be all the more on his toes.
Seeing Brian's tense appearance, Snow wasted no time in quietly saying: "Don't worry, this is Uncle Wald's secret laboratory for researching organ transplantation. In the many years following his death, no one has come here. Your dad chose this for our rendezvous, the people coming in for backup should be people of the Undercurrent. Apart from being Uncle Wald’s laboratory, this place is also a stronghold for the members of the Undercurrent Organization residing on Planet Oman."
Only then did Brian nod his head at ease and led Snow forward.
In the quiet space, only the light cast by the mech lights up the area in front of them, everything else is completely dark. The footsteps of the two distinctly echoed back to their ears, forming a tense melody with the rising and falling of their hearts beating…
After walking down the long corridor for a long time, it finally came to an end. Snow used his fingerprint to open the metal door in front of them— surprisingly, the lights in this laboratory were actually lit, the bright incandescent light exposed the laboratory’s inner furnishings clear as day. A large number of testing instruments exude a cold luster under the light, and some human organ models are placed in the surrounding transparent glass display windows.
In the center of the laboratory, there is a transparent cryogenic freezing pod more than one meter long.
Seeing that cryptogenic freezing pod, a sudden stiffness wracked his spine. The memories of being frozen as a child emerged from the depths of his mind. An ice-cold chill gradually rose from the bottom of his feet and spread throughout his whole body, like he had regressed back to those five years of lost consciousness and being drowned in freezing cold nutrient fluid.
Brian noticed his abnormal response and immediately stretched out his arms, gently hugged him close, and spoke in a hushed tone: "Don't be afraid, it's all in the past."
Snow buried his face in Brian ’s warm arms and took a deep breath. Then he raised his head and said: “It ’s alright… I spent five years in this lab when I was a kid, for now, it’s a bit… too hard to adapt, that’s all." Snow took a sweeping glance around the laboratory and changed the topic, "The lights are on, someone should have already been here. Could it be who your dad sent to help us?"
Right at this moment, the door of a partitioned off area in the laboratory was suddenly opened and a young man came out of it— only seeing that the man’s figure was thin, his terribly messy hair seemed to have not been taken care of in a long time, and every article of clothing on his body was also wrinkled, his slovenly appearance looked very dismal… His exceptionally clear and bright eyes, however, stick out like a sore thumb with his disordered style of dress.
Even more ridiculous was that this man seems to be an Omega…
Although due to the injection of inhibitors, his pheromone smelled a lot like Beta, it was also similar to an Omega. Snow could vaguely pick up the Omega scent on his body. Moreover, all of the members of the Undercurrent are Omega, Snow can determine the identity of the other party.
Snow gave him a glance and said: "Hello, is Uncle Berg the one having you meet up with us here?"
When the young man saw the two, he looked distracted before he quickly responded, saying with a light chuckle: "That’s right, you’re Ling Feng’s son, Snow, was it? Didn’t you live in the underground city for a year when you were little? Even seeing you now… I didn't expect you to grow so much."
Snow stared blankly for a moment, and asked in suspicion: "Are you…"
The young man scratched his messy hair and smiled as he said: "I'm Dave."
Only then did Snow recall, in that year when dad took him back to live in the underground city, he did indeed meet an Omega named Dave, he seemed to be a mech making master, very talented in the mech manufacturing field. This person's character was eccentric. He studied mechs from dusk to dawn, where he would often neglect sleep and forget to eat. He also couldn’t be bothered to tidy up his hair, always giving people the misconception of being deranged.
Snow looked at the man in front of him, just as sloppy of an appearance as before, and couldn't help but smile, saying: "Uncle Dave, I remember you."
Dave very happily reached out and touched Snow's hair: "Little Snow, you’re still so obedient after growing up. Is your dad still doing well?"
Snow nodded and said: "He's doing very well."
The two chatted and tossed Brian off to the side. There seems to be a strange intimate Omega on Omega aura, making it so that Brian, who is an Alpha, can't even butt in and can only sourly stand beside him without saying a word.
After a while had gone by, there was another noise outside the door, Caesar and Lin Yuan walked in together.
Brian saw Caesar and hurried over to him and said: "Caesar, my dad suddenly summoned us to meet up with each other. What the hell is going on?"
Caesar whispered: "Have you not seen the news? The news just announced the Marshal's death, but Uncle told us that the Marshal hasn’t died… I don't know the specific circumstances either, he had us rendezvous to make our way over to Naomi Star and find him."
Brian turned back and looked at Snow in surprise. He and Snow really hadn’t seen the news in these past two days. Unexpectedly, in just two short days, the world outside had already gone to hell.
Seeing Lin Yuan's despondent appearance with his head drooping down, Snow rushed over in front of him, holding his hand in distress.
Lin Yuan looked up at his brother and feigned an undisturbed smile as he said: "It's okay, I believe my father must still be alive."
Snow lightly patted Lin Yuan's hand to show comfort.
Caesar looked back at the strange young man and said: "Are you the one Wang Shu sent to meet us?"
Dave nodded and said: "Correct, little prince, my name is Dave. We’ll set off as soon as everyone is gathered."
Lin Yuan wondered aloud: "Who else are we waiting on?"
At this moment, two men walked in one after the other. One of them was a bit rounded, with a gentle smile on his face, and the other looked a bit on the lazy side, but he donned a dark blue, well-ironed, military uniform.
Seeing these two, Lin Yuan's eyes widened in shock: "Master! Uncle Fornt, why are you here?"
It was Dr. Fornt and Lieutenant Colonel Zhou Yi who had walked in one behind the other.
Zhou Yi saw Lin Yuan and immediately reached out, firmly rubbing his apprentice's hair, saying with a smile: "Fornt and I received a notice from Berg that the General is now missing and we can't hide it away any longer. "
Lin Yuan said in shock: "General…?"
Fornt explained with a smile: "Xiao Yuan, in fact, Master Zhou Yi and I are both former soldiers of the Dark Night Legion. Back when the General left, he entrusted us with taking care of you on Planet Rennes. Zhou Yi took you as his disciple and trained your body in the martial arts, these were also the General’s instructions."
Lin Yuan: "…………"
No wonder Uncle Fornt and Master Zhou Yi have always been so kind to him, it was as if they were looking after their own sons.
—It turns out that this was set up by Ling Yu.
Thinking of the man who once held himself in his arms and tenderly fed him, Lin Yuan ’s nose suddenly soured— With his dad being a General, he may have been forced to leave his young self for other reasons, but dad never forgot him and even arranged to have such highly trusted subordinates around him to put their hearts and souls into teaching him and taking care of him.
Lin Yuan longed to see his dad for so many years but never even consider that maybe his dad never truly left his side.
Seeing the little guy’s touched appearance, his eyes moistening, Zhou Yi couldn't help but openly smile, patting Lin Yuan's head lightly, and said, "Don't get all touchy-feely now, your dad's whereabouts are currently unknown, we gotta find him pronto."
Lin Yuan froze for a moment, "Missing? Shouldn't there be a go-between connection between you and dad?"
Zhou Yi said helplessly: "It was true that we were in contact before, but now, our connection has been cut off and we don't know where the General is. Prince Berg sent a message to have a rendezvous with you here out of nowhere… We don't know the specific circumstances, let’s talk it over again when we see him."
Lin Yuan hastily nodded, looked back at Dave, saying: "Can we go?"
Dave scratched his head and said: "Everyone is here, so let's get going."
Dave went straight to summoning a large-scale transport mech, which was a work he too personally crafted. Although the offense system is not on the same level as the formidable power of an S-Class mech, the navigation speed and transportation ability of this mech is not too far off than that of an S-Class mech.
Everyone stood in the control cabin. After a moment of silence, Zhou Yi aimed a look at Caesar and asked Lin Yuan, "This is?"
Lin Yuan rushed to give an introduction: "Master, he is the young prince, Caesar."
Zhou Yi oh’d, showing disinterest towards the young prince.
A drop of cold sweat suddenly rolled down Caesar's forehead. Fortunately, Xiao Yuan had learned well, so he didn't directly introduce him as "this is my Alpha". If not, with this Master's frank temper and deft hand, whether or not he will chop Caesar up into bits was up to chance.
After repeatedly going through space jumps, they all finally reached the Isville Galaxy at 10 pm the next day.
Not long ago, the chaos of war at the Naomi Star Space Station on the outermost edge of the Isville Galaxy in ruins. Now, the space station had gone through emergency repairs. Stemming from the fear of the Federation troops making a comeback, the Glory Legion dispatched many soldiers to patrol to and fro, the entire space station was heavily guarded, not even a fly could make its way through.
Dave had the mech stay outside the galaxy and rung up his personal communicator, getting in touch with Berg.
Berg was currently situated at the encampment of the Hydra Legion on Naomi Star, still disguised as a soldier beside Drew, wearing a trim dark green military uniform with a mask on his face.
Seeing everyone in the control cabin, Berg was relieved and said in a quiet voice: "Dave, is everyone here? At 1 in the morning, the patrol staff of the Naomi Star Space Fortress will be replaced. When the moment comes, Drew will think of a way to make a racket over at the space station. You will take the opportunity to pass through the space fortress and fly directly to the coordinates I specified."
Berg sent the position the coordinate to Dave, lowering his voice, he said: "This is the Dark Night Legion’s underground military base on Naomi Star. Please contact me after you arrive."
Dave quickly nodded and said: "Got it, Boss!"
Brian nervously walked in front of the communicator, wanting to ask him something. Berg glanced at his son and said softly: "Don't ask too many questions, I will explain everything to you when the time comes."
He hung up the communicator right after he spoke.
Caesar could not help but wrinkle his brow— it seems that Naomi Star is already under the supervision of the military, and the back and forth communication signals will be filtered by the defense network of the military. The special communication ciphertext Berg and Dave are using is clearly coming through the Undercurrent. The coding skillfully evaded the defense network's interception, it was inconvenient to say much, seemingly because it would be discovered by the military defense network in time.
The Hydra Legion and the Glory Legion are both stationed at Naomi Star… Just what is it that happened here?
This mech made by Dave has the most powerful anti-detection system. Thus, it will be no easy task for the military ’s detection system to sense this mech, while this mech can scan and monitor the scene of the space station, and project the current image to the 3D screen in front of them in real-time.
Everyone was waiting for the arrival of 1:00 a.m. at the border of the Isville Galaxy.
Because of the tense mood, no one said a word, only staring silently at the scene being monitored on the projection screen.
The hour hand finally pointed at 1 o'clock in the morning, and the space station of Naomi Star suddenly burst into a dazzling expanse of fire—
This is it!
Dave immediately piloted the mech and made a long-distance space jump the moment the space station exploded. The strong airflow caused a sudden fit of violent vibrations in the mech's control cabin, everyone inside the control cabin had their brains rattled!
When the shaking stopped, everyone was surprised to find that the mech had actually penetrated the atmosphere and landed on Naomi Star. Moreover, the location where they landed was precisely the coordinate sent by Berg— not a hairsbreadth off!
Brian looked at Dave in shock, completely unable to imagine that this sloppy Omega was so talented in mech piloting…
At this moment, a large crack split open on the landing point’s surface, like a beast with a gaping mouth, swallowing this large-mech mech whole— the time taken from beginning to end did not exceed ten seconds! In just ten short seconds, the ground immediately closed, the surrounding forest was quiet, and occasionally the cries of the wild wolves could be heard as if nothing had happened at all.
Naomi Star, the underground military base.
Everyone's mech was carried by a large lift, set safely down on the ground.
Opening the cabin door, a row of soldiers wearing dark blue military uniforms came into sight, neatly arranged in a row. When everyone came out of the control cabin, a clear voice suddenly yelled out: "Salute!"
With a swish, the uniform military salute made Lin Yuan startled and he hurriedly responded with the most proper military salute of the military school students.
Zhou Yi walked over with a smile, and gave a grinning soldier a bone-crushing hug, then gave him a firm pat on the shoulder.
The man that was also smiling said: "Lieutenant Colonel Zhou Yi, it’s been a long time since we last saw each other."
—The former battalion commander of the Dark Night Legion’s Personal Guard Battalion, Lieutenant Colonel Zhou Yi, after leaving for many years, he finally came back to his Dark Night Legion once again.
The Dark Night Legion as it is now is less than one-tenth of the size as it was in the past, and the Personal Guard Battalion has lost even more people. However, every single one out of those who remained is the cream of the crop who are willing to swear their allegiance to Ling Yu to death. Being regarded as brothers, being regarded as his hands and feet.
They have been lying dormant here for many years, finally waiting for the day they can see the light of a new day breaking through the clouds.
Shaking hands with an iron grip with Zhou Yi was Commander Errol, who was highly trusted by Ling Yu and was once the commander of the Dark Night Legion’s Vanguard Battalion.
After saying hello to several friends, Zhou Yi pulled Lin Yuan over and introduced him to the crowd: "This is the General's son, Xiao Yuan."
Having everyone’s gaze projected on Lin Yuan, made Lin Yuan a bit nervous all of a sudden. Errol stepped forward and smiled, saying: "Xiao Yuan, don’t be nervous. Most of us have met you before. Back when you were four years old, I even fed you your snacks."
A group of people laughed, "Xiao Yuan was plump when he was a kid, how come he is so thin when he’s all grown up?"
Someone inquisitively says: "His eyes are really like our General’s."
Someone raised an eyebrow and said: "No kidding, the General's son certainly looks like him."
Lin Yuan, who was surrounded by a group of people, blushed suddenly. Every single one of these high ranking officers in his dad's legion was straight-tempered and didn’t bother with niceties…
Right then, Berg came from another side passage.
Brian saw him and hurriedly went over: "Dad …"
Caesar also greeted him, "Wang Shu, this is all…"
Berg said with a smile: "You guys can come with me, I will explain to you in detail."
Zhou Yi and Fornt went back to reminisce with their old pals from the Dark Night Legion. Dave went to examine mechs. The four youths were taken by Berg to the closed conference room of the underground base.
Only after turning back to close the door, did Berg say: "The reason why I am sure that Marshal Rosen is not dead is that the mech fragments found in the cosmic wormhole by the Hydra Legion do not belong to Black Dragon, but instead, they belong to the Black Dragon's replica body."
Lin Yuan's eyes widened in shock, and a frightful thought lightly clawed its way up from the bottom of his heart: "Replica body? So, when Dad fled from Cepheus, he wasn't piloting Black Dragon’s original body…?"
Berg nodded with a smile. "That’s right, the mech that your dad was piloting when he left was the Black Dragon’s replica. I made it for him myself. I checked all the mech fragments found in the cosmic wormhole and I found something major— it ejected the escape pod before being crushed by the spatial shocks. This is the most crucial dying message set aside for me from the Replica Black Dragon."
—This is also a dying message that only Mr. Aston and Prince Berg who manufactured Black Dragon could understand.
—Finally found in the mech wreckage, that key portion of the missing metal fragments of the escape pod.
—It ejected the escape pod, saving its master."According to the description of the Legion of Glory eyewitnesses, there seemed to be two Black Dragon mechs at that time. Apparently your dad was piloting the replica of Black Dragon to save your father. If I infer correctly, they utilized the energy of the two mechs' space jumping at the same time to forcibly break through the cosmic wormhole, this is the only method they could have used to survive the spatial shocks."
"Unfortunately, because of unknown reasons, the replica did not bear the pressure of the spatial shocks. It ejected the escape pod before it was damaged. Since Black Dragon was still alive at that time, saving the escape cabin would be easy as pie for it in that case—"
Berg looked at Lin Yuan and said gently, "We spent a month scouring the whole wormhole and found no signs of damage to Black Dragon, which means that Black Dragon is still alive, Rosen and Ling Yu aren’t dead either."
Chapter 101: Departure
Volume 5. The New Era
—Black Dragon is still alive, and Rosen and Ling Yu aren’t dead either.
Berg's words finally saved Lin Yuan from the fiery depths of hell.
After learning of his father's death, the harrowing sadness made Lin Yuan's heart fall into a perpetual state of constricting and convulsing, in every breath he took, he would feel an aching hollowness in his chest. However, this pain had lasted less than a day and was superseded with the relief of the words "father" and "did not die”.
What's even more unprecedented is that his dad, Ling Yu, was together with his father!
He hasn’t been aware of his dad ’s whereabouts for many years, he looked forward to the day when he could reunite with his dad from day one. Now that he knows that his dad is likewise safe and sound without a scratch, Lin Yuan is so moved that he doesn’t even know what to say.
Seeing the little monster's eyes widen feverishly, Caesar was quick to grab Lin Yuan's hand gently and said softly: "Don't worry, with the Marshal and General Ling Yu’s abilities, as long as Black Dragon is still alive, it wouldn’t be difficult for them to pilot Black Dragon to a safe place in the universe."
Berg also nodded in agreement, "What Caesar says is right, I think that Rosen and Ling Yu are most certainly now settled temporarily on some distant planet. The reason why they haven’t returned to Naomi Star is probably because of Black Dragon’s internal energy storage being overused, so much so that it is unable to conduct a long-term excursion and space jump."
After all, Berg was the person who made the replica of Black Dragon with his own two hands. He has a very accurate grasp of the amount of energy inside the mech. Within the formidable airflow in the impending spatial shocks, the mech must have spent a lot of energy in order to maintain the equilibrium system. With the energy used up to break out of the cosmic wormhole, the energy reserve following Black Dragon’s escape should not exceed 30%.
With the cautious personalities of Rosen and Ling Yu, they wouldn’t be able to risk returning to Naomi Star with the mech energy being less than 30%. If by any chance they encounter enemy troops or another cosmic sandstorm along the way, piloting a mech with insufficient energy would be nothing other than a death sentence.
So, the greatest likelihood is—
The two temporarily stopped over at a secure place, trying to think up of a way to stock up on mech energy.
The inside of the Black Dragon mech holds a light energy conversion system and it can also extract energy from various special ores. So long as time allows Black Dragon to gather a fair amount of energy, the time for them to return to Naomi Star is peaking over the horizon.
Berg looked back at Lin Yuan and said: "According to the rate at which the Black Dragon's converts light energy, if all goes well, in another fifteen days or so, your parents should be able to return to Naomi Star… However, now the situation at present is urgent, we simply cannot wait that long."
Mentioning this, the look on Berg's face grows even more somber, "In reality, the news of the Marshal's sacrifice was not issued by the Hydra Legion. Drew found the Black Dragon replica's mech fragments from the cosmic wormhole a week ago. At that time, he had not reported it to the military. He tried to keep it under wraps from the military, just to get more time for the Marshal tooth and nail."
Caesar’s stare went blank and he frowned: "So what you’re saying is that the secret of the mech fragments discovery was intentionally leaked out by someone with underhanded motives?"
Berg nodded, "Correct, although I don't know who it is, it is certain that both the Hydra Legion and Glory Legion have military spies, and the military quickly heard that we found mech fragments. I asked Drew to just play their game holding the upper hand and say that those tatters of the wreckage were of the Marshal’s own mech. After the person the Mech Association sent carefully inspected the mech wreckage, they announced the Marshal ’s sacrifice.”
The materials used between Black Dragon's original body and the replica are practically identical, excluding its two manufacturers, Aston and Berg, there isn’t anymore else who could tell the difference. No one would second guess this Black Dragon was piloted by the Marshal.
Yet, Caesar was acutely aware of a slightly tense tone in Berg's voice and couldn't help asking: "Wang Shu, they were quick to announce the news of the Marshal's passing. Could there be some sort of conspiracy?"
Berg said with a heavy expression: "That’s right, it was their strategy for the Glory Legion to encounter an ambush. Someone in the military department colluded with the Federation's forces and intended to eliminate Rosen through the hands of the Federation due to Rosen standing as their greatest obstacle. Only with Rosen dead could they carry out their plan with peace of mind."
—Carrying out a plan? Could the military really have traitors?
Caesar suddenly thought of the badges that he found in the depths of Köln Forest when he and Lin Yuan were doing wilderness group training. He quickly turned back to Lin Yuan and said: "Xiao Yuan, the badges we found in Köln Forest, do you still have them on you?"
Lin Yuan was quick to nod, he took out the purple badges from Suzaku's storage space and handed them over to Caesar.
Casaer passed the badges over to Berg, saying: "Wang Shu, would you know why these Thunder Legion badges were left in Po Military Starfield’s Köln Forest?"
Caesar has always suspected that these badges were left behind when the Thunder Legion pursued and launched an assault against Suzaku 19 years ago, but he had yet to be born at that time and there was not a wink of evidence for this conjecture. Berg, however, was a different story. With him as the head of the Undercurrent for the entire course of Suzaku’s capture and arrest, he knew it clear as day.
Looking at the badge Caesar handed over, Berg said nothing as he lowered his head for a moment, then abruptly stated: "Right, when the two mechs, Comet and Phantom teamed up to hunt down Suzaku, there were a few subordinates of the Thunder Legion and the Phantom Legion accompanying them. But, when it came time to return to Cepheus, there were three officers who didn’t come back. It was reported that they had lost their lives in the pursuit of Suzaku."
"Lost their lives?" Caesar frowned slightly, "This explanation seems a bit far-fetched. If their lives were really lost in the pursuit of Suzaku, why would their badges be left behind in Köln Forest?"
Berg could help but to wrinkle his brows as he heard Caesar say this.
As an S-Class mech, Suzaku was equipped with a giant light energy cannon powerful enough to blow up an entire city when its offensive system was initiated. Three officers’ lives were sacrificed by an artillery barrage during the pursuit of Suzaku. This reason did not arouse anyone's suspicion at the time.
However, at this moment, looking at those three badges in Caesar’s hands, Berg's back was suddenly exuding a layer of cold sweat—
Obviously, things are not so simple.
Those three officers may not have been sacrificed, but rather, they saw something they shouldn’t have on Po Military Starfield and were murdered, silenced by their Generals!
If this conjecture is true, to put it in other words, some people in the military department were arranging this plan as early as nineteen years ago!
The sudden estrus of Ling Yu back then followed by the dissolution of the Dark Night Legion, and now with Rosen encountering an unexpected ambush, the Hydra Legion being moved from Cepheus… With everything falling perfectly into place for this plan, the arrows are all pointing in the same direction— Cepheus, Capital Star, the Empire’s Imperial Palace!
Perhaps His Majesty Trent had long been aware of this to an extent that he would have Berg leave with a mech the moment he learned that the Marshal was missing. As the reigning monarch of the Empire, he could not leave the Capital Star without authorization, so when he perceived the looming crisis, he could only send away all people close and dear to him as a way to protect them.
The thought of His Majesty Trent being trapped in the Imperial Palace with a sword constantly dangling by a thread over his head, a burst of sourness erupted behind Berg’s eyes.
…Caesar, Xiwei, and himself were all sent away by His Majesty Trent ahead of time. Now in the Imperial Palace, those remaining with His Majesty and the Queen have already sworn their life to follow the ruling family’s Royal Guard Squadron. In the event of a militaristic mutiny mobilization, it could be said that His Majesty Trent has no means of resistance…
Berg took a deep, profound look at Caesar and said in a low voice: "Caesar, about the matter of those badges, Ling Yu and Rosen ought to know better than me. The main concern now is— we must find them as soon as possible! "
This sentence coincidentally coincided with Lin Yuan's thoughts. Worried about the safety of his two fathers, Lin Yuan immediately said nervously: "Uncle Berg, could I go looking for them myself?"
Berg looked at Lin Yuan and nodded, saying: "This is also the reason why I called you all over here. Only you can find them, because of the S-Class mech connection Suzaku and Black Dragon have between one another. This connection is not disturbed by the signal of the space station. Even if there is no communication signal on that planet, as long as each respective unit initiates its detection system, Suzaku can sense the existence of Black Dragon."
—Black Dragon, Suzaku, White Feather, and King Lion, there exists a kind of special connection system of the S-Class mechs personally crafted by Mr. Aston that bypasses the space station’s signal dispersion system.
Even on a distant planet that is entirely incapable of sending signals to the outside world, the mechs can still detect each other's existence.
In the vast and obscure universe, if you want to find Black Dragon as soon as possible, utilizing the S-Class mech Suzaku, White Feather, or King Lion is a must, using the special connection system between the mechs to locate the specific coordinates of Black Dragon.
As a result, Berg was anxious to call Lin Yuan and Caesar back. He wanted them to find the two Rosen and Ling Yu with their mechs at the fastest speed possible.
Caesar quickly came to an understanding of this and gently held Lin Yuan ’s hand, saying: “White Feather can sense the existence of Black Dragon too. I will go to find the Marshal and General Ling Yu together with you.”
Knowing that looking for his two fathers throughout the cosmos would very possibly mean running headfirst into harm's way. As a prince, Caesar shouldn’t risk such dangers. However, the warmth coming through the palm of his hand made Lin Yuan unable to have the heart to say any words of refusal.
Turning his head back towards Caesar a bit emotionally stirred, Lin Yuan said softly: "Caesar, you would be better off staying here, after all, you are His Majesty’s sole Alpha heir and if by any chance there’s some danger…"
"What rubbish are you spouting?" Caesar interrupted him in a low voice, gently tightening his fingers, he leaned into Lin Yuan's ear and said: "Don't you forget, I'm your Alpha, how could I make my Omega go on a perilous journey by himself?"
Lin Yuan: "………"
Caesar's voice was lowered to a quiet hush beside his ear, using a volume only Lin Yuan could hear the words spoken in confidence, and his burning hot breath ghosted on his ear, making Lin Yuan's ears immediately go red.
After marking each other, the feeling of being bound makes a person feel embarrassed, while at the same time, can’t help striking ribbons of warmth into their heart.
—I'm your Alpha, how could I make my Omega go on a perilous journey by himself?
With a few simple words, Lin Yuan suddenly lost any reason to object.
Because putting himself in his position, he would hold the same sentiment. If Caesar encountered any difficulties, he couldn’t let Caesar brave it alone. As Caesar's Omega, he would also want to be at Caesar's side… not just sharing the joy, but also sticking through the hardships.
The moment they marked each other, belonging to the other party may not be limited to the physical body.
The psychological sense of dependence in their relationship grew increasingly stronger.
Berg looked at the appearance of the two youths leaning into each other, whispering in confidence, he couldn’t help but smile slightly, saying: “Okay, don’t squabble, the four of you are going together. With the two mechs, White Feather and Suzaku, your safety can be guaranteed."
Brian did not expect that the little monster Lin Yuan was trying to find his dad, and he would be following after him as well. He suddenly looked at Berg with some surprise: "Pa, I’m going too?"
Berg aimed a glance at his son and said lightly: "Ling Feng originally wanted to go and find his brother in person. Udir refused to let him go. Ling Feng specifically requested for Snow to accompany Xiao Yuan in order to take care of each other. Of course, it’s really none of your business, it doesn't matter if you don't want to go."
Brian: "…"
Dad must be doing this on purpose, Snow is going, how could this not be any of his business?
Brian immediately got closer and squeezed his Dad’s shoulder, smiling sweetly and saying: “Who said it’s none of my business, I’d be more than thrilled to tag along. In case either Lin Yuan or Caesar’s mech malfunctions en route, can’t I repair it on-site? Pa, please just let me go, in the mech energy field, I have a much vaster comprehension than they do."
Berg gave his son a blank look and said: "I’m assigning you a task first and foremost, do the work of Suzaku's upgrade within a day's time."
Brian froze for a moment then nodded immediately: "Understood!"
***
If Lin Yuan wants to take Suzaku to find his two fathers, it must be upgraded back to S-Class to deal with varying unexpected circumstances.
At the time, it was Brian who completed Suzaku’s downgrade to C-Class, upgrading it now will be much better being left in his hands.
Berg is still very confident in his son's ability to downgrade Suzaku without destroying any of its wirings. Brian's innate talent in mech manufacturing is even better than that of himself back in his youth.
The very next day, Brian remodeled Suzaku in the spacious and vacant mech room in the underground base.
Brian dismantled and reassembled the parts one by one in accordance with the original modification plan. Dave and Berg helped him out and with the joint efforts of the three people,  in just one short day, Suzaku was upgraded back to S-Class with all of its former glory intact.
Looking at the gigantic red mech in front of him, Lin Yuan couldn't help but sigh from the bottom of his heart— when he saw the Suzaku in the museum, the mech was bound by a multitude of electromagnetic chains, quietly soaking up the sun’s rays like a blazing flame.
At the moment under the illumination of the light, every inch of metal on Suzaku's body shone with a dazzling luster. The beautiful red color, after so many years of dormancy, was like a fire rising from the ashes, making one unable to look away.
—This is the Mech God of War that once made the enemy forces of the Federation cower at the slightest breeze, Suzaku.
—This is Suzaku, the personal S-Class mech of the Empire’s Legendary Young Omega Major General, Ling Yu.
Lin Yuan stood gaping up at Suzaku, craning his neck to look at the wonder-filled presence of this S-Class mech. The rims of his eyes uncontrollably heat up a bit.
It had accompanied Ling Yu through countless twists and turns and countless suffering, it had also brought about countless glories and victories with Ling Yu.
It was because of Ling Yu’s crimes, it’s master, that it was cruelly imprisoned for nineteen years. In order to survive, after escaping from the museum, it had neither the choice nor option to feign it’s demise and willingly downgrade itself to a C-Class mech…
At this moment, it finally has the opportunity to see the light of day once more. Its regale body is also just as it was before!
Suzaku saw Lin Yuan blankly staring at itself, it couldn't help but gently put its palm down, stretched it out in front of Lin Yuan, and said softly, "Master."
Lin Yuan put his hand up to its wide palm, looked up at Suzaku, and said with a smile: "Suzaku, I’ve always felt that I never had the qualifications to truly own you … you are my dad's mech. After following my dad through so many twists and turns, I think the connection between the two of you is one of a kind… As soon as we find dad, return to his side, alright?"
Suzaku was so moved that it was at a loss for words at the thoughtful and generous declaration of this young man.
At this time, it sticking Lin Yuan's side was indeed for the purpose of finding its Master, and Lin Yuan's body carried the blood of it’s Master, which made it feel very familiar— in order to protect Ling Yu's child and look for an opportunity to find Ling Yu, it recognized another Master and became Lin Yuan's mech for the time being.
However, as Lin Yuan said, its connection with Ling Yu is one of a kind.
The only person who it truly recognized as its Master was Ling Yu.
After all, it had been at Ling Yu’s side from the day its memory began, they have fought side by side for so many years. It has experienced countless ups and downs. This connection cannot be replaced by anyone.
Suzaku gently placed its broad palm on top of Lin Yuan's head to make a "stroking" motion, but unfortunately, the palm of the mech was too large and Lin Yuan's entire person was shrouded in that red shadow. Suzaku fretted that it would hurt Xiao Yuan and immediately retracted its hand.
Lin Yuan couldn’t help laughing, he gently reached out and touched the smooth, shiny metal palm of Suzaku. He looked up at it and said, “It ’s okay, you were my dad ’s mech to begin with, even though I like you too, I know you carry special importance to dad. He must be very happy that you can return to his side, and I am also very happy that you and Dad can be reunited."
Suzaku was silent for a moment before whispering, "Thank you, Xiaoyuan."
Lin Yuan laughed: "You're welcome!"
—The candid and hearty smile of the youth is as dazzling as the sunshine.
Suzaku suddenly thought that after all, he had too many memories and emotional ties for his former master, Ling Yu, he could not serve Lin Yuan with his heart and soul. This earnest and hard-working child should have a mech that genuinely belongs to him.
Seemingly aware of Suzaku's thoughts, watching Lin Yuan happily place Suzaku where its heart lay, Berg couldn't help but ask in a low voice: "Xiao Yuan, the degree of your mental threshold compatibility with Suzaku has already exceeded 100%, right?"
Lin Yuan turned back in confusion: "Yep, the first compatibility match seemed to go over 100%. What of it?"
Berg said with much thought: "It seems that the person Wang Xiong spoke of was you…"
Unable to make heads or tails from Berg’s words, Lin Yuan couldn't help scratching his head in bewilderment.
Berg said with a smile: "Well, I still have to do the final inspection and debugging on this new mech with Dave, but after you come back with your parents, you can try to pilot it."
Lin Yuan widened his eyes in surprise, "A new mech? What is it?"
Berg spoke seriously: "It is the latest SS-Class mech developed by Mr. Aston and his final and only disciple, Dave. It is the first SS-Class mech in the history of the Empire. The requirements for its pilot are extremely high. You have inherited the talents of both of your fathers, your mental threshold should be able to reach the standard for piloting that mech."
Berg smiled slightly at Lin Yuan's dark and clear eyes, saying: "If you have the ability, it will belong to you completely."
(
TN
: An explanation for my absence is due orz. The short rundown is I had a life crisis over what direction I would take my life after graduating high school— college, or enlisting in the military. Then after deciding to enlist and starting on the process, a close relative got super sick so I had to fly out to the other side of the country and help out. After that, between working a full-time job and now preparing for my enlistment, I have a lot less free time on my hands, especially now that I want to hang out with my friends as often as I can with them going away to college soon. I'm not dropping either of my novels per se, but I wouldn't exactly be adverse to anyone wanting to pick it up either. I'll still be translating them in the meantime, I just can't say how often I'll be able to push chapters out. That's all, stay safe everyone xoxo)
Chapter 102: Departure
Hearing Berg’s description of that mysterious mecha, Lin Yuan couldn’t help but want to bear witness to the overwhelming presence of the SS-Class mecha, but Lin Yuan was met with disappointment as Dave was currently carrying out the final touches and adjustments, it still couldn't be directly started up at this point in time. Lin Yuan had to suppress the excitement down at the bottom of his heart and temporarily focus his thoughts on the matter of “finding two dads ASAP".
Rosen and Ling Yu had been drawn into the Isville Cosmic Wormhole— of which is the largest cosmic wormhole currently known to mankind. The entirety of the wormhole spans a good several galaxies, and the vortex formed by the airflow inside of it was akin to a complex labyrinth. If one was in a situation where they didn’t make thorough preparations, recklessly marching in would mean only a high probability of being swept away in a cosmic sandstorm to a strange distant planet, thereby losing one’s way.
Berg would naturally never allow a few children to brave such great danger.
As he left Cepheus, Berg conveniently took along a copy of a star atlas of the entire universe as currently recognized by man— it was a realistic 3D simulated star atlas that marked all galaxies in the vicinity of the Isville Cosmic Wormhole in detail, each planet was represented by a flashing dot with varying colors as if an abundance of bright diamonds were sprinkled onto a pitch-blank canopy.
Lin Yuan looked at the magnificent sight of the star atlas in front of him, and couldn't help wondering: "There're so many planets, where should we even begin to look for them?"
In fact, this was also the question that gave Berg the biggest headache. The Isville Cosmic Wormhole is complex and rarely consistent. There are countless exits leading to different galaxies. It is impossible to determine exactly which galaxy Rosen and Ling Yu went to. However, from the location of Black Dragon’s wreckage as well as the nearby terrain of the galaxy, they can roughly infer the direction of Rosen and Ling Yu's space jump after breaking through the wormhole.
Berg pondered for a moment before zooming in on a galaxy marked in light green on the simulated star atlas—
A great number of the fixed stars in this unknown galaxy are arranged in a shape similar to that of a peacock with its tail fanned out, the stars themselves are also surrounded by hundreds of asteroids. It looked as if green diamonds had been scattered to no end on the glistening star atlas simulation, seemingly like a cultured man-made work of art.
Berg pointed to one of the starfields and said: "According to the location of the mech fragments we found, after Rosen and Ling Yu broke through the wormhole, the direction of their jump should be facing towards this area—"
Caesar asked in astonishment: "Is that Pavo?"
Berg nodded, "That it is."
Caesar's level of mastery in the astronomy field is even greater than that of his own. This was the fruit born of His Majesty Trand's grooming from a young age. Berg looked back at Caesar and said with a slight smile: "With Caesar here, at the very least I don’t think you’ll lose your way. Start heading to bed and get some shut-eye. You shall set off early tomorrow morning, take this star atlas with you, and should you run into any difficulties, get in touch with me."
The four nodded prudently and turned back to their prepared rooms to rest.
***
The conditions of the underground military bases are far from good, the rooms used for sleep are very simple and crude as well, with two single beds put up in a small narrow room, it was like a rudimentary spaceship cabin.
In the dead of night, Lin Yuan stared at the ceiling all wide-eyed, his mind was in shambles, and he couldn’t feel an ounce of fatigue.
Caesar noticed that the little monster on the bed next to him had been tossing and turning, unable to sleep, and seemed to be very restless. He couldn't help but get up and make his way towards his bedside, he squeezed into the quilt and reached out to lightly wrap him in his embrace, asking with a low voice: "What are you thinking about? Are you still not asleep yet?"
Lin Yuan looked up at Caesar and spoke from his heart: "I was thinking, there were so many galaxies surrounding the wormhole. How could they know for sure that they are in Pavo? Should we look in the wrong place, wouldn’t we be wasting a lot of time…"
Caesar rubbed Lin Yuan’s head with a smile, explaining patiently: “Uncle Berg and I aren’t just pulling things out of a hat. The mech fragments of the Replica Black Dragon were found near Pavo and although there are other galaxies surrounding it, the other galaxies around Pavo don’t have any planets suitable for human habitation. Further south is the Triangulum Australe, which is the encampment of the Federation’s Falcon Legion. With the Marshal and General Ling Yu’s cautiousness, they wouldn’t space jump directly into the mouth of the Federation. With that being said, the greatest possibility is still Pavo… We ought to go there first and check it out."
Lin Yuan nodded before coming to a sudden realization, he couldn't help but ask: "It seems like you know these galaxies surprisingly well?"
Caesar said: "Mn, I learned some astronomy here and there as a kid."
Lin Yuan couldn’t help but sigh in admiration: “You really are something serious, you learned this when you were a kid? When I was a kid, I only knew how to play with mechs online.”
Being praised by Xiao Yuan put him in a good mood, Caesar couldn't help but to lift his chin up and gently land a kiss on his lips, saying softly, "Okay, get some rest, we gotta get going when morning comes."
Lin Yuan nodded and imitated Caesar’s actions. He kissed his lips gently and smiled, saying: "Good night."
Having said that, he naturally found a comfortable position in Caesar's arms, closed his eyes, and prepared to sleep.
Probably because having Caesar at his side would put him wonderfully at ease, Lin Yuan soon fell asleep.
In the world of his dreams, he returned to that aqua-blue planet. The sea breeze tousled his hair. His nose seemed to pick up the slight saltiness of the seawater scent. Lin Yuan dreamed that his four-year-old self was picking up shells on the beach and playing in casual clothes, his dad sat not too far away with a smile on his face as he watched him.
The warm childhood memories of being with his dad made Lin Yuan unable to help a smile growing on his face as he slept.
Caesar looked down at Lin Yuan—
The young man breathed evenly from within his embrace, the corners of his mouths tugged into a smiling expression, his body exuded the good smell of a shower gel. When holding him tightly in his arms, that comfortably warm feeling is like holding a space heater in the cold winter of the twelfth lunar month, enough to make a man as happy as he could be.
—Lin Yuan, do you know what a happy thing it is for me to have you?
***
The next morning, after the four people woke up, Berg sent someone to present them with a brand-new military uniform, personally tailored.
The dark green military uniform is not the same dark blue as the military academy school uniform. As the official dress of the Hydra Legion soldiers, not only are they several times more exquisite than those of the cadet uniform in terms of tailoring and workmanship, but even the materials are several grades higher. The golden stars on the shoulders and the badge with the serpentine totem engraved on the chest shone brightly under the lighting. The plethora of small details on this military uniform set displayed the elegant integrity of one serving the Emperor.
The four youths wore the well-ironed military uniforms on their bodies, which immediately gave the feeling of putting on another skin.
Putting it side by side with the simple clothing of the cadets, it was if the four of them suddenly gained ten years in donning such a formal military uniform after joining the legion.
As the four of them exchange gazes between each other, no one could even recognize one another.
Berg looked at the four lanky young boys in front of him, he couldn't help give a small smile, saying: "This morning, Drew will send a fleet to continue patrolling and searching near the Isville Cosmic Wormhole, you will all act the part as Hydra Legion soldiers, mix into the fleet, and as soon as the fleet leaves the surveillance area of Naomi Star, you will immediately follow the route towards Pavo from within the wormhole."
Berg paused and added: "This fleet is actually composed of the Personal Guard Battalion’s soldiers, Drew’s most trusted that he keeps at his side. Each of them is the Hydra Legion’s cream of the crop, in case they encounter danger en route, they will protect you."
Berg looked back to Lin Yuan, he handed Lin Yuan the badge signifying the rank of a commander and said: “I can’t accompany you in the days ahead. If we are to find your two fathers as quickly as possible, everyone in this fleet from this point on will be under your command."
Although the sheer size of the fleet is lacking, they were all personally selected by General Drew and the trustworthiness of any single one of them is worth more than a hundred others.
Such an elite team was actually sent to protect them, Lin Yuan was immediately overwhelmed from the unexpected favor. Moreover, letting him act in part as the commander, he felt that he had neither the worthiness nor the skill to command those senior officers.
Looking at the badge handed over by Berg, Lin Yuan hesitated a bit and said: "Is this really alright? I have absolutely zero experience being a commander…"
Caesar swiveled his head around and looked at Lin Yuan and said in earnest: "Hold it right there. The main purpose of this whole venture is to find your fathers, a fleet must always have a supreme commander, and you are the most suitable candidate."
Brian also threw in: "That’s just how it is, sink or swim, Lin Yuan is a student of the Command Department. Could you still be afraid? Rest assured, Caesar’s head is on the line too. Father sent Lieutenant Colonel Ian to accompany us. He has an abundance of experience."
Actually, Lin Yuan was not afraid but felt that he was young and had a nearly blank resume to show for it, he had no qualifications to rank as a commander.
However, since Berg placed such trust in him, it wouldn’t be good for Lin Yuan to throw in the towel.
Somewhat taken aback, he accepted the proffered badge from Berg and stood at attention. Lin Yuan paid a standard military salute to Berg and said with a firm gaze: " Wang Shu, you can rest assured that I will definitely complete this mission!"
—He was deserving of being Ling Yu's flesh and blood son. The demeanor of such a soldier who is upstanding and discerning when receiving the orders of a superior was just like a mirror-image of Ling Yu in his younger years.
Berg couldn't help letting a smile slip past his lips, he nodded and said: "Take care of yourself on the road, I’ll look forward to everyone’s safe return, as quickly as you can now."
***
After all preparations were made, Lin Yuan, Caesar, Brian, Snow, plus the Dark Night Legion’s Lieutenant Colonel Zhou Yi and Lieutenant Colonel Fornt changed into the uniforms of the Hydra Legion. Under the identity of Hydra Legion soldiers, they weaseled their way into the patrol fleet Drew dispatched through the chaos.
When the first light of the morning shone to Naomi Star, the people finally left this beautiful aquamarine planet and set off in the direction of Pavo, taking with them the S-Class mech Suzaku and White Feather to start the hunt for the whereabouts of Marshal Rosen and General Ling Yu.
It was a new type of warship, which was large enough to accommodate hundreds of passengers, it’s interior was very expansive and not only did it have a spacious hall, kitchen, bathing facilities, it even had a separate lounge dedicated to the commander.
The soldiers of the Hydra Legion were performing their duties neat and orderly. Lin Yuan, who was temporarily instated as their commander, was far too embarrassed to just waltz into the commander's room to relax and was forced to stand on the bridge with Caesar, looking at the scenery the universe had to offer through the porthole.
It was at this moment that Lieutenant Colonel Ian, who was sent to accompany them by Drew, suddenly walked on the bridge and saluted Lin Yuan, saying: "Commander, there is an airflow abnormality forming up ahead. It may be that the Isville Cosmic Wormhole is about to undergo a spatial shock. Please direct the warship’s navigation route.
The image detected by the sensor in real-time was immediately projected on the projection screen in front of him. Sure enough, a formidable airflow vortex appeared near the cosmic wormhole at the forefront, and it was shown to be gradually spreading out. Its momentum seemed to be racing towards them like a bloodthirsty tsunami looming over them.
Lin Yuan couldn't help frowning—
Spatial shocks above a level 6 inside the cosmic wormhole would have a devastating lethality. Their force would be great enough to destroy all warships and mechs that enter it. Should they encounter this kind of powerful cosmic energy, everyone here would have a high likelihood of losing their life.
Although there are many cases of a successful escape from the wormhole and despite this path being the optimal route to Pavo, and even if Lin Yuan is anxious to find his fathers…
No matter what, it is impossible for Lin Yuan to impulsively take such a risk in order to prioritize time.
Not to mention that hundreds of people throughout the entire fleet were watching him, there was Caesar, the sole heir to the Empire’s throne beside him, as well as his brother Snow, Brian, his Master, Dr. Fornt, and so on…
The lives of these people may be unjustly cut short because of one single lapse in decision-making.
It was only at this moment that Lin Yuan realized how much mental pressure he held as the commander. With just one innocuous route change, it was necessary to think over innumerable details, not to mention on the ever-changing battlefield.
Thinking of this, he couldn't help but admire his own fathers even more.
Although he has already been temporarily appointed as the commander of this small fleet, Lin Yuan did not dare to make decisions without authorization. After all, he has no experience and the theoretical knowledge learned in school isn’t a one size fits all.
Lin Yuan carefully observed the movement of the airflow. He then pointed to a route on the simulated star atlas. He turned back to Lieutenant Colonel Ian and said: "Altogether, there are three transition routes to Pavo. This is the closest. However, since there are signs of spatial shocks ahead, we shouldn't take great risks. Between the other two routes, the one on the left is closer to the Triangulum Australe. If by any chance we run into the Federation’s hostile forces, it will cause unnecessary trouble. I think it would be better to divert to the constellation of Apus and employ the third option to make the jump. What do you think?"
Lieutenant Colonel Ian froze for a moment— he didn't expect this young boy to be so modest and staid. To top it all off, he didn’t even act in a condescending manner or an impulsive one at that from being given the title of commander at such a young age. The sincere smile on his face also gave people the feeling of “being respected”.
As an elder, the discomfort of being ordered around by this youngster quickly disappeared. Lieutenant Colonel Ian smiled gently and gave a military salute to the teenager in front of him, saying: "Commander, what you’ve said is very reasonable, we will immediately employ the third option, diverting to Apus."
Lin Yuan politely returned a military salute in kind and said: "Lieutenant Colonel Ian, good work, it’s been tough."
Ian nodded with a smile and turned to leave.
It wasn't until Lieutenant Colonel Ian left that Lin Yuan looked back at Caesar and smiled a bit embarrassedly, saying: "It feels a bit weird to be called Commander… Was my decision correct?"
—The appearance of this little guy as he carefully analyzed and issued the order just now was just that. Although he at the age of eighteen looks very soft and immature, he was born with a temperament distinctive to that of high-ranking military officers— that temperament comes from his two fathers at the very base of his being.
Lin Yuan has an amiable disposition, yet his eyes are completely firm and calm, such a thing will make many people more than happy to receive his commands.
Caesar resisted the urge to ruthlessly kiss his little monster and said with a smile: "You’ve done well, have a bit more confidence in yourself… Don't forget, you are the son of the Marshal and General Ling Yu."
Lin Yuan smiled, lowered his voice, and leaned closer to Caesar's ear and said: "It’s because I am their son that I am even more worried… They’re so talented and amazing, I am afraid that I will bring them shame…"
Caesar couldn't help holding his hand and say softly: "Never in a million years… In your eyes, your fathers are the untouchable existences that always fall just out of reach, but you too will be that same pride for them."
Lin Yuan looked up at Caesar and asked seriously: "Will I? I'm afraid that when the moment comes for my dad to see me, he will be disappointed…"
Facing Lin Yuan’s gleaming eyes, Caesar held back a smile and said: "How could that be possible? Your dad most certainly likes you more than you could ever know."
Such a lively and cheerful darling of a son, even with General Ling Yu's cold and proud personality, wouldn’t he also be quite fond?
—How could he be disappointed?
***
Pavo, an unknown planet.
Rosen took Black Dragon to look for energy, Ling Yu stayed behind in the cave by himself. Here, he continues to draw a detailed star atlas route.
In the past few days, Rosen has found quite a  few caves with those strange energy stones. After the Black Dragon continuously absorbs energy and converts light energy, the internal energy reserve of the mech has reached 60%.
At this rate, they can leave here in ten days max.
Although the pace they are running at is already more than he could ask for, Ling Yu still feels very uneasy.
He rushed to save Rosen at the time, it was an instinctive reaction that was undertaken without an ounce of thought given. After seeing that Rosen was drawn into the wormhole, his body acted on its own and piloted the mech over… if he and Rosen had actually been buried alive as the result of an impulse, wouldn’t it bring His Majesty’s entire plan to ruin?
Thinking about it now, Ling Yu also felt that he was really too reckless and crazed at the time.
But……
If he had the option to do it all over again, he would still make this choice.
Looking on helplessly as Rosen runs into danger, it was impossible to look the other way with a cool head.
This instinctive reaction also constantly served as a reminder to him of the special weight Rosen held in his heart. The weight is so heavy that it could even make him bring another life to this world…
Ling Yu leaned over with the intent to add a spot of light to the star atlas. In wake of this leaning motion, there was a sudden churning in his stomach, Ling Yu immediately went to the depths of the cave and puked as if his life depended on it.
In the morning, he didn't eat much at all. Despite retching for a long time, nothing came out. The cramping feeling in his stomach forced him to vomit over and over again for what felt like days. He was simply mentally and physically exhausted.
He didn’t know how long had gone by before his strong nausea gradually subsided. Ling Yu’s complexion paled as he stood up, his slender fingers gently moved across his still flat abdomen, slightly furrowing his brows together.
Chapter 103: Pregnancy
His previous estrus had come suddenly, without any method for obtaining contraception beforehand. On this desolate and uninhabited planet, it would have been impossible to find birth control pills. Everything happened by the light of nature and he was completely marked by Rosen. An Omega's probability of conception during estrus is extremely high. Evidently, the child belonging to him and Rosen has been unknowingly conceived inside of Ling Yu’s stomach…
Due to differences in individual constitutions, Omegas not only have differing estrus intervals, but they also display a manifold diversity following a pregnancy. Mental fatigue and strong nausea are the most common signs of early pregnancy. Back when he was having Xiao Yuan, Ling Yu had almost no symptoms during the early stages of his pregnancy. Even when news of that pregnancy was given to him by Rosen when he rescued him from the military prison, he himself felt no discomfort. He didn’t expect the symptoms this time to be so terrible, they had all shown up super early as well.
Plausibly due to the nonstop injection of inhibitors for 18 years on end after giving birth to Xiao Yuan, the pheromones in Ling Yu's body had always been forcibly suppressed by medication. Now that he is once more marked by Rosen, just like a sleeping beast that lies dormant for ages being suddenly roused by man, it now bashes side to side, violently clawing from the inside of his body… Dizziness, nausea, mental fatigue, loss of appetite, a series of such symptoms popped up one after another, making the proud personality of Ling Yu annoyed to no end.
As an Omega, Ling Yu still likes the battlefields filled with smoke trailing from guns and the flames that licked all the way up to the skies. He never thought of staying at home to raise children. To begin with, Xiao Yuan was an accident. When he made the successful break from Cepheus and came to Naomi Star after going through what seemed like an endless flight from danger in space, the unborn child in his abdomen was already almost three months along. He wasn’t willing to get rid of the child and instead gave birth to Xiao Yuan under countless difficult circumstances…
Now, for the second time around, what should he do?
If he could choose, he wouldn’t have gotten pregnant at this time, the traitor inside the military will soon take action and His Majesty may be in danger. Getting pregnant at this time is just yet another disaster to add to the already existing pile…
Ling Yu’s complexion waned as he wrinkled his brows and placed his slender fingers gently on his abdomen, knowing that there already existed a small life where the combined flesh and blood of himself and Rosen existed, the always calm and collected Major General Ling Yu for just a single moment unexpectantly fell into a calamitous turmoil.
***
Rosen had a pretty good harvest today. He piloted Black Dragon to the other end of this strange planet. He not only found a cave containing a large bulk of energy ores, but he also picked up many edible wild fruits. His days with Ling Yu have been highly dependent on eating wild fruits to get by. Although the food is monotonous and scarce, it was fortunate enough that this wild fruit was rich in protein and vitamins, which could keep up with the human body’s daily consumption of calories and will keep them from starving at the very least
Worried that leaving Ling Yu all by himself in the cave would expose him to dangers, Rosen sorted out the fresh wild fruits and immediately piloted Black Dragon back.
When he returned to the place where the two had settled, he saw the silhouette of the figure he knew so well— Ling Yu in his dark blue military uniform was sitting on the bedside, his head hanging down as if he was lost in thought, his long fingers pressed against his abdomen, his face was a bit unnaturally pale.
Rosen set the wild fruits he picked down on the table, he walked over to Ling Yu’s side and sat down, he lifted his head as he looked with tenderness in his gaze, asking in a low voice: "What’s up with you? You have such an unsightly complexion, do you not feel well?"
Ling Yu directed his gaze elsewhere and said with a cold face: "Nothing’s wrong with me."
He seemed to be in a bad mood today. Rosen asked nothing more, picked up a few wild fruits, washed them clean, walked to Ling Yu, and handed him a fruit, saying with a smile: "Have some of the freshly picked wild fruit Black Dragon found today, these ones don't taste much like the ones we had before. Would you like to give them a try?"
Ling Yu eyed the red fruit in Rosen's hand, his stomach suddenly felt a burst of nausea.
He has been pretending to nonchalantly eat things in front of Rosen for the past few days, in reality, he has no appetite whatsoever, anything he ate wanted to come right back up again.
Strongly resisting the urge to puke, Ling Yu turned his head off to the side and said stiffly: "I am not hungry, just eat it yourself."
Rosen set the fruit he had in his hand in front of him, not a single word was spoken, an awkward silence weighed down in the cave.
Rosen's personality was originally very stern and callous. In front of Ling Yu, he had already tried to soften his attitude down to be as gentle as possible, but with Ling Yu blatantly ignoring him again and again like this, it nevertheless made him unable to snuff out the whisper of a flame rising in his heart—
Ling Yu being as cold as ice and hard to please was all well and good, but the mood between the two of them prior to the complete marking was really good. Ling Yu even spoke aloud "you are the only one for me", those words that teetered on being a confession of love made Rosen ecstatic at the time they were spoken, thinking that he finally melted Ling Yu's iceberg outer shell and touched his heart. Yet, Ling Yu switched faces as soon as his estrus passed and the speed of this total 180-degree turnaround was practically faster than the turn of a book’s page.
Is there such a fickle Omega in existence?
After an Omega is completely marked, shouldn't they gain a sense of belonging and dependence to their Alpha? Why did Ling Yu look upon him so coldly and indifferently as if he was looking at a stranger? Above all, today he had actually gone so far as to pull such a disdainful face steeped with irritation?
A blazing fire crawled up along the walls of Rosen’s heart, he couldn't help reaching out and pinching his chin tightly, forcing him to raise his head and land let a ruthless kiss rain down upon him—
This kiss was extremely domineering. His tongue pried his jaw apart without an ounce of restraint and stretched forward into Ling Yu's mouth. The rough textured coating of his tongue vigorously swept across the soft inner walls of his mouth, as if he wanted his taste to thoroughly permeate through the man in front of him.
Rosen thrust his tongue across any part of his mouth he could reach, leaving traces of himself in every nook and cranny.
"…mmm… mmph…"
Ling Yu’s lips were completely sealed off, his tongue was sucked numb and as he had been enduring a strong wave of nausea, with Rosen kissing him so suddenly it took all of Ling Yu’s ability to breathe. His complexion grew unsightly as he began to forcibly make a move to push Rosen away.
Ling Yu's resistance only added fuel to the fire, which thoroughly stirred an intense possessiveness hidden deep within in Rosen's bones.
The more Ling Yu pushed him, the less he wanted to let go. One hand clung to Ling Yu's waist to deepen the kiss, while the other hand slipped into his military uniform, working his shirt open and gently ghosting his hand across his flat stomach.
These days following his estrus period, Rosen worried about the state of Ling Yu’s body. On top of that, the two of them both wanted to return to Naomi Star as soon as possible. Rosen had kept a friendly distance from Ling Yu. The man he adored was lying within his grasp but there was not a thing he could do to touch him. In doing so, Rosen restraining himself was extremely taxing, he never expected Ling Yu to change his tune so quickly.
He was obviously feeling just fine during the times they got together those days, liking it an awful lot…
Rosen was a bit unwilling to back down from this and seeming to want to refresh Ling Yu's memory of those three days spent in estrus, he felt him up from his abdomen all the way up to his chest and gave a precise pinch on his right nipple, rolling it gingerly between his fingertips.
Ling Yu's breath came to a sudden stop, and an unnatural red flushed floated on his face.
"… mmm… you… le-let go…"
Seeing that Rosen's hand was becoming more and more unruly, Ling Yu went red in the face and firmly pushed Rosen with all his strength—
Even after everything, he is a General first and foremost and his skill is not comparable to that of an ordinary Omega. Not only did the force behind that shove of his break him out of Rosen’s grasp, it nearly pushed Rosen into falling back a step.
The two were panting like wild animals as they faced one another. After a pause, Ling Yu finally couldn't bear it and abruptly turned to the entrance of the cave, hunkered down to the ground, and proceeded to dry heave like there was no tomorrow.
Rosen was shocked to the high heavens. His initial thought was: Was my kiss really that revolting?
Looking back at Ling Yu with a complex expression, he found Ling Yu's complexion to be exceedingly unsightly. Although he had been throwing up non-stop, he didn't actually have anything at all come up. The grievous sound of his retches that threatened to take his whole stomach up with them made Rosen’s heart suddenly ache— was he actually not feeling well and not in a good mood?
Being ignored just now, the anger from being given the cold shoulder immediately vanished like smoke in thin air and was instead replaced by strong distress. Rosen hurried to Ling Yu's side in three or two steps, softly running his hand down his back, saying in a whisper: "How are you? Are you all right?"
Ling Yu: "…………"
This idiot, can't he see his Omega is pregnant? Should I spell it out to him?
Ling Yu was in a bad mood to begin with and being met with Rosen's troubled gaze put his mind into shambles and his heart grew strained. If it wasn’t for this man, he wouldn’t have gotten pregnant again. Not only did he take his body in such a shameful position, but even carrying a child for this man was truly a terrible feeling through and through!
Seeing Ling Yu frowning in displeasure, Rosen grew even more worried and immediately called out Black Dragon, saying: "Black Dragon, quickly give him a check-up. Is he throwing up so violently from getting food poisoning?"
Black Dragon: "………"
As a highly intelligent S-Class mech, Black Dragon also had to sigh, Master's experience in certain areas are really pitiful!
In fact, it should come as no surprise for Rosen, the only Omega he liked was Ling Yu. After having Ling Yu in the past, the two of them were separated for as long as 19 years. He wasn’t around for the time Ling Yu spent carrying Xiao Yuan. He was completely unexposed to the varying symptoms of an Omega’s pregnancy. When he saw Ling Yu vomiting, he first thought of food poisoning, and not… Ling Yu had a baby again.
Black Dragon carefully scanned Ling Yu's body and quickly posted the test results in front of Rosen. It said in a calm and dull voice: "Master, General Ling Yu is pregnant, all indicators of his body are within the normal range."
Rosen: "…………………"
Although the chance of an Omega getting pregnant during estrus exceeds 90%, there’s still a 10% chance that there won’t be a pregnancy. Ling Yu has also been injecting inhibitors for a long time, which has a high likelihood of affecting fertility. Rosen had thought that there wouldn’t be a chance for a child this time, yet who could have thought that a child would be conceived?
After the initial shock, what followed was a very nice surprise!
Looking at Ling Yu's pale face, the strong distress was mixed with an even more intense joy and blew through the plains in Rosen's mind like the wind of a storm, wiping his brain blank.
After three seconds of shock and silence, the reaction Rosen’s face settled on was a smile and the hand on Ling Yu's back continued to gently stroke up along his spine, his tone also grew increasingly soft: "Yo-you’re pregnant, is that true?"
Ling Yu: "………………"
Rosen seemed to fumble his words at a nearly incomprehensible level from the mind-blowing astonishment: "That’s great, we have another child, Xiao Yuan is going to be a big brother, he will be so happy… Oh, that’s right, I want to be with you this time, look after you as I should and wait for our child to come to this world, together… Sorry, I didn’t know that you were pregnant just now, I thought you were ignoring me, I thought you’d gone back on your word…"
Seeing Ling Yu’s retching slowly come to a stop, Rosen extended his arms, gently hugged him, turned around and gently carried his Omega to the bed,  carefully setting him down.
His careful movements were just as if he was carrying a one of a kind treasure in his arms.
Being carried to bed by him, Ling Yu met Rosen's gaze filled with extreme joy and broke away from it a bit stiffly.
In reality, the moment when he learned that he was pregnant, Ling Yu's initial response was to not have the child. After all, in the current climate, it simply wasn’t suitable to have a child and he really just doesn’t want to have a baby either.
But……
When Rosen found out that he was pregnant, that kind of excitement that couldn’t be hidden away made Ling Yu suddenly somewhat reluctant to rain down on his parade.
Rosen diligently poured a glass of water for Ling Yu and handed it to him, saying in a hushed tone: "Come on, drink some water first."
Ling Yu took the proffered glass and took a few sips. His nausea subsided some and his complexion gradually improved. He had just opened his mouth with the intent to speak of the issue of the child’s staying or going, yet he heard Rosen ask deeply laden with concern: "How do you feel? Isn't it hard on you?
Ling Yu said awkwardly: "…it’s fine."
Rosen gave a glance at Ling Yu’s profile, only to see that his face was very pale and he couldn’t detect the slightest hint of joy being carried on the expression on his face…
He was not happy, nor did he look forward to the arrival of this child as he did…
There came a sudden pain in his heart, Rosen tightly clenched his fists, the joy on his face faded away, and after a long silence, he asked in a low voice: "Did you… not want to get pregnant? Do you… not want this child?"
Ling Yu was silent for a moment and then said softly: "I don’t."
These two words slam heavily onto Rosen's heart like a hammer!
The warm joy of discovering his lover’s pregnancy was doused ice-cold by a bucket of chilling cold water.
Ling Yu looked back at Rosen and spoke his mind: "Now is not the time to have a child. I suspect that there will be some changes occurring in the military in the near future. It is also highly likely for His Majesty to be in danger. I have to lead the Dark Night Legion…"
Rosen interrupted him in a soft voice, "I know all of that already, everything you’ve said I know.”
Intellectually speaking, Rosen was naturally more than clear that this was no time to be having a child. The Empire will likely be undergoing a coup d’etat. He and Ling Yu, as high-ranking military officers of the military, have many serious responsibilities that they have to shoulder.
However, from an emotional standpoint, he couldn't let Ling Yu abort the pregnancy like it was nothing!
This is his and Ling Yu’s own flesh and blood and that little life is the combination of both his and Ling Yu’s genes. It was growing quietly and peacefully inside of Ling Yu, getting ready to come to this world and with the identity of Ling Yu and Rosen’s child, start it’s brand new life.
Cutting the child out of existence in such a way was like tearing out the softest parts of his heart and ripping it out of his chest.
How could he be willing to renounce that little life?
The two fell into a mutual silence, the stiff atmosphere that weighed down in the cave was suffocating.
Ling Yu didn't know why. To begin with, he was the one who wanted to get rid of this child, but looking at Rosen's despondent expression, and meeting his despairing gaze, a strong, almost a kind of convulsive pain arose in Ling Yu's heart—
He should obviously be a bit more rational and abort the child, the sooner the better, but the child inside of him is tied to them by blood. While he wants to kill the embryo, he, for some reason, couldn’t harden his heart.
In particular, thinking of the joyous expression that came straight from Rosen’s heart the moment he learned that he was pregnant, Ling Yu felt as if his heart had been cut out by a knife.
His notions of aborting the child had even begun to lightly waver…
After a good pause, Rosen whispered: "Even though… I really desire for you to have this child,  I also know that now isn’t the right time. If you… If you insist on not wanting this child, I will honor your decision."
His low voice carried a touch of hoarseness in it, every word seemed to have to claw its way out of his throat, seeming to suppress the unspeakable pain.
Rosen took Ling Yu's hand gently, he looked back at Ling Yu and said softly: "I'm sorry, Ling Yu, I shouldn't have allowed you to get pregnant this time… Had it not been for the lack of birth control pills on this planet, we would have nipped the possibility of pregnancy at the bud… You don’t want a child, I will respect your decision… But thinking of how that child may grow up to look like you, I just can’t put on an unbothered face, how could I not feel sad…"
Ling Yu's heart trembled violently and the hand held by Rosen was stiffly set down on his knees, he didn’t know where to go from here.
Thinking of how that child may grow up to look like you, I just can’t put on an unbothered face, how could I not feel sad?
Rosen’s words pierced his heart one by one. After all, Ling Yu’s heart wasn’t made entirely up of cold, hard, unfeeling stone. Rosen’s sadness also affected him. He couldn’t help but be reminded of how Xiao Yuan looked as he excitedly called out “Dad” to him.
The thought of the unborn child in his abdomen could be living a vivid, lively life as Xiao Yuan had, Ling Yu's heart suddenly seized up with pain.
"I… I don't hate this child, not in the least bit, it's just that the timing is really a bit off…"
Ling Yu clenched his pale fingers into a tight grip, he took a deep breath, looked back at Rosen, and said: "This matter does not need to be decided urgently. Let's talk about it when we get back to Naomi Star. Maybe things aren’t as bad as I think.”
Rosen couldn't help but look at him in shock- Ling Yu had really backed down?
In other words, he also wants to keep this child?!
Such a huge blow made Rosen speechless and where words failed him, he put his emotions into actions. Rosen stretched out his arms and pulled Ling Yu into a tight embrace—
The intensity of such an embrace was like molding the two of them into one singular entity, it was even tight to the point of pain.
Being held by Rosen, Ling Yu felt the strength of his arms, and the warmth radiated in his embrace. Strangely enough, he felt an inexplicable sense of relief.
Rosen obviously wanted this child more than anything, but he had to suffer losing it in order to respect his decision.
Such a man, how could he have the heart to watch as he despaired and trudged through sadness?
With this man by his side, even if he is pregnant, they might just be able to get through it then?
Ling Yu's personality has always been decisive and resolute. Going back to as far as when he was a child, this is the very first time he hesitated over something, or even changing his mind at that. The child belonging to the two of them currently gestating inside of his abdomen was nearing a month old. Despite not being aware of this little one’s existence, Ling Yu feels that there seems to be a trace of a mystical force tying his and Rosen's heart tightly together and connecting them by their souls.
(
TN
: This chapter will be me testing out the whole scheduled chapter thing. If this works, it should come out in the morning on the 8th. Hello from the past I guess lol?)
Chapter 104: Reunion
At 7 o'clock in the evening, Lin Yuan and Caesar stood on the bridge overlooking the navigation route. Snow and Brian had also walked over, Brian walked up to Lin Yuan and said with a smile: "Just look at the way you hold yourself, isn’t it quite dignified, ah? How are things? Does being a commander feel super awe-inspiring and all?"
Lin Yuan said sincerely: "No, I actually feel like I'm under quite a bit of pressure."
Brian waved him off and said, "Nothing to worry about there either. Nothing bad will happen with Lieutenant Colonel Ian here. Not only that, but my Father also sent out the latest warships developed by the Hydra Legion. The equipment in this fleet is the greatest and latest in the Empire. I even gave the systems a once over just now and not a problem in sight."
Lin Yuan asked in surprise: "So you had gone to examine the systems?"
Brian laughed as he said: "If not that, then what did you think I was doing just now?"
Lin Yuan: "…"
He thought Brian was slacking off and stowed himself away somewhere to sleep, he didn't expect Brian to actually have such a high sense of self-responsibility and dutifully go with Lieutenant Colonel Ian to check the warship’s interior equipment system. Because of his relationship with Snow, Lin Yuan has always seen Brian in a not too pleasant light, but Brian is still quite reliable when it matters. After completing the upgrade of Suzaku in just one short day, Lin Yuan actually recognizes Brian’s ability in his heart.
Facing Brian’s smile, Lin Yuan also gave a friendly smile and said: “I hope nothing goes wrong throughout the duration of this journey. If all goes well, we will reach at Pavo tomorrow afternoon.”
Caesar smiled and laid a hand on Lin Yuan’s shoulder, he spoke softly: "Don't worry, I have a hunch, we should find and locate your fathers very soon."
Hearing what Caesar said, Lin Yuan couldn't help but feel happy.
Snow suddenly walked up to Lin Yuan and said: "Xiao Yuan, I have something I need to ask you, just between the two of us."
Lin Yuan glanced at Snow a bit confused. Seeing that Snow had a serious look on his face, he turned around and said to Caesar: “I’m going to go with Snow to the lounge. You help out with monitoring the navigation route, call me if there’s a problem."
Caesar nodded, "I’m right here, go right on ahead."
This put Lin Yuan at ease, he then took Snow and turned towards the direction of the private lounge.
Seeing the retreating figures of the two Omega’s turned backs, Brian shrugged somewhat helplessly and said: "Alas, these two brothers are running off again all hush-hush… Why is it that every time, they think that we’re nothing but excess baggage?"
Caesar smiled and said: "It's probably because they have something that isn’t fit for us to know about."
***
Caesar hit the bulls-eye, it was indeed unfit for those two Alphas to know of Snow's question to Lin Yuan.
After entering the lounge with Lin Yuan, Snow wasted no time and ripped the band-aid right off: "Xiao Yuan, you’ve been completely marked by Caesar, haven't you?"
Lin Yuan: "…"
Facing Snow’s unperturbed gaze, Lin Yuan's ears went a little red, he didn't know what to say.
That was way too blunt. Who would have thought he would have jumped straight to asking this kind of question, has studying medicine made his thinking so unabashed?
Seeing his younger brother blush, Snow became more certain of his previous conjecture, "How does your body feel after being marked? Is there any discomfort? Any fever?"
Lin Yuan: "…"
So it really was the tone a doctor consulting a patient would use.
For three days, with White Feather on the spacecraft keeping a constant guard on the door and isolating all freshly circulated air and sounds coming from the interior, the confidentiality measures should have been done perfectly. Even Snow believed the statement of him being sick. How could he suddenly ask him such a question?
Lin Yuan shook his head and said with some bewilderment: "How did you know?"
Snow replied, "One of the medicines my father brought you was an oral contraceptive, so I just went on from there."
So that was it…
Lin Yuan explained somewhat embarrassedly: "Well actually, the day before Uncle injected me with the inhibitor, because of a sudden reaction my body had, I took the pills that Dr. Fornt gave me and suppressed it for the time being. I didn’t think that the two medicines would have different compositions and affect each other. On the spacecraft, my inhibitor suddenly failed, so I asked for Caesar’s mark."
Thinking of the course of events leading to being marked, Lin Yuan's face went even redder and he even felt that he couldn't lift his head to face his brother.
Snow sometimes really felt that the nerves of this brother of his were awfully thick. For someone who was an Omega, he didn’t have the slightest awareness of being one. As his elder brother who also studied medicine, Snow felt that it was his duty to properly provide this little guy with some general scientific knowledge pertaining to Omegas.
After a moment of silence, Snow asked: "Did you take the emergency contraceptive Dad gave you on time?"
Lin Yuan said hurriedly: “I did."
Snow breathed out a sigh of relief and said: "Then that’s fine. I feared that you didn’t take the contraceptive pill in a moment of carelessness. If you get pregnant now, not only will you be expelled from school, but once your Omega identity is exposed, you may also attract a lot of trouble. Now isn’t the right time for you to get pregnant."
Lin Yuan said: "I know."
Snow then said: "You’ve been injecting inhibitors for a long time, the pheromone levels in your body are not very stable. Being abruptly marked is a great burden to the body. During this time, should you feel any discomfort, you must tell me immediately so that I can help you think up of measures to deal with it."
Lin Yuan nodded in earnest, "Okay."
Snow said, "Silver Snow, come and give a full examination to Xiao Yuan's body."
“Yes, Master."
The silver mech quickly came out of the space button at its master's call and shifted into a small humanoid mech. It used a probe to draw some blood out from Lin Yuan's veins for a quick lab assessment.
After a while, Silver Snow posted the assessment results in front of Snow. Snow carefully looked it over and finally relaxed. He smiled and said: "Fortunately, you got through this estrus without issue this time. Your pheromone level is currently stable. In three months, re-inject the inhibitor. Many Omegas aren’t very sure as to the time interval between estrus periods. You should be a bit more cautious."
Lin Yuan rushed his words: "I know."
Snow called for his brother alone, mainly because he was worried about his physical condition. There weren't any issues with his examination results, so he was able to relinquish his worries. After giving it some thought, Snow handed his e-reader to Lin Yuan, and briefed him in a whisper: "This here is a book, please take a closer look. In any case, we won’t arrive at Pavo until tomorrow afternoon. That is enough time for you to finish looking it over. If there is anything you don’t understand, don’t hesitate to ask me."
“What book is it?” Lin Yuan hesitantly turned the reader on, right as the screen turned on he saw a finely displayed electronic book.
“The Universal Handbook of Omega Physiology"
Inquisitively looking down the table of contents, Lin Yuan was soon thereafter struck dumb— Physiological Structure of Omega, Basic Estrus Knowledge of Omega, Detailed Processes and Precautions, Steps to Completely Marking Omega, Omega Pregnancy Symptoms, Pregnancy Precautions, Aftercare Plan Following Childbirth……
This book describes all the physiological knowledge pertaining to Omegas in great detail. Lin Yuan casually turned a page and flipped to the Complete Mark section which was so serious it went so far as to very scientifically depict the positioning of an Alpha and Omega doing a full mark.
The physiological organs in the picture— compromised of the Alpha’s sex organ and the Omega’s inner walls are drawn extremely true to life. The position of the prostate and the Omega’s deeper passageway was also marked out in detail. Even the principle of the child being born into creation following a complete mark is described…
Lin Yuan felt that his worldview was really pretty poor.
How could Snow let him see this kind of book with a straight face? Really, is everyone who studies medicine so blunt?
In reality, Snow gave Lin Yuan a book that was nearly in the hands of every Omega in the Empire. Dr. Wald had set it aside for Snow, Snow had studied it very carefully when he was ten years old.
Compared to Lin Yuan's ignorance, Snow seemed to have matured fairly early?
***
The Hydra Legion's fleet finally arrived near the Pavo Galaxy at 4 pm the next day.
After taking the third route onward, although it was a full day later than originally planned, fortunately, the journey was uneventful and everything went off without a hitch.
The warship made a pit stop over at the outer edge of the Pavo galaxy. Lin Yuan and several others closely looked over the star atlas simulation of the Pavo Galaxy.
—In this vast galaxy, excluding the large number of uninhabitable stars, the sheer number of unknown planets is also fairly impressive. Like the eyes on the tail of a peacock, they were spread over the entire starfield. Among so many planets, finding Rosen and Ling Yu’s exact position wasn’t going to be a walk in the park.
Lin Yuan lowered his head and contemplated for a moment. He looked around at the gathered crew and said: “It’s too time-consuming to scour through so many planets one by one. It would be better for me to take Suzaku to check in person. The speed of an S-Class mech is much faster than that of warships and within a certain distance from Black Dragon, Suzaku will be able to generate a connection…" Lin Yuan turned around and looked at everyone inquiringly, "What do you think?"
Zhou Yi frowned, "You going alone? Out of the question, I won’t be able to rest in peace!"
Lin Yuan Yuan said in all earnest: "Master if the fleet is to search on a planet by planet basis, it may not even be completed in ten and a half months."
Caesar rushed to speak: "I'll accompany you with White Feather, so the two of us can watch each other's back, isn’t that so?"
White Feather immediately followed up guns blazing, saying: "Yes, yes, correctamundo! I have a connection with Predecessor Black Dragon too!"
Zhou Yi couldn't help thinking in his mind: Why is this little prince so good to his apprentice?
He couldn't help give Caesar a puzzled look. Caesar turned to Zhou Yi and smiled, saying: "Pavo is far outside of the Federation’s border, so we shouldn’t encounter the Federation's Legions. On top of that, we have the two S-Class mechs, White Feather and Suzaku with us. Even if we encounter any danger, there’s no need to get too worried.”
Lin Yuan went along with his words: “That’s right, Caesar and I will pilot our S-Class mechs up ahead to map out our path, the fleet will follow behind as support. Master, do you think this is good?”
What Lin Yuan said was the quickest way. Taking advantage of the formidable jump speed and individual combat capability of an S-class mech, he and Caesar went out to a planet to probe out a path first, the huge warship followed at a relatively slow speed, providing aid and safeguarding. So long as they do not exceed a certain distance, the mech and the warship can maintain communication at any time.
Zhou Yi fell silent for a moment, then eventually nodded. Seeing that no one had had any objection to this, Lin Yuan and Caesar prepared to set off, summoning their mechs and having the warship release the hatch.
Out of nowhere, Snow suggested: "Is there a co-pilot seat in Suzaku? I'll come together with you."
He was still not confident about his younger brother's physical condition. He wanted to stay by Lin Yuan's side and Lin Yuan had no reason to refuse.
Snow wanted to come, and so Brian was naturally bound to follow after Caesar into White Feather's cockpit.
Preceding the rest of the fleet, the four people set off in the S-class mech, White Feather and Suzaku space jumped to the nearest minor planet at the fastest speed, then activated the detection system and circled around the planet, detecting whether or not there were traces of Black Dragon on it.
Even though the S-Class mech flew extremely fast, it took nearly half an hour to circle the entire planet, the results were nevertheless frustrating to no end— not a single trace of Black Dragon could be found on this planet, yet a plethora of baffling vegetation thrived.
Lin Yuan was pretending to be collected on the surface, but he was actually overcome with anxiety in his heart. He wished that he could immediately find the location of his two fathers and fly to their side in an instant, but he also knew that in the matter of looking for someone, it was nothing one should rush. He must stay calm and patient.
Taking a deep breath to put his emotions in check, Lin Yuan took the initiative to connect to White Feather's communicator, he smiled and said, "There’s nothing here, move onto the next one." He then designated a target point on a planet from the star atlas and sent it Caesar's way, "Let’s go look over here.”
There are many planets in Pavo, he searched them one by one and when the clock struck 10 in the evening, they had gone through around seven to eight planets in a row with nothing to show for it.
Lin Yuan's heart gradually grew a little uneasy…
After all, his parents being in Pavo had only a theoretical inference by Caesar and Berg, no one could say for sure whether it would hold up.
What if there were other pressing factors at that time, and Father piloted Black Dragon to another galaxy?
Or what if the two of them had encountered the Federation’s enemy forces during their voyage, what if something happened then?
So long as that possibility exists, they may not be in Pavo. Lin Yuan fixed his gaze onto the cosmic star atlas before him and he couldn't help tightening his grip on the navigation bridge.
Snow looked back at him and said: "Don't worry, there are still two planets left. If we really can't find them here, let's go to the nearby Apus Galaxy and look for them."
Suzaku perceived it’s Master’s depressed mood and softly comforted: "Master, as long as Black Dragon is still alive, it will surely protect the Marshal well. I have no doubt that both the Marshal and the General will be fine."
Lin Yuan spoke in a low voice: "I hope they are fine too, but… I’m a little worried, I want to find them as soon as possible…"
Snow put his hand on his younger brother's shoulder and said consolingly: "I understand."
Lin Yuan had been separated from his dad for many years and Snow understood his feelings about wanting to see his dad as soon as possible. At the time when he had been separated from his dad, he had also longed to see him again day and night…
Snow pointed to a small planet located on the top of the Pavo star atlas and said: "Let's continue looking over here, maybe we will find something."
Lin Yuan nodded and commanded Suzaku through the red nerve wire entwined around his fingers: "Suzaku, let's go."
***
He hadn't expected Snow's words to ring true. On the last planet in Pavo, sure enough, there was an unexpected discovery.
Through the majority of the planets they had gone through, the survivability of plants and animals was few and far in-between, but this planet had extremely lush forests. It was 10 o’clock in the evening, but strangely enough, on this planet daytime still reigned. The planet was shrouded in a beautiful purple light and the sight stretching out before their eyes were very clear. The strange trees in the forest are tall and dense and the oxygen quality in the air was higher than that of the Capital Star in Cepheus.
Lin Yuan's heart beat suddenly and fiercely. He looked at the large expanse of forest under his feet and said excitedly: "This planet is suitable for human habitation, maybe my dads are here! Suzaku, quick—”Suzaku immediately spread out its red wings and increased its flying speed, its red eyes flashed with dazzling brilliance.
White Feather excitedly stuck to Suzaku’s heels and said to Caesar: "Master, Master, this planet is so beautiful. I'll capture panoramic imaging of this planet as we fly by later! The lighting here is much nicer-looking than the white lighting of Cepheus. The plants in the forest also look pretty interesting. The rattans on those trees look like hair, the way they float around is very fascinating! What do you think?"
Caesar said helplessly: "…don't lose focus, pay attention to your detection system!"
Bai Yu: "…oh."
After a moment of silence, White Feather couldn't help but say: "Master, I didn't sense the existence of Predecessor Black Dragon, could it be shut down?"
In all reality, White Feather had just said this casually, because Senior Suzaku often said it couldn't stand their chatter and it would shut down. Unexpectedly, these words reminded Caesar of something in an instant as if he were enlightened by Buddha’s teachings—
That’s right, S-Class mechs can only detect each other after turning on the detection system. In ordinary circumstances, an S-Class mech would turn on its detection system so they didn't stop to consider this, but what if Black Dragon had just happened to shut down its detection system? Or, as White Feather said, Black Dragon just so happened to have shut down?
If that’s the case, then, Suzaku and White Feather wouldn’t be able to sense the existence of Black Dragon at all!
Thinking of this, Caesar immediately connected to Suzaku's communicator and said: "Xiao Yuan, it is possible that the Black Dragon has not activated its detection system and with that being that, we wouldn’t have been able to sense its existence at all!"
Lin Yuan was taken aback and came to the sudden realization: "Yes, I almost overlooked this bit. We have been relying on searching around the planets for them with the detection system, but if Black Dragon hasn’t initiated its reconnaissance system, that method just isn’t of any use!"
Caesar suggested: "This planet is very suitable for human habitation. Maybe they are here. We ought to fly at low altitudes and let Suzaku and White Feather carefully scan and search the surface.
Lin Yuan nodded immediately and said: "Okay, Suzaku, quickly descend."
Suzaku heeded its Master's command and suddenly dove downward, landing close to 100 meters from the ground. White Feather also followed and descended. Two huge S-Class mechs flew side by side and began to move carefully along the dense forest, scanning inch by inch.
***
In the cave, Rosen and Ling Yu were preparing to eat breakfast.
According to the Imperial Standard Time, it was now 10 o’clock in the evening, but on this planet, the sun had just made its way over the horizon. Day and night alternate very quickly. The 6 hours of nighttime and the 6 hours of daytime caused Rosen and Ling Yu’s biological clocks to fall out of order.
Rosen washed the picked fruits, put them on the plate, and handed them to Ling Yu.
Ling Yu still had no appetite whatsoever, he frowned and picked up a fruit before putting it back down.
Rosen placed the fruit in his hand and said in a low voice: "You must eat something even if you don’t feel like eating. You need the nourishment now… I just found this kind of fruit yesterday. Although it looks strange, it actually tastes pretty good. Wanna give it a try?"
Rosen thoughtfully helped Ling Yu peel off the skin and brought the tender inner white flesh up to Ling Yu's lips.
Ling Yu opened his mouth and Rosen immediately hand-fed the fruit to Ling Yu. What was surprising was that this fruit was sour and the taste was indeed quite good, and not only that, the sourness seemed to alleviate the nausea in his stomach.
Seeing Ling Yu eating the fruit, Rosen felt a burst of joy overtake his heart, he couldn't help peeling another fruit to hand feed him with.
Ling Yu was a little embarrassed and said: "I'll do it…”
Being hand-fed things like a child, such a scene had been unthinkable for Ling Yu, but just a moment ago, he actually opened his mouth of his own initiative and ate the food Rosen fed him?
…for this man's bottom line, it seemed to be getting lower and lower.
It was at this moment that Black Dragon’s golden eyes suddenly lit up as it stood in the doorway sparing no effort in gathering light—
In the sky not too far away, two mechs, one red and one white were flying slowly over the forest with their wings spread. The white and red mech’s searchlights projected large tracts of light on the ground, cementing the fact that they were carefully examining and scanning the scene within their projection range.
As soon as it saw the two mechs hovering over the forest, Black Dragon wasted no time in calmly turning on its detection system—
In those very same moments, in Suzaku's control cabin, a constantly flashing black dot appeared on its monitoring screen like a signal indication. Suzaku reported immediately: "Master, the mech, Black Dragon has been located up ahead, the target location is 173.97.1086…"
Lin Yuan widened his eyes in surprise, looking at the black dot, "Suzaku, move towards the target point!"
In fact, there was no need for Lin Yuan to issue a command, Suzaku flew towards the target point the moment it found the target location.
White Feather was leisurely scanning the landscape of the planet, seeing Predecessor Suzaku suddenly fly off somewhere, it took a closer look at its detection system. Sure enough, it found the Black Dragon’s location and immediately followed Suzaku seething in excitement.
In the cave, Black Dragon calmly returned to the cave and reported to Rosen: "Master, White Feather and Suzaku are here."
Rosen stared blankly ahead and Ling Yu raised his head in surprise. The two had yet to fully react and respond to the up and coming situation when they heard a clear and hearty voice laced with obvious excitement coming from the entrance of the cave: "Father!"
Rosen: "……………"
Rosen, who was about to feed Ling Yu a fruit, dropped the nicely peeled fruit to the ground with a resounding “plop”.
Chapter 105: Reunion
"Father!"
This voice sounds especially familiar and Xiao Yuan would also be the only one who would call him father— but how could Xiao Yuan be here?
Rosen was stunned and before he had time to react, he saw a young man abruptly burst into the cave and rush towards him as fast as his muscles could carry him.
Rosen: "……………"
The little guy who threw himself into his arms had his excitement written all over his face, his eyes shone as he raised his head to look at Rosen, speaking with joy bleeding through his voice: "I’ve finally found you! You really are okay, I’m so relieved…"
Getting to those words, his voice couldn't help but get choked up. Lin Yuan buried himself in his father's warm embrace and tightly hugged Rosen.
Rosen froze for a moment, feeling the faint trembling of the boy overcome with emotion as he threw himself into his arms. With his heart growing soft, he couldn't help but gently stroke his son's hair and ask in a low voice: "Xiao Yuan, how did you come looking here?"
Lin Yuan spoke through the tightness in his throat: "The Military Department announced the news of your death and said that your funeral would be held three days later. I thought…"
Rosen's heart received even more of a shock— while he was indeed missing for a little over a month, wouldn't the Glory Legion be looking for him all the while? With Lieutenant General Victor’s cautious personality, he would never rashly claim that the Marshal’s life had been lost to the public before his body was found… Oh, did they find the remnants of the Replica Black Dragon and mistakenly think it was his own mech?
Rosen quickly sorted his thoughts out and came to his senses, he couldn't help but tightly hug his son, his distress evident. Burrowing into his hold, he stroked the hair on his son’s head and comforted him with a soothing voice: "I'm okay, don't be sad."
Lin Yuan took a deep breath, he steadied his emotions and said cheerfully: "En, it’s great that you’re okay! It was Berg who saw that the mech was not Black Dragon and came to the conclusion that you hadn’t died, I just searched along the way!"
Rosen frowned: "You went looking by yourself?"
Lin Yuan spoke in a hurry: "No, General Drew sent a fleet to protect me, and Caesar, Brian, and Snow were there too. Even Master and Dr. Fornt came along. I just notified the fleet, they should be landing on this planet soon."
Rosen asked: "Did you run into anything dangerous on the way?"
Lin Yuan shook his head and said: "Everything went smoothly the whole way here."
Rosen gave a small smile before relinquishing his worries. Past every expectation of his, Xiao Yuan had come running to look for him. He was remarkably flabbergasted and surprised. However, since it was Berg and Drew who were backing them up, this was good news on top of good news. He and Ling Yu could return to Naomi Star ahead of plan.
Rosen looked back at Ling Yu, only to find that Ling Yu's face was a bit unnaturally stiff.
Words failed to describe Ling Yu’s frame of mind at this moment. Although he had seen what Xiao Yuan looked like as he grew up in the videos sent by Zhou Yi, looking on now as the child walks in front of him, it is an entirely different feeling than that of the one in the video recordings.
Xiao Yuan had grown up to be so big…
He was a tall and slender boy with clear and bright eyes, his face was still a mirror image of when he was a child, a bit of baby fat still remains. When he smiled, it would give others a feeling of warm sunshine blazing down upon them, so full of life.
Just now the scene of Xiao Yuan throwing himself into Rosen’s arms and Rosen hugging him back and consoling him with a gentle voice gave a great blow to Ling Yu's mind— he had no idea that the connection Rosen and Xiao Yuan had between each other after only knowing one another for a few months would be so powerful.
That scene of this father and son hugging gave Ling Yu's heart an incredible shock.
The blood that runs thicker than water, the love of one’s own flesh and blood is brought to life with the reunion granted to them despite every calamity past befallen— the son's worry and concern and the father's devotion and gentleness converge together, so naturally and so warmly.
This is the nature of the bloodline connections closely interwoven to form the future…
Ling Yu stared at the scene in a daze, unable to say a word.
In order to implement His Majesty’s plan, he founded an underground military base in Naomi Star. Knowing that his child was young and at an unsuitable age to go around living with him in such a dangerous place as the frontlines at Naomi Star, going against every fiber of his being, he sent Xiao Yuan away to a safe place and arranged for Zhou Yi and Fornt to take care of him more than he ever could have.
In the blink of an eye, fourteen years had flown by and the chubby little tot had already grown into a tall and slender young man…
When Xiao Yuan left his side, he was still a four-year-old child. He was ignorant and oblivious to the world. Ling Feng performed a memory removal operation on him. He shouldn’t have any memories at all concerning this dad of his…
Seeing him being so intimate with Rosen, Ling Yu felt the emergence of an inexplicable sense of loss— Xiao Yuan didn’t remember him, he was closer to Rosen. This was a very normal reaction, but the strange sense of loss enclosed around his heart like a pair of invisible hands, causing a sudden seizing pain to wash over his heart.
He even couldn't help but think of this little one when he was a child, he stuck himself to his side all day long, and the moment he saw him, he would go all smiles and hold his arms out in front of him. The scene of him calling out dad with his young and puerile voice would melt him down to his core, he’d then lift him up into his arms and go around looking for something nice for him to eat.
Yet now, he doesn’t even recognize him…
Rosen quickly noticed Ling Yu's mood shift and found that their father-and-son conversation was actually throwing up a wall between Ling Yu. Rosen made a smart move and immediately let Xiao Yuan go and spoke in a low voice: "Come and see your dad."
He then sent Xiao Yuan over to Ling Yu and said with a smile: "This is Ling Yu, your dad."
Xiao Yuan looked somewhat inquisitively at the other man standing beside Rosen— the man still wore a dark blue military uniform. His neat and tidy military uniform makes his figure all the more slender and straight. There was an icy indifference coating his delicate face, his lips were also tightly pressed together, his face seeming to hold no emotions. But in those first few seconds where the man raised his head, Lin Yuan was met with a pair of black and clear eyes, not unlike his own.
The feeling of looking at each other face to face put him on cloud nine…
The other parts of Lin Yuan's body held practically zero resemblance to his two fathers. It was only in his eyes where one could see a trait passed down by his dad, Ling Yu. The moment Lin Yuan met that man's eyes, Lin Yuan immediately recognized him—
He was Ling Yu, that was his dad.
The memories of his childhood flashed through his mind. This man had taught him how to speak and taught him how to read. He even found the time to take him to the beach to play by the sandy seaside, bake nice cakes for him, and when he was sent away, it was with a gentle voice that he explained to him: in the future, you must go on living with everything you’ve got…
Now that he has grown up, Lin Yuan can understand the reason why he had to send him away back then— as a general, taking a young child to the battlefield was a lose-lose situation for both parties. He sent him to a place where he could be safe under the protection of his subordinates. Such a thing is within reason.
It was never that he didn’t want him…
It was that he went through great pains to choose the most suitable environment for his son to grow up in…
Lin Yuan has never blamed his dad for leaving him behind. Seeing him again now, there was not the slightest bit of resentment in his heart. On the contrary, there was only immense joy and gratification in this time of their reunion.
After so many years had gone by, Dad seemed to have never changed at all?
He still looked beautiful and full of youth. His cold indifference was only surface level, Lin Yuan knew his dad was actually warm down in his core. In his fuzzy memories, he was a little gremlin when he was a child, he would go around causing trouble, yet his dad was never willing to give him a beating…
Fourteen whole years of parting may have made the originally close father and son become estranged, but at the moment of this reunion, the kinship in their blood brought their connection closer.
A watery sheen emerged in Lin Yuan's eyes, walking step by step up to Ling Yu, he called out, his throat closing up: "Dad…"
After he finished his words, Lin Yuan warmly threw himself into Ling Yu's arms as if not a day had gone by. He hugged his dad tightly, burrowing his head in his embrace, just as he did when he was a child.
Ling Yu: "…………."
He didn't expect Lin Yuan to be so outgoing and touchy-feely. He went straight into his arms the moment he saw him after so many years of separation.
The expression on Ling Yu's face was stiff, and then stiff some more, and for a while, he was thrown into a loop by his son's hug.
This little guy had such a soft body, being tightly held by him felt very nice. With his head full of hair buried in his chest, the feelings of dependence, trust, and longing for his dad are transferred right to the bottom of his heart, almost instantly knocking down all of Ling Yu’s walls.
Ling Yu awkwardly stood there at a loss for words, Rosen, however, looked completely content off to the side— he knew that Xiao Yuan was a delight, and no matter how cold and detached Ling Yu was, he had to lower his iceberg outer shell in front of such a lively and enthusiastic son.
Sure enough, Xiao Yuan did not disappoint him. Not only did he not lengthen the divide between Ling Yu, he threw himself into his dad's arms full of excitement as soon as they met, making Ling Yu, his haughty dad, also stand as stiff as a statue at a loss.
Seeing Ling Yu's face stiffened by his son's enthusiasm, Rosen's mood grew better and better. Sure enough, things were different having a lively son, their familial connection could no longer be broken off.
Being held by his son like an octopus, Ling Yu could barely breathe, but the little guy in his stomach seemed to want to make itself known. Ling Yu’s stomach was suddenly churned, he almost dry heaved in front of Lin Yuan.
Ling Yu immediately pushed Lin Yuan away, his face turned white as a sheet and he turned to the table, took a glass of water, and drank it.
Rosen noticed that something was wrong with him, so he hurriedly pulled Xiao Yuan over and explained, "Your dad is not feeling well, don't hold him like that."
Lin Yuan gave a committal hum and anxiously looked at Ling Yu: "Dad is sick?"
Ling Yu: "……………"
As a general, Ling Yu had never felt as pathetic as he did at this moment even when he was besieged by the enemy on the battlefield.
His eldest stood in front of him, asking his father deeply concerned about whether he was sick with a serious look on his face, while the little one was still making its existence known with its incessant nausea attacks— Ling Yu didn’t know how to even begin explaining it.
Everyone thought that he and Rosen were in peril. In the end, he and Rosen had actually spent three full days messing around on this strange planet, and even having a child in such dire straits?
If this information got out, the people of the military would surely laugh themselves to death.
Seeing Ling Yu's pale face, Rosen graciously stepped in and explained to Lin Yuan: "Your dad is not feeling too well after eating something bad. He just doesn’t feel well, it’s nothing too serious."
Ling Yu turned around and went back to the bed, he swept his bone-chillingly cold gaze over Rosen, yet Rosen only gave him an innocent smile in return.
Ling Yu looked at Xiao Yuan and found that this stupid son of his had completely fallen for his father's explanation; hook, line, and sinker. He smiled and said, "Oh, then go get some rest, Dad. I'll find some anti-nausea medicine for you later. We’ll be good to go tomorrow."
Ling Yu: "……….."
This big one and this little one will practically be the death of him.
Ling Yu hadn't properly spoken since seeing Xiao Yuan. Lin Yuan knew that his dad’s character had just always been like that so he didn’t take it to heart. He very happily took off the red space button necklace on his neck and held it up to Ling Yu: "Dad, this is Suzaku, I should give it back to you."
Suzaku came out of the space button and shifted into a humanoid mech. It stood in front of Ling Yu and spoke in a near whisper: "Master, I've returned."
Ling Yu: "…"
I've returned.
Just those few words said what even a thousand words couldn't.
I’ve returned, I’ve finally taken my place back at your side. Not once have I forgotten you through all of these years. My master is the sole Omega General of the Empire’s history. I am willing to protect you no matter the cost— my Master, Ling Yu.
Looking at the glaringly familiar plating of red, hearing that familiar voice entering his ears… a smidge of emotion suddenly emerged on Ling Yu's perpetually frozen solid face, his jet-black eyes also moistened.
This mech had once accompanied him through both fire and water and stood by him throughout the years of countless blazing battles in the war. He even placed his life in Suzaku’s hands. It could be said that Suzaku is his most trusted partner and even his closest friend whom he could talk to about anything and everything.
Unexpectedly, after nineteen years of separation, he and Suzaku could actually meet again.
Even more unexpectedly, Suzaku could do so without a scratch.
Suzaku took the initiative to stretch out its hand in front of Ling Yu, the ghost of a smile finally appeared on the corners of his mouth. He gently placed his slender fingers on the large metal palms of the red mech and whispered: "Suzaku, welcome back."
Suzaku nodded earnestly, the flickering of its red eyes seemed to display its happiness.
The tacit understanding between the master and its mech didn't require too many words. Ling Yu accepted the space button and Suzaku immediately returned to the space button at ease, dazzling red streams of light dissipating into the air.
Ling Yu then looked up at his son and said in a low voice: "…Xiao Yuan, you come here."
Lin Yuan walked to his dad's side and sat down obediently, "What's wrong, Dad?"
Ling Yu looked back at him with a serious tone, he asked, "Was it you who rescued Suzaku?"
As far as he knew, Suzaku should have been held captive in the museum. Yet it was taken along with Lin Yuan to Pavo, Ling Yu couldn’t even begin to rationalize it.
Facing his dad’s questioning gaze, Lin Yuan talked through the process of Suzaku's escape from the museum in full-disclosure. Everything from Caesar and Brian using underhanded means to downgrade Suzaku to C-Class and then exchanging it with the prize of the National Mech Competition, to how they ultimately kept the Mech Association in the dark. He carefully recounted the matter of him becoming Suzaku’s provisional master to his dad.
Ling Yu deeply frowned when he heard him and couldn't help saying: "You are too reckless, what if you had been discovered?"
It felt nice for his dad to worry over him. Lin Yuan smiled happily and said: "Not a chance. Brian is very highly skilled, there wasn’t a trace left behind of the modification process. Before we set off for this, Suzaku had also been upgraded back to S-Class. Except for a few of us who were already in the know, no one would ever expect that the prize given to me in the National Competition would be replaced by Suzaku."
Ling Yu heard the name "Caesar" repeatedly mentioned throughout his son's narration, he then asked: "The one you’ve mentioned… the roommate who thought up of the plan to swap Suzaku. Is he His Majesty’s son, the youngest prince Caesar?"
Lin Yuan nodded and said: "Yes, he’s helped me out a lot."
Ling Yu said: "Black Dragon just said that White Feather is also here. Did Caesar come together with you?"
Lin Yuan said: "Yes, they seem to be outside…"
Ling Yu said: "Let them come in."
Lin Yuan ran up to the entrance of the cave and said to the few people waiting outside the entrance: "You guys can come in!"
In reality, the matter of Caesar, Brian, and the others staying outside the cave was not that they didn't dare to enter, but rather that they wanted to give Lin Yuan a bit of alone time and some space. Lin Yuan must have had a lot to say when he met his parents again. It wasn’t good for a bunch of outsiders to crowd in on the scene.
Seeing Lin Yuan coming out to call them in, the three turned and walked into the cave.
Brian and Lin Yuan were nothing more than friends. He naturally didn’t have too much to say upon seeing his parents. He was just a bit curious about the legendary Omega General. He couldn’t help but look at the man standing next to the Marshal, secretly admiring in awe over the unique temperament of this Omega General.
Snow is not acquainted with the Marshal and it is his first time meeting Ling Yu, but Ling Yu is the younger twin brother of his dad, his take upon seeing Ling Yu is very amiable. As one from the younger generation, Snow should naturally greet him. After coming into contact with those black eyes that looked like a cardboard cutout of his own dad’s, Snow took the initiative to walk in front of Ling Yu and smile politely, saying: "So you are Uncle Ling Yu? I’m Snow."
Ling Yu and Snow had briefly encountered one another in the underground city, but the existing state of affairs at that time was pressing and he was knocked out with anesthetic effective immediately. He did not get to see him properly. It was at this time now that he was really looking at him, he found that Snow did not at all resemble his older brother, Ling Feng, but instead inherited Udir's azure eyes and platinum blonde hair. With his fair skin and slender build, he looked very delicate and gentle.
Ling Yu couldn't help but smile, he nodded and said: "Is your dad okay now? Is he with Udir?"
Snow nodded and said, "Yes, he is acting as a doctor and he stays with Father’s Rose Legion. Before setting off, he specially told to me to tell you to please not worry, he is safe now… Also, the Rose Legion’s communication lines are strictly monitored by the military’s defense network. When the moment comes, if you are in need of the Rose Legion’s assistance, you can connect with Dad’s communicator directly.”
He didn’t expect for Ling Feng’s son to be so sensible, Ling Yu felt very delighted. Seeing Snow’s gaze, he couldn’t help but be reassured, he nodded and said: “I see, I will contact your dad when I get back."
Ling Yu turned his gaze to the last tall young man. This youth looked very calm and firm. After entering the cave, he remained silent and the expression on his face was also very placid. So he was probably His Majesty Trent’s son?
Sure enough, after meeting Ling Yu's gaze, the young man was quick to deferentially say: "General, it's a pleasure to meet you, I am Caesar."
Ling Yu nodded, "Listening to what Xiao Yuan had to say, you helped him a lot in school? Saving Suzaku was also your idea?"
Caesar rushed to speak: "I just threw my two cents here and there, for the most part, it was just Xiao Yuan pulling through. Xiao Yuan winning the national competition championship on behalf of the school gave us the in to hide it from the Mech Association and swap Suzaku in."
Ling Yu said insipidly: "There’s no need to be so modest, thank you for taking care of Xiao Yuan at school."
Caesar: "…"
All of these compliments are simply overwhelming!
Although he maintained his composure on the surface, Caesar had already been holding back his cold sweat with clenched fists. The scene of being scolded by the Marshal still lives rent-free in his mind, clear as day. Finding out that General Ling Yu's personality is even more indifferent and proud, Caesar has already prepared himself for a ruthless chiding.
He didn’t expect that although General Ling Yu spoke with a cold indifference, he did not seem to be discontent with him in the slightest? He even thanked him for taking care of Xiao Yuan of his own accord? Could it be that he approved of the existence of this "son-in-law"?
In all reality, Caesar had really just thought too much into it. Lin Yuan hadn’t told his dad that he had been marked by Caesar. Ling Yu still thought that Caesar was a "nice, loyal roommate" and only thanked him out of politeness to express his gratitude. Lin Yuan, who had a thick skull, was too excited when he saw his dad. He completely forgot to tell him that Caesar was his Alpha and accidentally let Caesar escape this calamity unscathed instead.
Chapter 106: The Journey Back Home
Soon thereafter, the Hydra Legion fleet stationed at the rear also landed on this strange planet upon receiving Lin Yuan’s signal. Marching ahead the rest was naturally Lieutenant Colonel Zhou Yi and Dr. Fornt, their hearts nearly beating out of their chests. As soon as they saw Ling Yu in the cave, the two immediately stood upright at attention and gave a respectful military salute to Ling Yu: "General!"
Following the time of the Dark Night Legion’s disbandment, they both kept in contact with Ling Yu through both mail and electronic communications, and now, finally seeing General Ling Yu himself in person, Zhou Yi and Fornt’s excitement threatened to cause tears to spill from their eyes.
Ling Yu was also very excited when he saw his two trusted lieutenants, but the expression on his face was nonetheless calm, he smiled and nodded at them.
Zhou Yi immediately walked up to Ling Yu and asked in concern: "General, are you okay? I heard that you have been missing for more than a month. I was scared to death thinking that something happened to you."
Ling Yu spoke steadily: "I'm okay."
Though really, he wasn’t completely "okay." In this month, he was not only completely marked by Rosen yet again, but also pregnant with his second child. Of course, with Ling Yu’s proud personality, he could never tell such a thing to his subordinate, he could only say a simple "okay".
Fornt said in concern: "General, your complexion doesn't look so good, why don't I give you a thorough examination?"
As the former Captain of the Dark Night Legion’s medical team, Fornt personally took care of Ling Yu when he was ill. Ling Yu's face was indeed a bit unnaturally pale, Fornt suggested a comprehensive examination, Zhou Yi and Lin Yuan naturally agreed.
Zhou Yi quickly echoed after: "Yes, General, let Fornt examine you."
Lin Yuan also looked at him anxiously and said: "Dad, aren't you feeling unwell?"
Ling Yu waved him off with his hand and said: "No need… I know my own body better than anyone. We should just get going as soon as possible."
Fornt wanted to go on with saying something, but Ling Yu shut him up with a meaningful look and he was forced to drop it.
Rosen couldn't help taking a look at Ling Yu. Only he knew the real reason why Ling Yu had such a bad complexion— he was having severe pregnancy symptoms and after two consecutive days of vomiting, how could his complexion be good? But Ling Yu obviously doesn't want to let people know about his pregnancy. Apart from him disliking to disclose personal matters, there was another reason. He is now pregnant at a fairly unsuitable time and that fact being known would only invite more troubles.
Ling Yu didn't want to say it, Rosen naturally acted in tandem with him.
Although he was worried to death, Rosen pretended to effortlessly say on the surface: "It's nothing, General Ling Yu and I have been reliant on eating wild fruits to scrape by. He ate something bad, his complexion isn’t too good.”
Fornt looked at his general, seeing only Ling Yu's tranquil expression, he finally relinquished any lingering worries.
Ling Yu's heart on the other hand was still a little uneasy— From the second Xiao Yuan said that "the military announced the news of Rosen's death and the funeral will be held three days from now," that sense of dread had grown like vines rapidly sprouting in the bottom of his heart.
According to his time estimation, Xiao Yuan should have seen the news on TV three days ago. That is to say, the military will be holding a funeral for Marshal Rosen in the Capital Star of Cepheus any minute now.
If they don't head back as soon as possible, things might just go from bad to worse.
Ling Yu pondered for a moment and then calmly said: "I will pilot Suzaku directly through the Isville Cosmic Wormhole so that I can reach Naomi Star in eight hours. Time is running out, we must return immediately."
Rosen frowned and objected: "I know you are in a hurry to go back, but the risk of doing so is too great. I cannot let you take this risk."
Ling Yu looked back to look at him and said gravely: "The funeral of the Imperial Marshal will be starting soon. We must make every single second count. Do you want to see the Glory Legion be seated under another name? Do you want to see your own portrait hung in the Cemetery of Revolutionary Martyrs of the Capital Star?"
Rosen: "……"
Had it not been for Xiao Yuan coming to find them so out of the blue, they wouldn’t have expected the military to handle matters like this. After all, the life and death of the Imperial Marshal should not be so easily decided before the body is found. Even if the mech fragments were found, they should also be carefully verified. The specialist team would analyze the composition and structure of the wreck in detail, they will then reconstruct the wreck into a 3D simulation, analyze the probability of the master’s escape, etc…. Such careful inspection and verification would take at least half a month.
However, the military seems to be quite eager to announce the news of the Marshal's death. It has become clear that things are not so simple.
Although Rosen was very worried that taking this risk with Ling Yu pregnant would present harm to his body, as the commander-in-chief of the military, he should naturally focus on the big picture in these crucial moments. After lowering his head to think things over for a while, Rosen finally came to a ruling. Looking at Ling Yu, he whispered: "Alright, then I will return with you, Black Dragon, and Suzaku ahead of the others and go directly through the cosmic wormhole. We will strive to get to Naomi Star in as short of time as possible.”
Ling Yu smiled and nodded at Rosen.
—I am not someone weak who needs your worry and protection. Even if I am pregnant, I will use my own strength to protect this child. I won’t be hiding behind you for an eternity.
—Being able to walk side by side with you is what I, Ling Yu, like to do the most, Rosen, don’t you see that now?
Rosen saw right through the thoughts that bled through his resolute and firm gaze, his heart was shaken yet at the same time he felt unbelievably gratified.
—That’s right, his Ling Yu doesn't need anyone's protection. As a general, Ling Yu is more than able to protect himself.
—And as Ling Yu’s Alpha, the best thing to do is not to always be thinking about how to protect Ling Yu, but rather, to understand him, support him, and allow him enough trust and freedom.
When Rosen rescued Ling Yu, he didn’t think these things through clearly. He just wanted to do his best to protect Ling Yu. He wanted to allow Ling Yu to stay at home and give birth to their child without the need for worry. This decision undoubtedly poked Ling Yu’s sore spot, making the prideful Ling Yu choose to leave.
It wasn’t until this moment that Rosen fully realized just how stupid he was back then.
After living through so many years, at this moment, with just a simple glance Rosen finally understood Ling Yu’s innermost thoughts. From Ling Yu's point of view, what Rosen saw was not the fragility and helplessness that a pregnant Omega should have, but the firmness and persistence of a military general.
Nothing about Ling Yu has changed.
He was still the Major General of the Imperial Dark Night Legion who made his subordinates swear their dying loyalty to him and made the enemy forces tremble at the slightest breeze!
If you have such a battlefield companion, have such a lover, what more could Rosen have left to say?
With a simple shared look between them, they had rekindled the deep connection they held between one another as they did those years they spent fighting on the battlefield side by side.
Coming into contact with Ling Yu’s gaze, the corners of his mouth also pulled into a smile.
The two looked straight at each other tacitly and then respectively moved their gazes away as if their mind were on the same wavelength. Rosen looked back at the group of people and said: "Who was in command of the Hydra Legion's fleet prior to this?"
Lieutenant Colonel Ian of the Hydra Legion immediately saluted, saying: "Responding to the Marshal, General temporarily appointed Lin Yuan as the commander. he led us to Pavo to locate your whereabouts."
Rosen looked at Lin Yuan in shock.
Lin Yuan sheepishly smiled at his father and said: "Because I brought Suzaku to find Black Dragon, General Drew let me temporarily command the fleet on the route going onward… In fact, I was so lucky to have had Lieutenant Colonel Ian's help along the way, I have absolutely no experience in commanding a fleet."
His son's modesty and earnesty made Rosen break out into an uncontrollable smile, he called Lin Yuan over to his side and asked in a low voice: "On the way back, do you want to continue being the commander?"
Lin Yuan lowered his voice and said: "…I want to be with Dad, can I?"
After he finished speaking, his glistening eyes looked off to the side at the man with a cold expression.
Although Ling Yu's face had always had a cold indifference about it, Lin Yuan felt that he was especially close and dear to him.
The moment he saw this man, the memories of childhood came pouring out of his mind in an endless flowing torrent. Lin Yuan remembered everything, how his dad was actually very kind-hearted and how well he treated him too… For some reason, he couldn't help but want to be a bit closer to his dad.
Ling Yu: "……"
Faced with his son’s anxious pitch-black eyes aimed right at him, it was physically impossible for him to speak out any words of refusal.
After a moment of silence, Ling Yu said: "Okay, then you come with me."
Lin Yuan immediately said with great enthusiasm: "Great, I will go back with you and the fleet will be handed over to Lieutenant Colonel Ian. With his rich experience, there most certainly won’t be any problems."
Rosen nodded and said to Lieutenant Colonel Ian: "Then it’s been decided. General Ling Yu and I will return to Naomi Star ahead of the others. We will pilot our S-Class mechs directly through the cosmic wormhole. You are to be left in charge of the fleet, continue forward if the surrounding area of the wormhole stays within the expected range, keep in touch should there be any problems."
Lieutenant Colonel Ian promptly saluted: “Understood! Marshal!”
***
The group made no further pit stops and immediately set off on the journey back to Naomi Star after coming to a general consensus on the route.
Black Dragon and Suzaku took their masters one pace up ahead of the others, everyone else tailed at the rear of the fleet to provide support.
Ling Yu had already drawn up the quickest route for the return journey during his time spent in the cave and soon computed the route so that Suzaku could conduct a space jump right to the target point. Black Dragon and Suzaku had been companions for many years, it followed Suzaku tacitly, the time interval separating their respective space jumps wasn’t greater than a single second.
Very soon, the two mechs, one black and one red, were completely swallowed into the vast universe.
Hydra Legion fleet, on the bridge, Brian looked at the two small dots fading into the distance, one black and one red, he finally couldn’t help asking: “Even though crossing through the wormhole is the quickest way, I still think it’s much too big of a risk, isn’t it?”
Snow spoke coolly: “They should know that better than anyone. Since they were able to pilot through level 6 spacial shocks at the time of their escape, they ought to have carefully studied this cosmic wormhole… It certainly won’t pose any problems for them."
Facing Snow's serious gaze, Brian immediately agreed with him: "Yes, yes, what you say does make sense."
Snow: "……"
Caesar had not heard Brian and Snow’s exchange, he was currently frowning in worry.
As it so happened, he really wanted to accompany Xiao Yuan, but Xiao Yuan wanted to be together with his dad and Caesar didn't have a thick enough face to squeeze into Suzaku's control cabin with Xiao Yuan. He had wanted White Feather to tail behind for cover, but unfortunately, White Feather had been in a state of excitement ever since it caught sight of Black Dragon. It unintelligibly rambled: "Why doesn’t Predesscor Black Dragon hate talking? Why is it so distant, why does it ignore me when I greet it? Hadn’t it seen me?"
…when Suzaku is together with you, it is always bothered to the point of wanting to shut down, yet you still wish for Predecessor Black Dragon to say hello to you with a smile? You hopped around like a madman and spit torrents of word-vomit out at it. The fact that Black Dragon didn’t slap you right then and there could serve as a testament to its self-control.
Caesar really had nothing more to say about this chatter-box mech.
It'd be best for him to not let this guy follow after and stir up trouble, right? Causing a ruckus in front of Marshal Rosen and General Ling Yu would only give a terrible impression, ah…
So, Caesar could only swallow this bitter pill and stay behind in the Hydra Legion’s fleet with White Feather, Brian, and the rest, looking on helplessly as his Omega and his two terrifying fathers disappeared into the vast and obscure universe in their mechs.
***
Inside the control cabin of Suzaku. The red nerve line was gently wrapped around Ling Yu's hand. After many years of separation, Suzaku and Ling Yu had completed a mental compatibility match and their compatibility easily exceeded 300%.
Seeing Lin Yuan sitting in the co-pilot seat and looking at him curiously and in amazement, Ling Yu couldn't help but smile and ask in a low voice: "You’ve piloted Suzaku before, haven’t you? How high of a compatibility did you have?"
Lin Yuan bashfully said: "I only got 100%…"
Ling Yu said: "It is already pretty good to get up to 100% your first time piloting. Suzaku is not a newly manufactured mech after all. There are too many memories left in its intelligence center. Your mental threshold should be quite high to be able to pair with such a mech.”
Lin Yuan spoke out of curiosity: “By the way, Dad, I heard that out of all the generals to this day who were in possession of an S-Class mech, your mental threshold is the highest one, is that true?"
Ling Yu shook his head and said: "No, your father is the one who has the highest."
Lin Yuan was a bit taken aback: "Father is the highest?"
Ling Yu said: "En, Mr. Aston had tested us privately, Rosen's mental threshold was 10 points higher than mine… In all honesty, though, an excellent mech pilot is not judged solely by their mental threshold. it also depends on the degree of harmonization between them and their respective mech. Black Dragon tends to be unyielding while Suzaku is more on the flexible side. Although my mental threshold is lower than that of Rosen’s, I really have a 50-50 chance of winning."
Lin Yuan tilted his head off to the side and attempted to envision how Black Dragon and Suzaku would fight… Uh, it’s honestly impossible to picture it.
Lin Yuan couldn't help but smile and say: "I think that if you guys fought, you would have a 0:10 chance of winning. Dad would definitely win."
Ling Yu was thrown in for a loop, "Why do you say that?"
Lin Yuan said in all seriousness: "Father would certainly hate to lay a hand on you, ah, he’d let you win."
Ling Yu: "…………"
Ling Yu couldn't help being embarrassed when his son said such a thing right to his face. If they really were having a battle, Ling Yu would indeed go all out, but with Rosen's character, or a genuine outburst of chauvinism, would he just let his Omega win?
Lin Yuan had actually wanted to close the distance between him and his dad with a joke, but when the joke got to his ice-cold dad, it didn’t seem to be very well received? Could he not have reconciled with Father yet? Did this joke cross a line?
His dad hadn’t said anything, Lin Yuan was also forced to lower his head and say nothing more.
The atmosphere in the control cabin was a bit awkward for a while.
Ling Yu was silent for a bit, then touched his nose. He coughed lightly and changed the subject: "Has Berg told you about the Nine-Tailed Fox?"
Lin Yuan replied obediently; "The Nine-Tailed Fox, isn’t that the SS-Class mech?"
"En." Ling Yu looked back at his son, "Have you ever experienced piloting an S-Class mech?"
Lin Yuan said hurriedly: "I haven’t. The last time after I matched with Suzaku, the stress was too much for me and I fainted… From then on out, Suzaku was downgraded to C-Class and I hadn’t piloted it."
Ling Yu gave it some thought for a while and said: "Then let me teach you."
Lin Yuan's eyes immediately lit up, "Can you?"
The child, with bright glistening eyes, was just as cute as when he was fed good things as a child…
Ling Yu couldn't help smiling and said: "It's okay, the route is already set and it’s still a few hours until our arrival to Naomi Star. There isn’t anything else to do along the way. I may as well teach you some techniques for piloting S-Class mechs."
Lin Yuan bolted upright and insistently put his hand on Suzaku's nerve wire, "Great!"
Ling Yu asked Suzaku to connect a subset of the nerve circuit to Lin Yuan's hand, accepting the consciousness stored in Lin Yuan's mind and quietly ordered Suzaku: "Suzaku, you don't need to conduct a compatibility match with Xiao Yuan. You just need to temporarily transfer part of the piloting authority to Xiao Yuan and obey his commands."
Suzaku said softly: "I see, Master."
Ling Yu looked at his excited son and said: "Xiao Yuan, S-Class mechs aren’t like the C-Class mechs you have piloted before, there’s no need to use the keypad to control it. From now on, you need to forget all of the button commands."
Lin Yuan said in confusion: “Forget every single one?”
Ling Yu said, "Correct, the commands for piloting C-Class mechs are different from those of an S-Class. Those commands will affect your judgment. When piloting an S-Class mecha, you need to entirely unlearn C-class mech piloting commands."
"…I see." Lin Yuan closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and readied himself.
Ling Yu continued on: "An S-Class mech will directly accept its master's consciousness. Whatever you think of, the mech will execute any command. Therefore, when piloting an S-Class mech, you must maintain a high level of concentration…"
Seeing that Lin Yuan's focus began to become centralized and the preparatory work was finalized, Ling Yu then said: "We’re about to leave Pavo. Now try to concentrate and give the mech an order for its next action."
Lin Yuan stared closely at the simulated star atlas in front of him, as expected, the vast Pavo Galaxy gradually faded away on the screen. On the basis of the previous plan, they should take the closest route through the wormhole of the universe. Lin Yuan thought to himself, should he space jump into the wormhole now?
Suzaku should jump to… this coordinate works just fine.
Unexpectedly, right as the thought crossed his mind before his finger could even point to the coordinate point, the blazing mech suddenly increased its speed and dived to the boundary—
The surrounding airflow was rapidly compressed down at a constant rate, the space seemed to be distorted like a thin, flimsy piece of paper being crumpled, and then, with a bang, the mech directly penetrated through the spacial barrier and entered the Isville Cosmic Wormhole, the precise coordinate point that Lin Yuan had thought of.
Lin Yuan: "………"
The entirety of the wormhole was so dark that there wasn’t even a single speck of starlight to be seen, the view outside the porthole was filled with a suffocating amount of cosmic dust and spacecraft debris…
Lin Yuan laughed excitedly: "The jump was successful! Dad, this is the Iswell Cosmic Wormhole, right? How amazing, as soon as the jump route crossed my mind, Suzaku directly followed through with the order!”
Seeing how the child was nearly hopping around in excitement, Ling Yu couldn't help but slightly lift his lips into a smile, he stretched out his hand and lightly ruffled his hair, saying in a soft tone: "You did a good job, the route of the jump was chosen perfectly."
Lin Yuan was taken aback and looked back at Ling Yu in turmoil…
With a separation of fourteen years dividing the father and son, some unfamiliarity was to be expected, but at this moment, the feeling of his head being lightly ruffled by this perpetually cold and indifferent man made Lin Yuan so happy that he could hardly tell North from South. He couldn't help but think back to a scene of his childhood, nestling himself into his hold and eating things. The more he thinks of it, the warmer he felt…
In fact, his dad, Ling Yu doesn't dislike him, he just wasn’t good at expressing things, his dad's temperament was just awkward.
Lin Yuan smiled in understanding.
Ling Yu saw his son smile in pure joy and thought that piloting an S-Class mech was the cause for his stirred emotions.
So, Ling Yu, who intended to instruct his son, surrendered full piloting authority Suzaku's to his son. He then supervised from the side, letting Lin Yuan pilot Suzaku through the wormhole.
Tailing from behind, Rosen, had his heart practically shoot up to his throat—
My God, what was going on with Suzaku? It was flying all over the place in the cosmic wormhole! As a result, there were several instances where Rosen’s heart nearly gave out! Fortunately, it finally stabilized with the only scars being on Rosen’s mental health! Otherwise, Rosen felt like he was going to lose it…
What kind of joke was this, sitting in that control cabin was no one but the two people he valued the ​​most… oh correction, make that three people.
Ling Yu, you’re pregnant now, can you not put me through such heart-wrenching mental ordeals?
Seeing Suzaku once again thrillingly brush by an enormous spacecraft wreck, the exasperated Rosen finally connected to Suzaku's communicator at the end of his wits and asked in a low voice: "Ling Yu, what’s going on with you? Suzaku almost ran right into that spacecraft wreckage just now… What’s this all about?"
With Ling Yu's piloting skills, such a rookie mistake shouldn’t have ever come to fruition. Suzaku was running into things like it’d drank itself drunk, but right in the second before impact, it suddenly turned sideways and just had a passing glance with the remains… It's practically taking his heart on a rollercoaster.
Rosen was nervous enough to put him into an early grave, but Ling Yu nonchalantly said: "Oh, I'm teaching Xiao Yuan how to pilot an S-Class mech."
Lin Yuan nodded ecstatically: "Yeah, Dad is teaching me one-on-one. That was on me just now, I accidentally went the wrong direction."
Ling Yu smiled and continued to guide Lin Yuan, piloting Suzaku to set the stage for a "thrilling moment."
Rosen: "………"
The big monster teaches the little monster how to play with mechs and Rosen is left to watch on the edge of his seat from behind… As a father, won’t he be driven to madness at this rate?
(
TN
: Six days off work to fly to another state… the feeling of not working a 40 hour week sure is magical. I'm so happy I could push through and update so close together! Also, F in the chat for driving lessons, those are scary af in this world too. Feel ya Rosen 😀 Edit: I found an embarrassing typo… I wonder just how many are in this translation as a whole. Yikes. That's on not having an editor or proof-reader.）
Chapter 107: The Naomi Star Blockade
Chapter 107 The Naomi Star Blockade
It was indisputable to all that Lin Yuan had inherited the excellent genes of his two fathers, Rosen and Ling Yu, he had a natural gift for piloting mechs. Ling Yu had only given him a bit of a guiding hand before Lin Yuan quickly familiarized himself with the S-Class mech piloting process and concentrated on piloting Suzaku through the cosmic wormhole.
Under his consciousness's guidance, Suzaku was like a nimble little bird bestowed with a soul.
There were a few choice times Ling Yu thought that this child wouldn't be able to smoothly get by an obstacle, but when he piloted Suzaku by himself, Lin Yuan actually made it through with more mental scars than physical ones with his quick reaction ability.
Seeing his son's earnest and excited appearance, Ling Yu's heart is also very delighted.
Seeing that Suzaku would soon be passing the Pavo Starfield, Ling Yu then spoke in a hushed manner: "Xiao Yuan, let me take over."
Lin Yuan paused, then reluctantly returned the piloting authority to his dad.
Seeing the unwilling look on his face, Ling Yu couldn't help but smile and say: "Don't be so impatient, there will be many opportunities in the future. When that time comes again, Dad will teach you one-on-one… the journey from here on out will be very dangerous, it’s safer for me to pilot.”
Lin Yuan nodded conscientiously, “I understand, Dad!”
The last part of their journey was the most peaceful part of the cosmic wormhole. This was also why Ling Yu dared to teach Lin Yuan to pilot at all. The route from here to Naomi Star would be very dangerous. Although he wanted to teach his son himself, Ling Yu comfortably took back his piloting authority to avoid any incidents.
As if their brains were working on the same wavelength, Rosen soon thereafter connected to Suzaku's communicator and said sternly: "Ling Yu, you better start piloting yourself. There will be no lack of opportunities to teach Xiao Yuan in the future. Do not take any risks in this wormhole!"
The big monster coached from the sidelines while the little monster piloted Suzaku like a madman through the cosmic wormhole…
Watching from behind, Rosen was well on his way to having a heart attack. If this goes on any longer, Rosen wouldn’t be able to bear such torture.
The two parents really had their minds running on the same wavelength, Lin Yuan smiled and said, "Dad has already taken back the piloting authority."
Ling Yu nodded and said to Rosen: "Don't worry."
Rosen still couldn't cease his worries, he frowned and came to a decision: "I'll lead ahead, you follow."
As he finished speaking, Black Dragon immediately increased its speed and barreled directly ahead of Suzaku.
With Black Dragon leading the way, Ling Yu practically didn’t have to make any effort, he just let Suzaku follow Black Dragon.
***
In reality, so long as there weren’t any large-scale spatial shocks, the obstacles drifting in the cosmic wormhole were nothing in the face of mech pilots with skills on Rosen and Ling Yu’s level. It was like a vehicle going the posted speed on a high-speed lane, so long as you bypass it, no harm could come your way.
But as soon as a spatial shock occurs, those large obstacles will violently shift around in the wormhole due to the fluctuation of the airflow, just like a pile-up accident on an expressway, traveling between the scene of an accident would be extremely dangerous in nature.
Fortunately, the stars were in their favor. After carefully surveilling the area, there was no sign that any spatial shocks would occur in the Isville Cosmic Wormhole anytime soon, Black Dragon and Suzaku navigated through the whole journey smooth as butter.
In the control cabin, Ling Yu looked upon his son’s excitement and couldn’t help asking: “Xiao Yuan, do you have an idea as to what happened when you were a child?”
Lin Yuan thought before he spoke: “I only recall living together with you a little before I was four on a warm planet, a place with an ocean… I was sent to Planet Rennes after I turned four years old. I don't remember the rest clearly."
Ling Yu fell silent for a moment, "You don't have any questions about what happened back then? Don’t you blame Dad for sending you away?”
Lin Yuan smiled and said, “It doesn’t matter anymore. I know that Dad must have had no other choice but to send me away. You are a general and there are many things needed to be taken into consideration. I heard that when Dad escaped from Cepheus, there was no shortage of difficulties, the military had listed you as a wanted criminal too… You gave birth to me under such difficult circumstances and gave me the gift of life. What reason is there to blame Dad?"
Lin Yuan looked back at Ling Yu and said with his heart on his sleeve: "If I don’t show compassion towards Dad, then who will?"
Ling Yu: "…"
Lin Yuan smiled and said: "Don't take it to heart, Dad, I’ve never blamed you."
Ling Yu was silent for a long time before he finally put his hand on his son's head and lightly stroked it, even his heart was a bit touched—
A good child, this is Ling Yu’s son!
As an Omega, he should know how difficult it is for an Omega in this Empire. To say nothing of the risks Ling Yu took to become a high-ranking officer in the military. As the Legion Head of the Dark Night Legion, he shoulders far too many responsibilities and life-callings.
If Lin Yuan could still blame his Dad for this, how could he be worthy of Ling Yu's painstaking efforts?
In those trying times, Ling Yu had ten thousand justifiable reasons to rid himself of that unborn child inside of him, but still, he gave birth to his son through hardships and gave Lin Yuan a bright new life; later he took the four-year-old young boy and sent him to Planet Rennes where he dispatched his most trusted subordinates to take care and watch over him, giving Lin Yuan a peaceful life, one free of worry.
With such a Dad, Lin Yuan only had admiration and respect in his heart, there was no blame harbored anywhere.
As the Empire’s only Omega General— the son of General Ling Yu— Lin Yuan only felt an incomparable sense of pride.
Looking at his son's earnest black eyes, Ling Yu couldn't help but give a small smile and gently place his hands on his abdomen.
His heart had been soft back then, he did not abort the fetus inside of him and gave birth to Xiao Yuan under difficult circumstances. Over the years, watching that child grow up little by little, he never regretted the decision he made that year.
This time, although the timing of this pregnancy was less than opportune, Ling Yu looked at his caring eldest son in front of him and somehow, Ling Yu was reluctant to part with the baby inside of him…
Lin Yuan is a nice and sensible boy, he will definitely be a good big brother too.
In the future, this little guy would be there to accompany Lin Yuan… maybe it won't be so bad after all?
Rosen, who was piloting Black Dragon up ahead did not expect that Lin Yuan's thoughtful words caused Ling Yu to wholly change his mind.
***
Black Dragon and Suzaku navigated through the cosmic wormhole for six full hours.
Lin Yuan looked on as his parents piloted past those enormous wrecks from the sidelines, it was like watching a thrilling and exciting 3D action movie right before his eyes.
Several times, Lin Yuan had been so sure that Suzaku was on a collision course straight into a wreck. He couldn't help tightly clenching his fists, his whole body drenched with cold sweat, readying himself to breathe his last breath… In the end, every single time, under Ling Yu’s cool-headed direction, disaster was averted.
It was just as if Suzaku had been bestowed a soul from its master, cleverly brushing by those colossus masses by a hair’s breadth.
Two mechs, one black and one red, blasted through the wormhole at a speed approaching that of the speed of light, just as fish freely swimming in the ocean did.
Lin Yuan watched the god-like operation of his dad, Ling Yu, and gradually mellowed out.
Regardless, no matter how dangerous the situation is, Dad would react at the drop of a hat…
Dad's mech piloting level was truly amazing.
After that, forget about being worried to death, Lin Yuan was even drowsy enough to fall asleep.
In order to find his two fathers, he hadn't slept for two whole days, he honestly couldn’t go on like this…
Ling Yu looked at the little guy resting his body on the control panel breathing evenly and lightly snoring, Ling Yu couldn't help but give a small smile. He took off his military coat and carefully placed it on his son.
Black Dragon and Suzaku soon reached the outer edge of the Isville Galaxy.
Ling Yu then gently touched his son's head and said: "Xiao Yuan, wake up."
Lin Yuan lifted his head up, rubbed his bleary eyes, and asked, "Have we arrived so soon?"
Ling Yu turned around and said: "En… Are you tired?"
It was only natural that Lin Yuan wouldn’t shine a light on the fact that he hadn't had a good night’s sleep for the past two days. Lin Yuan faced his dad's worried look with a nonchalant grin, he scratched his head and said: "Not really, I just got a bit drowsy there for a bit and fell asleep."
Ling Yu no longer broached the subject, he connected to Black Dragon’s communicator and said: "Rosen, don’t approach the space station’s detection range, contact Drew and ask for an update of the situation."
Rosen nodded and said: "Alright"
Before the conflict, the Isville Space Station that had been completely and utterly destroyed was already finished with its repairs.
What was strange was the frequent passing of a patrol unit in the area, they were heavily guarded, it was as if something major had happened. What was even more surprising was that the communication signal between Rosen and the Hydra Legion was directly intercepted by the defense network.
Rosen frowned and said in a low voice: "I can't get in touch with Drew, can you try giving Berg a shot?"
Ling Yu immediately tried to connect Berg's personal communicator using the secret code used in The Undercurrent. After a good while, a connection was established through the communicator. Berg looked at the Ling Yu that appeared on the projection screen in front of him and said in utter disbelief: "Ling Yu? You’ve returned?"
Ling Yu nodded and asked: "What is the situation with Naomi Star? What's the matter? Why are the communication signals being fully intercepted?"
Berg walked up to the corner of the room and said in a low voice: "Before when the military sent people to take away the remains of the Black Dragon Replica, it was entirely in the outer regions of the Isville Galaxy. They instilled the highest possible authority to install a signal interception network, saying that they feared the Federation’s hostile forces stealing information… In reality, all communications between Naomi Star and the outside will be filtered and intercepted by this defense network, most of the content held within the communications will even be intercepted by the military and monitored."
Ling Yu's gaze froze over, "Worrying about the theft of information by the Federation’s hostile forces? What complete and utter nonsense! Monitoring the movements of the Glory Legion and the Hydra Legion is their true objective, right?"
Berg nodded, saying: "That‘s right. But at that time, two generals had come together and proposed such a fair and honorable reason. It wouldn’t have looked good for Drew to publicly oppose it, so he could only let them set up an external defense network."
Ling Yu frowned, "It seems that once we land on Naomi Star, the military will receive wind of it the moment the dust settles."
Berg lowered his head and thought for a while before speaking: "I can't find any openings in the patrol to allow you to land on Naomi Star at present. The fleet of that the Hydra Legion had previously dispatched, the disappearance of this fleet for the past two days has already caught the military’s eye. Naomi Star is under the watchful eye of the military. I cannot hold a conversation with you for more than a 1 minute period, otherwise, it is highly likely to put a blip on their radar."
The communicator used in the Undercurrent organization was designed and manufactured by Berg himself, which can be used for short instances. It could evade the military’s defense network authentication for a brief time. But the ‘defense' in the defense network name wasn't just a filler word. Once the conversation exceeds one minute, suspicious signal sources will still be seized.
Ling Yu said: "Rosen and I will land somewhere else first and think of another way to contact you."
Berg said: "Okay."
Ling Yu effectively ended the connection between the communicators and took a closer look at the cosmic star atlas— they couldn't pilot the mech at a stopping point anywhere over here, in that case, they would be caught by the reconnaissance team at Naomi Star in no time flat. Finding someplace to land as soon as they could was the only thing they could do. The Isville Galaxy was situated between the Empire and the Federation. The border of the Empire was up north and down to the south was a piece of land widely known as No Man’s Land, they couldn’t bypass where they currently were to return to the Empire, so…
Rosen said, “Let's go to No Man’s Land first, then go on from there?"
Ling Yu nodded and said: "Sounds good to me."
The two no longer wasted time speaking needless words. With an understanding reached where an exchange of words was needless, Black Dragon and Suzaku reversed their directions and directly broke through the atmosphere, descending down into the cosmic dead zone in the outer stretches of the Isville Galaxy— the Hylte Starfield.
The reason why this starfield was called No Man’s Land was that there was not a single living thing on this planet.
There weren’t any natural resources, no other life forms, and no oxygen. The starfield made up of five large planets was desolate. Whether it was a passenger spacecraft or a military fleet making its way through, almost no one has ever landed here. In addition, it lacked a space station and there wasn’t a way to connect with the outside world either. This cosmic dead zone was just like an empty graveyard.
***
After Black Dragon and Suzaku landed on the planet together, they simultaneously turned on their illuminated searchlights.
One gold and one red, the two rays of light illuminate the desolate planet. Through the portholes on the side of the craft, one could see the pitted and unlevel surface of the planet. With zero oxygen content and without a living, breathing creature in sight, the barren ground that stretched on endlessly made a coldness uncontrollably wash over from the bottom of one’s heart.
Fortunately, there was enough oxygen in the control cabin, so long as they do not exit the control cabin, they can still persevere for a good few days.
Lin Yuan looked at the desolate sight before him outside the porthole and couldn't help asking: "Dad, is this the Hylte Starfield’s No Man's Land of the universe?"
Ling Yu said in amazement: "How did you know that?"
Lin Yuan said earnestly: "It was mentioned in our first-year textbook."
Because Suzaku and Black Dragon were connected on a communication line, Rosen could also hear the conversation between the father and son. Seeing the two getting along so nicely with one another lifted a weight off of Rosen’s chest.
After a moment of silence, Rosen asked: "Since we can't land on Naomi Star, what is our next plan of action?"
Ling Yu thought for a hot minute before saying: "I just sent Zhou Yi and the others a message just before landing. When the fleet arrives, we will impersonate Hydra Legion soldiers and mix in together with them."
Rosen nodded, "I think so too. Now that the military has sealed off Naomi Star and pushed the Hydra Legion and the Glory Legion into a corner, I presume the Capital Star will soon be mobilized, we must contact His Majesty as soon as possible."
Hearing the words Rosen spoke, Ling Yu couldn't help frowning.
He had been worried that the Capital Star would be home for the occurrence of an unfortunate incident, so he made use of his S-Class mech’s space jump ability to return to Naomi Star at the fastest possible speed. Unexpectedly, Naomi Star was under total surveillance and he and Rosen could not land despite their arrival.
They had to wait for the warships of the Hydra Legions to arrive before they had the opportunity to disguise themselves as soldiers and weasel their way in. But the speed of a fleet was at a rate several hours longer than that of a mech. The more one waits, the more at risk they were for losing the key moment… If they landed with too much haste, the news of Black Dragon and Suzaku’s return could be obtained right as they make contact with the ground. It wasn’t guaranteed that the people lending a helping hand in the Capital Star wouldn’t take action right then and there and put His Majesty in an unfavorable position…
Ling Yu was simply burning with anxiety.
Yet as it so happened, at that very moment a surge of nausea abruptly rose from within the depths of his stomach. The intense nausea made Ling Yu's face go sheet-white seemingly out of nowhere. He immediately turned around and speed-walked over to the washbasin, covering his mouth and dry heaving.
Lin Yuan was spooked out of his wits, he hurriedly followed after his dad to the sink as he asked in worry: "Dad, what's the matter with you?"
Ling Yu waved his hand and made a gesture of reassurance that everything was fine, but such a heart-piercing, retching sound as if he was nearly about to yack up his entire stomach was transmitted right to Rosen's ear through the communicator's connection.
Seeing the scene of Ling Yu keeled over the sink vomiting, Rosen was so distressed he felt himself teetering on the verge of madness!
Ling Yu was pregnant. It was at this time when the symptoms were at their strongest. If the military fell into a mutiny, as a general, he would definitely want to lead the Dark Night Legion into the battlefield. His body would never be able to withstand it…
Should something happen to either him or the child, Rosen would most certainly regret it no matter how in vain regretting it after the fact would be.
Ling Yu retched so violently that Lin Yuan had been frightened into having all of the color drain from his face. He kept reaching out to pat his dad on the back, he moved in a flurry unsure of the best course of action, he couldn't help but look to his father for help.
His love is suffering, but Rosen can only watch from Black Dragon's control cabin, there wasn’t a single thing he could do…
The ridges of his fingernails were tightly thrust into the hollow of his palms, Rosen took a deep breath and finally came to a heart-wrenching resolution.
Three minutes later, his body's reaction finally subsided, Lin Yuan hurriedly handed his dad a glass of water.
Ling Yu drank a glass of water with an ashen face, suppressing the curdling feeling in his stomach, and he then turned back to the control panel.
Looking at Rosen's extremely distressed gaze on the virtual screen, Ling Yu coughed and said in embarrassment: "…it’s nothing, there’s no need to worry."
Out of nowhere, Rosen said in a leveled tone: "Don't keep the child."
Ling Yu said in surprise: "What?"
Rosen looked at Ling Yu's eyes and said word by word: "This isn’t the right time to have a child. I don't want to see you suffering so much… If you get rid of it now, the impact on your body will be minimalized… don't keep it…"
Rosen didn't know how he managed to say those things, every word that came out of his mouth seemed to stab him in the heart.
He couldn’t watch Ling Yu suffer so much. It was without a doubt the best decision to get rid of the child now…
But when he thinks of how the child may grow up to look like Ling Yu, or like himself, thinking of how that little one would inherit the total culmination of their genes, yet at this moment he had no choice but to terminate this life… The pain deep in Rosen's heart was as if a piece of flesh was dug out of his heart.
However, as an Alpha, it is even more unbearable for him to put his Omega through such a hard and dangerous situation than to lose his unborn kin.
At such a critical juncture, should there be a lapse of care taken, if Ling Yu goes, so does the baby.
If such a thing came to life, how could he live on?Ling Yu's face was pale, he fell silent for a moment then whispered: "I understand your concerns, I am keeping them."
Ling Yu raised his head and met Rosen’s gaze head-on, "Not just because they are our child… but they are still a living being, they are looking forward to coming to this world, aren’t they?"
Rosen: "………"
He always thought that Ling Yu didn't want children, he didn't expect that Ling Yu would actually oppose his suggestion.
The reason why Ling Yu changed his mind actually had a lot to do with Lin Yuan.
—You gave birth to me under such difficult circumstances and gave me the gift of life. What reason is there to blame Dad?
—If I don’t show compassion towards Dad, then who will?
The words Lin Yuan had spoken just now were simple and direct, but it struck Ling Yu's heart like a heavy hammer.
That's right, he had given Xiao Yuan life. When he had fully grown-up, Xiao Yuan was able to fully trust and understand this dad of his.
Then, no matter how trying it is, he will not deprive this second child of their life either.
He could even conjure up an image of the second child growing up to be just as sensible as Xiao Yuan, being understanding of him and standing by him like Xiao Yuan, how could he be willing to kill this bright little life?
Ling Yu rested his hand on his abdomen and smiled, saying: "Rosen, rest assured, the Dark Night Legion isn’t a one-man team. Zhou Yi, Errol, and a sea of highly trusted subordinates are all apart of it. I can protect myself just fine…" Ling Yu paused and looked up at Rosen, "Besides, you’re here too, aren’t you? My Alpha?"
Rosen: "………"
—You’re here too, aren’t you? My Alpha??
With just a simple sentence, the impact it left on Rosen was nearly comparable to Ling Yu saying "I love you" right to his face.
The complete trust of leaving one's own life or death to another person’s hands is even more exciting than those superficial declarations of love.
Rosen looked at Ling Yu with a gentle gaze. A long time had gone by before he nodded tentatively and said: "Okay, I understand."
—I will protect you at all costs… the child too.
—To keep this child, we will work together with everything we have to resolve this mess.
The two looked at each other and simultaneously came to understand the other party’s heartfelt intentions through the windows of their eyes. Like the deep connection shared between comrades-in-arms and even more like the deep connection shared between lovers.
Lin Yuan looked at his father and then at his dad. At first, he was confused and had no clue what it was they were talking about. After hearing this, Lin Yuan's eyes grew wider and wider, and ultimately, his mouth fell wide open in shock.
If at this moment, Ling Yu and Rosen had the mind to spare a glance back at their eldest son, they would have found that their eldest son was already so shocked that they could set a whole chicken egg in his mouth. Unfortunately, the two were locked in such a close and affectionate gaze, their utterly stunned eldest son was left to merely melt into the background…
Chapter 108: Lieutenant General Kerriman
At the time of when they received the emergency message from Ling Yu, the Hydra Legion’s fleet was just about to begin making its way towards Naomi Star, they were also eight hours away from their destination at the very least. Seeing that it was an urgent state of affairs, Lieutenant Colonel Ian instantly changed its course and space jumped directly to the cosmic wormhole, navigating towards Naomi Star full speed ahead.
At present, Suzaku and Black Dragon were temporarily staying in the Hylte Starfield’s No Man’s Land of the Universe.
The conversation between Rosen and Ling Yu made Lin Yuan disconnect from reality out of pure shock— Ling Yu was actually pregnant. In other words, during the period where the two of them were missing, they had completely marked yet again? Could it be that an absence of inhibitors led to an unexpected estrus?
No matter the cause, the result now is that his dad is having a second child and he is going to be a big brother!
Lin Yuan eventually came out of his stupor, looking at Ling Yu excitedly, "Dad, I will have a little brother or sister?"
Ling Yu finally noticed that his eldest son had been standing next to him the entire time, looking at him in shock. He couldn’t help his face twisting in embarrassment, not knowing how to respond.
Rosen gave a small smile and replied in Ling Yu’s stead: "That’s right, Xiao Yuan, you are going to be a big brother."
Lin Yuan said in excitement: "Wonderful! I don't know whether they will be an Alpha or an Omega, but I will take care of them just the same. "
Lin Yuan's mood became especially good when he thought of a soft little guy who followed him at his heels and obediently called him big brother. En, when my little brother grows up, I can teach him to play with mechs and take him to eat all kinds of delicious foods…
Lin Yuan began to mull over how to be a good brother.
Rosen whispered: "Xiao Yuan, let Suzaku check your dad's body first. He is not feeling very well right now."
Lin Yuan spoke with a rushed cadence: "I’ve got it!"
Ling Yu had originally wanted to refuse, but this father and son duo were abnormally headstrong, Ling Yu had no choice but to helplessly be brought over to the sofa by his son, take the warm water he handed over to him and let Suzaku draw his blood to conduct detailed lab work.
Suzaku soon got the results and said softly: "Master’s health is fine overall, but the vitamin content in his body is a bit on the low side."
Rosen nodded and said: "There wasn’t anything substantial to eat back on Pavo. After we get back, we’ll get the proper supplements."
Lin Yuan parroted along with him: "That’s that, Dad now needs to be strengthening his nutrition, we can’t be negligent about his food and drink."
Ling Yu: "……"
Being coddled like a prized animal makes Ling Yu very embarrassed as a general.
It is undeniable that the feeling of being cared for and being taken care of by this pair of father and son gave rise to an inexplicable warmth in his heart.
When he had given birth to Xiao Yuan, the conditions during his escape were difficult and everything had fallen upon his shoulders. The first time he had gotten pregnant, although it was also ill-timed, having his Alpha beside him and having his caring son to keep him company was something golden. The feeling of being together as a family was completely different from the pain and helplessness from the time he had been all by himself.
Even though his presenting symptoms were more severe than last time, his frame of mind was nonetheless incomparably optimistic.
Looking at the expectation shining in Lin Yuan's eyes and the worried sheen in Rosen’s direct gaze, Ling Yu knew… this time the decision to keep the child was not an incorrect one.
***
Ling Yu finally ended up returning to the bedroom to sleep under the joint coercion of Rosen and Lin Yuan.
In any case, the Hydra Legion fleet wouldn't arrive until early tomorrow morning and it wasn’t an option to land on Naomi Star. They stopped over at the Hylte Starfield for the time being. All they can do is wait.
—Ling Yu needs to rest. This is the mutual understanding held between the father and son pair.
After going the full mile to persuade the stubborn Ling Yu to go back to bed, Lin Yuan returned to the piloting control panel.
Rosen looked at Xiao Yuan who had been thoughtfully helping out with the care of his dad, he was extremely pleased. He couldn't help but say: "Xiao Yuan, there may be a bloody battle encroaching upon us. After you go back, you will stay by your dad's side with Master Zhou Yi. Follow him to learn some more, it’s the perfect setup to keep constant tabs on him."
Rosen deliberately pulled the distance between Lin Yuan and Ling Yu closer, precisely because he could see that Lin Yuan's lively character was Ling Yu’s weak spot. It was an easy way to get the prideful Ling Yu to drop his guard. He also noticed that since the reunion with Xiao Yuan, Ling Yu's cold and indifferent iceberg outer shell had thawed out by a margin… The two of them were very close, Rosen was more than happy to see such a development.
Lin Yuan longed to be with his dad. Hearing what Rosen said, he nodded and agreed, "I’ll do it."
Rosen gave a small smile, "When everything calms back down again, I will bring you guys back home with me."
Lin Yuan smiled. "En!"
Rosen couldn't help thinking: To bring his missus and child home, should the Capital Star's villa be renovated?
***
At 7 o'clock in the following morning, the Hydra Legion’s fleet finally arrived in the Hylte's No Man's Land.
Black Dragon and Suzaku detected their position and immediately adjusted their build to take off from the warship. Lieutenant Colonel Ian caught sight of a black and red blip appearing on the surveillance screen. He promptly opened the hatch to the hold of the warship to let Black Dragon and Suzaku gain entry into the interior of the warship through the hold door entrance.
After the two mechs came to a stop in the hold, Suzaku and Black Dragon lowered their control cabins in tandem.
Rosen and Ling Yu walked out of their respective control cabins. Lieutenant Colonel Ian and the soldiers of the Hydra Legion gave them an orderly salute.
Rosen gave a military salute in return and then calmly said: "Lieutenant Colonel Ian, I’ll be troubling you to find us two sets of Hydra Legion uniforms. We will be needing to impersonate Hydra Legion soldiers to sneak into Naomi Star."
Lieutenant Colonel Ian immediately nodded and said: "Understood, Marshal!"
Prior to setting off, Berg had already prepared several sets of brand new military uniforms for use in case of such emergencies.
Lin Yuan and the others had started off the journey already dressed in Hydra Legion uniforms, only Rosen and Ling Yu needed a disguise. They each took a set of military uniforms and changed into them, fearing that they would be recognized, they intentionally lowered the brim of their hats.
Everyone was ready to stow their mechs away into the space button, Lieutenant Colonel Ian then commanded the warship to prepare for landing.
Not too far from the space station, Lieutenant Colonel Ian connected a signal to the command post and said calmly: "This is Warship C701 of the Hydra Legion. It has completed its mission and returned, requesting to land."
A response from the command post of the space station soon arrived, saying: "Please hold, according to higher-up’s instructions, a routine scan must be conducted throughout the interior of the warship."
The laser scan sent out by the space station enveloped the entire warship. It could very well be imagined that the warship has been reproduced in its entirety on the virtual screen at the command post. Once an anomaly is detected, the request for descent may be refused or even a direct assault may be launched against the warship.
Everyone in the warship held their breaths and tensed, holding a facade of calmness as they let the laser sweep across their bodies.
Everyone was wearing the military uniform of the Hydra Legion. Some which had the brim of their hat greatly lowered making it hard to distinguish one from another in the sea of identical uniforms. On top of that, the receiving party was the troops under the command of General Drew, so only a simple inspection was required to let them through.
Unexpectedly, Lieutenant General Kerriman of the Glory Legion just so happened to be touring the space station this morning. The patrol unit responsible for the security of the space station naturally wanted to put on a good show in front of their commanding officer. Thus, the inspection this time turned into a particularly serious affair.
The red laser slowly swept across the interior of the warship like a spiders web, like a cat's paw lightly pawing across their hearts, they all tightly tensed their back muscles for a moment.
After a brief comparison between the information in the warship to that of the time prior, the officer in charge of the review suddenly wondered aloud: "Back when Warship C701 set off, the total headcount of the crew on the warship was 102… How could two more people be here?"
Everyone's backs suddenly went rigid, you could hear a pin drop inside of the warship!
How could two more people be here?
That's right! In order to keep count of damage assessments and a list of war casualties, each warship will register an in-depth profile and give a count of the number of people when it departs from the planet, they will then conduct a comparative examination and verification upon returning, so as to accurately count any injuries and casualties!
Warship C701 of the Hydra Legion had previously registered the number of people when they left Naomi Star. Upon their return, two more people had appeared, which naturally aroused suspicion.
Hearing this, Lieutenant Colonel Kerriman, who was in the middle of touring the space station, suddenly whipped his head around, his penetrating gaze swept towards the image displayed on the monitor. The warship was packed full of soldiers donned in dark green uniforms and nothing seemed to stick out at a glance. Yet there was something strange, he had the constant feeling that there seemed to be the shadow of a figure he knew all too well…
At this moment, a bright voice suddenly sounded from the warship: "You see, it’s like this, I am Brian, the son of General Drew Bayh of the Hydra Legion. This is my roommate, Snow."
Brian seamlessly pulled Snow over and threw his arms around his shoulders, speaking with a glowing grin: "Our school is on vacation, and my roommate and I have come here to have a little fun. We just chanced across the Hydra Legion’s fleet, then I realized that my father was at Naomi Star too. I wanted to go see him…"
Brian had a quick reaction, Snow had to obediently stand beside him and play along with him.
Brian smiled and said: "Lieutenant Colonel Ian is rather familiar with me, so he took me along for the ride."
This was a bulletproof excuse. The Hydra Legion's fleet had just so happened to run into the general's son and took them along for the ride on the way. Although it was extremely out of line in the military’s code of conduct, everyone knew that General Drew's son was the kind of guy who didn’t play his cards according to the rules, there weren't any holes to poke through his defense.
But something still felt off… what about this wasn’t sitting right?
Lieutenant General Kerriman walked to the monitor and directly connected to the internal communications of the warship and spoke in a frosty tone: "The one furthest to the left in the third row… please raise your head."
Rosen's back suddenly went stiff as the dead, his fingers harshly dug into the hollow of his palms— could he have recognized Ling Yu?
Back when Kerriman served in the Dark Night Legion, like Knox and Irene, he was one of Ling Yu’s most trusted adjutants. After the Dark Night Legion’s dissolution, Rosen had invited him to the Glory Legion to entrust him with important assignments. Even if he could recognize him with just a silhouette, he should have still recognized him first… How could Ling Yu be the first thing to tip you off?
In reality, most of the soldiers looked more or less the same when they changed into their uniforms and lowered the brims of their hats, but Ling Yu had a distinct air about him— because he was an Omega, he was not tall and heavily built like a normal Alpha, he had a thin and slender figure, he stuck out like a sore thumb in the sea of soldiers.
Although Lin Yuan and Snow were in the same boat, their faces were unfamiliar and had a youthful nature to them. Kerriman only regarded them as new recruits from the Hydra Legion and paid them no mind.
But Ling Yu was different…
That sense of familiarity, it was too much like the person in the memories…
The tense silence lasted for three whole seconds. Everyone clenched their fists and cold sweat rained down their backs, Rosen in particular. His heart had nearly jumped into his throat— other people may not know of the relationship between Kerriman and Ling Yu, but he knows it better than anyone! If his speculation proves to be correct, the person who caused Ling Yu to enter his estrus period was Adjutant Kerriman of the Dark Night Legion, now known as Lieutenant General Kerriman!
Those three seconds seemed to stretch out for an eternity, the atmosphere inside the warship was suffocating.
Lin Yuan glanced at his dad nervously, yet he saw Ling Yu slowly raise his head and calmly salute the officer on the screen with a standard military salute, saying in a still voice: "General."
Kerriman: "…… "
Those glassy black and eyes plunged directly into the heart like a sharp sword.
However, that face did not have the same graceful bearing of the person in his memory. The soldier had a painfully ordinary face that was utterly indistinguishable from a crowd, there were even several unsightly moles smattered on his face.
Kerriman was silent for a moment before he finally waved his hand and said: "Never mind, forget it."
Everyone breathed a unanimous sigh of relief, especially Rosen and Lin Yuan who were mixed in the crowd. They almost had a heart attack just now, but they didn’t expect Ling Yu himself to be so cool and calm. After he saluted, he even offered a polite smile to Kerriman.
The warship was successfully landed at the space station under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Ian.
Not long after, Drew sent someone to fetch them. Although he was in charge of defending Naomi Star, it wouldn’t do any good for Kerriman to interfere with the Hydra Legion’s affairs. He could only look from afar at the warship embellished with a serpentine totem. Under the accompaniment of a small fleet, they made their way to Naomi Star.
Seeing Kerriman frowning, a trusted aide beside him couldn't help asking: "General, what's wrong?"
Kerriman didn't respond, he looked pensively in the direction where the Hydra Legion warship faded into the horizon.
Was he seeing things?
Why would he mistakenly think he’d seen that person just now?
However, he will soon become the head commander of the Glory Legion. That person has already been dead for nineteen whole years. What else could there be to worry about?
Kerriman smiled quite gracefully and said: "It’s nothing, go back."
***
Inside the warship, Rosen finally loosened up and pulled Ling Yu to a corner, seeing the strange way he had done up his face, he couldn't help but laugh, saying: "I was really scared just now, I thought he would recognize you…"
Ling Yu looked at Rosen with a gaze as still and calm as a tepid lake and said: "You think too much. Making a mask is child’s play for members of the Undercurrent."
Rosen: "……"
On the bridge, Lin Yuan couldn't help but pat Brian on the shoulder and say: "Well that came out of nowhere, you pulled that one out of thin air."
Just a moment ago, Brian looked Death straight in the eyes and threw out his status as General Drew’s son to resolve the crisis. Lin Yuan couldn't help but admire him a bit.
They landed in a rush, thinking that the space station would not carry out such a stringent inspection of a Hydra Legion fleet. Unexpectedly, they rowed right up shit creek without a paddle and were met by the patrolling officer.
If it wasn't for Brian's speedy quick reaction, there really wouldn’t have been a way to explain off the extra set of people.
Brian was extremely delighted being praised and couldn't help but stroke his chin, "Of course, it's only to be expected that you don’t see my true colors. There’s nothing that can be done about that, my quick-witted intelligence is 100% natural."
Lin Yuan: "……"
Some people really can't be given praise, one praise and their head blows up to the size of a blimp.
Lin Yuan and Snow gave each other a look and at the same time turned their heads, pretending not to see the immensely triumphant Classmate Brian.
The fleet finally landed on Naomi Star without any more bumps along the way. Drew personally came to their rescue and took them to the Hydra Legion’s encampment.
He took Rosen to his personal lounge and as soon as Rosen and Ling Yu took off their masks, Drew couldn't help holding Rosen's hand and said full of elation: "You really aren't dead!"
Rosen smiled a bit, "All thanks to you for sending those people to rescue us."
Drew touched his nose and said: "Ahem… when I saw the remains of the Black Dragon Replica, I thought you'd died… It was Berg who saw that it wasn’t Black Dragon. It was also Berg’s idea to ask Xiao Yuan and the others to find you."
As the leader of the Undercurrent Organization, Drew more often than not thought that his Omega was just an absolute boss.
Ling Yu couldn't help asking: "Where is Berg now?"
Drew replied: "He is in the underground base helping to do the final touches on the new mech."
After answering, his gaze fell on the man with a cold expression in front of him.
Drew: "……."
Looking at each other with complicated expressions and unable to speak for a long while, Rosen couldn't help but smile and take the initiative to break the ice, "Drew, this is Ling Yu, you're familiar with him, aren’t you?"
Drew said awkwardly: "Ah, we’ve been acquainted."
All in all, after being roommates for three years, how couldn’t he be familiar with him?
However, even though they lived in the same dormitory during school back in those days, Ling Yu had an aloof and cold personality. Apart from occasionally sparing a few words with Rosen, he straight up ignored Drew and the other Alphas, he kept himself hidden as far away as he could.
Drew and Ling Yu hadn't exchanged more and a few sentences over those three years, he always felt that Ling Yu had sat so high and lofty in the clouds it was difficult to approach him…
After hearing he was an Omega, Drew’s jaw nearly hit the floor.
At this moment, seeing this old classmate of his who had been “dead” for many years standing in front of him with a placid face, Drew couldn't say a single thing.
After a moment of drawn-out silence, Drew changed the subject: "Udir sent me a secret letter at the first light of dawn, saying that the military will be holding an official funeral for the Marshal today. At the same time, the new head commander of the Glory Legion will also be sworn in. The specifics as to who it is are still unknown."
Rosen gave a barely perceptible smile, "It's Kerriman."
Drew was thrown off, "How are you so sure?"
Rosen said: "Seeing him patrolling the space station so actively, something big must certainly be taking place. I know what he is like." Rosen turned around and asked Ling Yu: "Are you going back to the underground base now?"
Ling Yu nodded, "En, I'll go see Berg."
Rosen said: "I'll go with you."
Ling Yu looked back at him: "You won't go back to the Glory Legion?"
Rosen smiled: "Now’s not the time for that. Kerriman will soon become the next head commander of the Glory Legion. This "Honorably and Gloriously Sacrificed" ex-commander will be making a comeback, how could I not prepare a congratulatory gift for him?"
Seeing the piercing glint flashing through Rosen’s eyes, Ling Yu knew that Kerriman was a dead man walking, he couldn’t help but say happily: "Bring my share of the present too."
Drew: "……"
It was just as if they were back to those college days. Once the two of them started talking, the people beside them were thrown off to the side, out of sight out of mind…
***
Lin Yuan, Caesar, and company were settled in the Hydra Legion encampment by Drew, Ling Yu and Rosen secretly returned to the underground base.
The moment the members of the Dark Night Legion saw Ling Yu, they stood neatly upright and saluted Ling Yu with a clean snapping sound: "General!"
These uniform movements as if they were conducted robotically, represented not only the essence of discipline etched into the legion’s very bones, but the reverence these officers held for their general deep in their hearts and feeling of joy at their general’s return.
This is the land upon which Ling Yu reigns.
Ling Yu gave a small smile and gave a military salute in return to these loyal subordinates of his before taking Rosen to see Berg.
Berg and Dave had finished the final touches of the Nine-Tailed Fox. Seeing Ling Yu, Dave wasted no time in bolting over to him and saying: "Ling Yu, you’ve come back? I just knew you were an "impossible to kill cockroach". You would never have kicked the bucket so easily."
Ling Yu was quite taken aback by that sort of analogy, seeing the birds nest of hair currently sitting upon Dave's head, he helplessly turned around and spoke to Berg: "Are you still touching up the mech? Is it malfunctioning?"
Berg smiled and said, "There haven’t been any malfunctions. It’s just that this SS-Class mech is the first-ever of its kind in the Empire. It cannot fail under any circumstances. If anything goes wrong with the mech’s system, it may result in the destruction of both the craft and its pilot.”
Ling Yu nodded in agreement, "What time can it be expected to be ready?"
Berg said: "It should be good to go by tonight."
Ling Yu and Rosen looked at each other, Rosen nodded at him.
The two didn't understand the art of mech manufacturing, so they just stood off to the side unable to offer a helping hand, they were forced to turn around and return to their lounge.
Rosen went back to the lounge with him. Just as Ling Yu sat down at the edge of the bed, Rosen suddenly stooped down to grab ahold of his foot.
Ling Yu nearly jumped out of his skin, "What are you doing…"
Rosen gingerly removed the military-grade boots off his feet, he looked up at Ling Yu and said softly: "You are pregnant, wearing boots for a long time will make your legs swollen. In any case, before you start getting ready for bed, bathe your feet in hot water and take a good rest."
Rosen turned around and prepared a basin of hot water, he slipped off Ling Yu's spotless white socks and soaked his feet in the water.
Seeing the Marshal, Rosen, crouched by the bed and gently helping wash his feet, Ling Yu sat there stiff as a statue, not knowing what to do. After a moment of silence, he spoke in embarrassment: "You… you don't need to do such things…"
Rosen did not release his hold on the delicate ankle he had in his hand, and carefully massaged the soles of his feet. He looked up at Ling Yu and smiled, saying, "Taking care of my Omega is something I’ve always wanted to do, do you want to deprive me of the right to do so?"
Ling Yu: "……"
The tender look in the man's eyes made Ling Yu's heart suddenly tremble, he simply couldn't bear to refuse.
His feet were lightly massaged in his hands. A warm feeling slowly spread from the bottom of his feet up to the rest of his body. The tenseness of his muscles gradually relaxed. The exhaustion of the past few days seemed to disappear and even the uncomfortable churning in his stomach was also stifled.
After a while had passed, Rosen let go of Ling Yu and helped him pat his feet dry. He turned around and dumped the water, he then returned to Ling Yu's side. He hugged him as if he were made of glass and asked: "Ling Yu, will this be hard on you?"
Ling Yu shook his head and said: "It'll be fine."
Rosen gently tightened his hold, stroked the man's soft black hair, and whispered: "This child shall be given your family name after they are born."
Ling Yu’s shot wide open as he looked at Rosen in disbelief— in an empire fraught with severe Alpha chauvinism, there has never been a precedent for a child with the surname of their Omega parent. Ling is the family surname of Ling Yu's generation, but because both he and his elder brother Ling Feng are Omegas, their nominal ancestral line was threatening to die out…
—As to be expected for the Alpha he had handpicked, Ling Yu was unable to speak a single word with how moved he was.
Looking at Rosen’s serious gaze, Ling Yu was silent for a long time before finally reaching out his hand and gently hugging him back. He nestled his face into his warm chest, listening to his resounding heartbeat, the corners of Ling Yu’s lips lifted ever so slightly in a place where Rosen couldn’t see it.
On the outside, Rosen put on a nonchalant face, but on the inside, he was so excited that his heart nearly burst out of his chest—
This was the first time Ling Yu hugged him back.
Chapter 109: Mutiny
That afternoon, every TV station in the Lacey Empire was broadcasting the funeral live at Capital Star, Cepheus all at once.
The soldiers of the Glory Legion while under the command of Lieutenant General Victor, escorted a carrier holding "Black Dragon’s" mech fragments, slowly proceeding along the streets of the Capital Star’s central residential districts, moving in unison toward the Imperial Cemetery of Revolutionary Martyrs. Moving forward, a black-and-white photo frame encircled by a floral wreath was placed between the two neat rows of military suspension vehicles, within was a portrait of Marshal Rosen.
The man in the portrait was handsome, his eyes were still, the photo of the Marshal looked so realistic, it looked like he could step right out of it at any moment.
Many people in the Capital Star remember the graceful bearing of the Marshal in his return as he led the Glory Legion through the central starfield victorious, time and time again. However, now, even with the same Glory Legion and the same view, there was no longer the joy of returning triumphant. In its place was the dreadful sight of what remained of a mech and a black-and-white photograph set into a frame. The soldiers carried solemn expressions on their faces, the left arms of their crisp and smooth black military uniforms were all wrapped with an ill-favored black armband.
The funeral music played by the military resonated across the sky, the funeral’s atmosphere was so heavy that for many people, they were unable to keep the tears welling in their eyes from pouring out.
Right at this moment, Ling Yu and Rosen were also among the many tuning into the live TV stream from within Naomi Star’s underground base.
Ling Yu’s gaze fell to the black-and-white portrait on the screen, then rose to meet with the seemingly calm and unperturbed man beside him. He gave a small smile and said: "Marshal, in the eyes of the people of the Empire, you are truly dead and gone."
Rosen paid no mind to his own funeral portrait being plastered on live TV, looking at that black and white photograph, he was even in the mood to make some light jokes: "If my corpse suddenly started moving around during the funeral, Auguste and the rest of their expressions would definitely be quite the sight to see."
Ling Yu spoke pensively: "Auguste Orlando, Head of the Thunder Legion— do you believe that he could be the military’s traitor?"
Rosen fell silent for a moment, then said: "He may not be alone."
Not long after the two had returned, Lin Yuan took the badge he had picked up in a forest on the Po Military Starfield and gave it over to his two fathers for inspection.
Rosen spoke with a steely determination: "If these three badges were indeed left behind nineteen years ago, then the metal material used in the badges won’t be the same as the ones in recent years."
Although they’ll look indistinguishable on a surface level, the badges from more than ten years ago would incorporate a special and rare metal during production.
Ling Yu asked his subordinates to take the badges for in-depth testing of the composition, and sure enough, the badges were dated back to nineteen years ago.
Tying in the scene where Suzaku was being pursued, those three badges were definitely left behind in the Po Military Star’s forest by the Thunder Legion soldiers who were in charge of hunting down Suzaku. The specific cause is still unknown as of now.
Thus leading Ling Yu and Rosen to feel that General Auguste of the Thunder Legion was the traitor who sought to eliminate Ling Yu.
As the commander of the Thunder Legion, Auguste is also the heir of the Orlando Family, the most powerful and influential family in the Empire. His authority is self-evident. Ling Yu wasn’t expecting the military’s traitor to be the highest-ranking figure at the general rank.
But Rosen still said: He’s not alone?
Ling Yu frowned and asked: "Do you mean to say that Auguste has some co-conspirators?"
Rosen nodded: "The Hydra Legion has been transferred to Naomi Star. There are now three legions in the vicinity of the Capital Star. With Auguste’s power alone, he wouldn’t have so much confidence… so from there I can ascertain that he must have a pair of extra helping hands.”
If Auguste, one of the five Imperial generalissimos, has an accomplice, it is highly probable that the other person would also be a big-name ranked at the head of a legion.
Taking Drew and Udir out of the equation,what remained in the realm of possibility was the Star Legion and Phantom Legion.
If two of the major legions joined forces to blockade the space fortress of Cepheus, then, even with the power of him, Rosen, and Drew, it would be extremely difficult to regain a solid hold on Cepheus — Cepheus is the most important political and economic hub in the Empire. It has an amazingly iron-tight defense from the military and the terrain is easy to defend and challenging to mount an attack. The pentagonal space fortress surrounding Cepheus is even more dangerous than a cosmic wormhole, it is impossible to enter without passing through multiple layers of inspection and verification.
The Capital Star in particular is like a tightly wrapped network of security and armed military forces all bundled up into a solid base of defense.
Ling Yu and Rosen shared a look with one another, and at the same time saw a deep concern weighing in each other's eyes.
***
Capital Star, Cemetery of Revolutionary Martyrs.
Lieutenant General Victor of the Glory Legion finally carried the Marshal's funeral portrait to the front of the tombstone. Because the Marshal's skeletal remains could not be found, only the uniforms and badges that represented the Marshal's status were buried in the tomb, as well as some mech fragments of the Black Dragon.
Placing the portrait before the tombstone, the funeral music played once more, the atmosphere of the scene grew all the more melancholy.
General Auguste, who despite his 180 years of age still carried a strength with him donned a dark, nearly black purple military uniform of the highest command. He turned to face the crowd. It was evident that he was to give a eulogy on behalf of the military—
"Today, we have a grand gathering here, and with a very heavy and sorrowful heart, mourn the seventh Marshal of the Empire, the head of the Glory Legion— Rosen Bessemer."
"Rosen on December 1, Cosmic Year 742 was born into an ordinary family on the Capital Star of Cepheus. In Cosmic Year 770, Rosen was admitted to St. Romia Military Academy with full marks in all three main subjects and an exceptional performance record, he then began his career as an imperial officer."
On July 1, Cosmic Year 773, Rosen sailed through graduation on top of his class. Because of his outstanding performance displayed in school, the military awarded him the rank of lieutenant commander, and was assigned to the 10th Division of the Glory Legion. Within short three years, Rosen demonstrated excellent innate skills and talents in commanding. After building up multiple instances of meritorious service on the battlefield with the former legion head, he was promoted to a senior colonel and transferred to the Vanguard Battalion of the Glory Legion as the vice-commander of said Vanguard Battalion…
Deafening silence blanketed the funeral. Only General Auguste’s low voice was carried through a wireless microphone and repeatedly reverberated over the skies above the silent cemetery…
This speech recounted every minuscule tidbit in the life of Rosen. In a mild-mannered and solemn tone, every single one of Rosen's experiences over the years was spoken of, one by one.
What’s strange was that he conveniently forwent noting records of battles that he had shared with Ling Yu and his Dark Night Legion after Rosen served as the commander to the Glory Legion in his speech. He even completely blotted the existence of the Dark Night Legion out of existence and gave all of the credit to Rosen—
Even in the famous battle where even with the numbers going against him, Ling Yu wiped the floor with the 7th Division of the Federation’s Greedy Wolves Legion in the Hylte’s No Man's Land, there wasn’t the slightest mention of the Dark Night Legion. Everything ended up being accredited to Rosen’s name.
Rosen couldn't help a small frown settling on his features—
It was only natural to speak highly while recounting the life of the deceased at a funeral, but even so, Auguste's speech was blown way out of proportion. It was like he was raising him to a status in line with that of a God. Hearing what he said, he was sounding like Rosen was a once in a lifetime genius at commanding. Nothing could make him stray off the path to victory, every move of his led to triumph, even to the point of becoming the moral pillar holding up the Empire?
The masses weren’t completely clear on many details from such events long past, and on top of that, Auguste held a grave expression on his face from start to finish, his tone carried weight with it. The people couldn’t help but take his words as gospel, their emotions were only kicked into high-gear from such a heartfelt speech. The Imperial Marshal's sacrifice brought deep grief and sorrow, some even shed tears on the TV.
Listening to this excessively exaggerated speech, Ling Yu couldn't help but say: "Why is Auguste praising you so much at your funeral?"
Rosen was also at a complete loss. He still remembered that he had been constantly opposed to him leading his legion on the campaign to Naomi Star. Then, out of nowhere Auguste voted in favor and said with a calm, still face: "I believe the Marshal can keep his undefeated record on the battlefield."
As a result, Rosen encountered an ambush from two of the Federation’s legions in the Isville Galaxy.
…the man's scheming truly runs terribly deep.
Rosen looked at the TV screen with a steady face. Auguste still carried the same calm expression from before. He had just finished talking about the battle of Naomi Star and praised the Marshal's glorious feat of winning Naomi Star at the cost of his life up to the heavens. It was obvious that this speech would soon be reaching its end.
Right then, Auguste suddenly paused for a few seconds, his sharp gaze shot directly towards the direction of the camera, he spoke with a mellow tone: "What Rosen valued the most in his entire life was that of the Empire’s people, and what he wanted nothing more than to see was for the Empire to be able to obtain true democracy and freedom! In today's technologically advanced day and age in this great universe, this Empire still adopts an outdated constitutional monarchy, which does nothing to further the development of the Empire."
Ling Yu turned to look back at Rosen, Rosen’s frown fell even heavier on his face, "They want what now?!"
Ling Yu frostily spoke: "I finally understand the whole reason behind the military holding a public funeral!"
Sure enough, Auguste raised his voice and spoke firmly: "The royal family has been nothing but sitting ducks, all the while the Marshal put life and limb on the line to fight on the military front, His Majesty and the Queen have been living their carefree days tucked safely away in the Imperial Palace. In just one day, the money spent in the lavish Imperial Palace exceeds what every single commoner earns in one year combined! Such a royal family is not fit to represent the aspirations and desires of the Empire’s people! At this moment, I hope that every soldier in this Empire can carry on the will of the Marshal, abolish the royal family, and fight for the realization of true democracy!"
Auguste swept his cold gaze across the audience and spoke with a clear voice: "—Salute!"
As the command fell, tens of thousands of the imperial servicemen put their white-gloved hands to the brim of their hats in one single motion.
In tune with the echos of funeral music playing, rounds of artillery were fired off in the midst of the formation!
Bang! Bang! Bang—
Hundreds of miniature artillery shells simultaneously rose to the sky, exploding into dazzling fireworks high up in the skies of the Capital Star!
***
On July 9, Cosmic Year 799, the fourth month following the Lacey Empire’s 600th-anniversary celebration, at the funeral of Marshal Rosen, General Auguste publicly announced the abolition of the royal family, the military and royal family came to arms in a complete civil war.
A new central government was established, the Empire had been renamed as the Republic, and Auguste assumed office as an interim president.
The Thunder Legion immediately surrounded the Lacey Imperial Palace. The Royal Guards suffered heavy casualties. His Majesty Trent and Queen Anna were locked away and unable to leave from inside the closed doors. Under the bombardment of artillery fire, what was once a gorgeous and exquisite palace turned to ruins in an instant.
***
Caesar had been watching the real-time broadcast right there with Lin Yuan and the others. As soon as General Auguste announced the abolition of the royal family, Lin Yuan and Brian’s eyes nearly popped out of their head, they couldn’t dare believe such a sudden change of events would be true!
—So this was what they were after all along!
The military held a public funeral to take advantage of Marshal Rosen's influence over the masses and use Marshal Rosen's dying wish as an excuse to declare war with the royal family!
The so-called will of the Marshal, the so-called for true democracy— it’s all pretty much just an excuse they made up!
However, who will be left to care about such things?
They just need an excuse, an excuse to justify their actions, that’s all!
After Auguste’s speech, the civil war officially started and the TV station stopped live broadcasting. As for the situation in the Imperial Palace, no one knew anything. Caesar repeatedly dialed the communicator in the interior of the palace, but there was no way to connect.
It wasn’t until this moment that he understood why his father asked him not to return to the Capital Star during vacation—
It was all because his father had long since anticipated the possibility of mutiny taking place in the military. As for His Majesty Trent, he had no valid reasons to leave the palace. So while he could sense the impending doom, he could only send away his son ahead of time, lest Caesar also found himself caught up in the whole mess…
Although the Royal Guard was comprised of elite troops devoted to the royal family, it could not be compared to the sheer military strength of the entire Thunder Legion. The two of them were just on such vastly different levels. The king and queen's current state of affairs must be at extreme odds and ends, they may even have been apprehended by the military…
Caesar's nails were tightly shoved into the hollow of his palm, the rims of his eyes burned with the threat of tears!
As His Majesty's dearest little prince, there wasn’t a single thing he could do about anything! He could only look on helplessly as his royal father and mother fell into a deathtrap!
Caesar turned and walked out of the room with a twisted face. Brian wanted to run out after him to give him some comforting words, but Snow gently pulled Brian back, pointed to Lin Yuan, and shook his head.
Brian’s brain short-circuited, when he turned his head, he saw Lin Yuan bolting after him too.
Brian kept silent for a moment before saying in a near whisper: "I never thought it would have come to this. Caesar must be in so much pain right now. Even with my dad, Dad is a prince too, His Majesty's younger brother, he mustn't be taking it well either…"
Snow spoke in a measured tone: “Don’t be so quick to worry, they have the Marshal on their side, he always thinks of a way. Let's go find your dad."
Brian nodded his head: "Alright."
***
By the time Lin Yuan made it out the door, Caesar was already long gone. Lin Yuan scoured the area in relentless worry for what felt like ages and finally found him tucked away in the corner of the observatory.
This observatory was used to detect movements on Naomi Star’s surface, so it was equipped with only the most advanced telescopes, reconnaissance equipment, and as well as a porthole through which a wide expanse of scenery could be surveyed through.
As it came time for the night to fall, Naomi Star would be bathed in natural light from its two moons. Through the porthole, the entirety of the planet's surface has turned into a golden hue under the fantastical glow, even the clouds in the sky were coated in shimmering gold.
Caesar stood there with his back to the door, his straightened back looked particularly rigid, his fingers were held in a tight grip, the veins on the back of his hand were raised, very clearly stifling his extreme sorrow and ire.
He must be worried to death about his mother and father…
The youngest prince, who has always been mild-mannered and calm, now from the view he saw standing behind him looked terribly lonely and helpless. His slightly trembling fingertips revealed the intense worry stirring in their owner’s heart. Seeing Caesar driven to this point, Lin Yuan’s heart felt as it was being crushed, the pain in his heart weighed his tongue down and kept the words stuck in his throat.
After a long while of silence, Lin Yuan took a deep breath, stepped forward, gently pried Caesar's clenched fist open, placed his hand in his palm, and threaded his fingers into his hold.
Caesar tensed and firmly squeezed Lin Yuan's hand.
Lin Yuan spoke softly: "Caesar, don't let this tear you down…"
Seeing that Caesar was still holding his silence, Lin Yuan took a step forward and pulled him into a tender hug, wrapping his fingers tightly around his hand and reassuringly stroking his Alpha’s stiff back with the other.
He never quite knew how to comfort people, he also had never comforted a guy that was both taller and had a steadier head on his shoulders than him. Lin Yuan fumbled a bit in his motions, but for Caesar, such a clumsy attempt at comforting was nevertheless exactly what he needed in this time of need, just that little bit of warmth.
Caesar took in a deep breath, hugged Lin Yuan back with a firm hold, set his chin on his shoulder, and said in a hoarse voice: "I’m so worried about Father and Mother. The Royal Guard just can’t hold their own against the Thunder Legion. Father and the rest may have already…"
Lin Yuan touched his hair in a fit of distress and said softly, "Don't think about everything that could go wrong, perhaps His Majesty has already thought of a way out? Besides… the two of us, no matter what others think, I will always stand by your side."
Caesar was startled, he looked down at Lin Yuan unable to believe his ears, and was nevertheless met with the steely and resilient gaze belonging to the little monster.
Within those clear black eyes was filled so densely with trust and firmness, Lin Yuan said with such an earnest look in his eyes, each word was spoken with careful enunciation: "No matter what others think, I will always stand by your side."
Every word spoken in that line carried thousands of pounds of weight, making him unable to formulate a response in the face of something so moving.
Right at this critical junction of time where life and death are drawn apart only by a hairsbreadth, anyone would be choosing their stance based on their own self-interest. Auguste mobilized a mutiny and the Empire’s royal family had no true power to their name and was simply unable to contend against the military. It was a real possibility that from here on out, the Empire’s royal family would die out completely.
As the heir to the Empire’s throne, Caesar, at the tender age of 18, had nothing to his name apart from his identity as a prince, he had nothing to fall back on.
In such straitened circumstances, Lin Yuan said without a second thought: I will stand by your side!
Although his little monster was a bit slow on the uptake, his words filled Caesar’s heart with strength when it really came down to it.
That's right, he’s not just a helpless prince against the world, he still has Lin Yuan.
Together from this day forward, through the good and the bad, for better, for worse—
His Omega, Lin Yuan.
After continuing to stare at each other face to face, Caesar finally settled his emotions. He lightly touched Lin Yuan’s hair and said in a low voice: "Thank you."
Thank you for being willing to stand beside me without hesitation and bestowing such great warmth and strength upon me when I needed it the most.
Lin Yuan smiled and met Caesar's gaze with the same earnesty, "Don't worry, Dad still owes a debt of life and death to His Majesty. My dad will definitely stand by His Majesty… That old fart Auguste really dares to self-proclaim himself as president, we’ll beat him right back down to the hellhole where he came from!"
Lin Yuan's words were simple and straightforward, but Caesar's mood couldn't help but lighten up.
Seeing how serious his little monster looked, the sorrow and despair that had originally occupied his heart gradually subsided, Caesar finally recovered his calm, he gently tugged Lin Yuan's hand and said: "Go back, your dad might be looking for you."
** *
At the moment, Ling Yu was indeed looking for Xiao Yuan, because he had something important to tell his son.
—The "Nine-Tailed Fox" SS-Class mech had finally reached the final stage of completion, it was only waiting on the first compatibility match between it and it’s master.
Chapter 110: The Nine-Tailed Fox
The news of the Nine-Tailed Fox being finished was passed down to Ling Yu from Berg. He hadn’t seen the live broadcast at that time and he wasn’t aware of General Auguste publicly announcing the abolition of the royal family at the Marshal’s funeral. When Berg gazed upon the TV screen in Ling Yu's room, the news had already begun to report the establishment of a new government and that General Auguste had assumed office as the interim president.
Berg dazedly stared at the screen, his face blanched to a sickly white in a flash, he found himself unable to speak a single word for what felt like ages.
Ling Yu walked up to him with unease coating his every step and spoke in a soft, even tone: "Berg. Rosen and I are trying to connect to His Majesty’s personal communicator. Unfortunately, the communication signal on the Capital Star seems to be under complete and total surveillance, it’s impossible to get through…"
In fact, they contacted His Majesty as soon as they returned to Naomi Star, but the signal wasn’t able to connect. At that time, they thought it was the defensive network that was cutting communication from the interior to the outside world. It was now apparent that the communication signals on the Capital Star were being closely monitored by the military— obviously, Auguste and the rest had everything all prepped and tied off with a neat little bow.
Ling Yu lightly frowned and said: "Do you not know how the King and Queen are doing either?"
Berg took a deep breath, looked back at Ling Yu, and spoke in the most leveled tone he could muster: "Wang Xiong had asked me to leave the Capital Star along with the Nine-Tailed Fox, he had also seen Slyvie off ahead of time. He had obviously anticipated that the military would stage a coup. With his personality being as it is, he should have already arranged a set of countermeasures…"
***
Meanwhile, on the Capital Star.
Auguste's face was weighed down by deep darkness, he slammed the file in his hand straight onto the table and ran his cold gaze over his subordinates: "What are you saying? You didn't find His Majesty and the Queen? The Imperial Palace isn’t that large, Trent and Anna couldn’t have just disappeared into thin air, now could they?!”
His underling spoke, each word choked out between their trembles of fear: "General, we-we’ve already searched the Imperial Palace up and down, we also figured out a way to open the defensive wall set in His Majesty's palace, but… inside that palace… there wasn’t a single soul in sight!”
Nobody was there?!
Auguste's face became even more difficult to look at!
Prior to the funeral preparations, he had promptly sent troops to surround the Imperial Palace. At that time, His Majesty Trent had activated the Imperial Palace’s internal self-isolation system. When this highest level mechanism was put into play, a spherical defensive shell was erected around the Imperial Palace’s perimeter. The defensive shell was manufactured with special materials and was able to withstand extreme artillery barrage and any ensuing bombardments, preventing everything from falling to ruin. It could temporarily ensure the safety of those in the palace.
Auguste hadn’t cared much if it all about it at the time, as he saw it, His Majesty was hidden away in the palace, no matter what it was a pretty solid case of catching a turtle in a jar, intercepting him was inevitable.
Yet past all expectations, when the funeral came to its end, the Thunder Legion’s Defense Unit finally figured out a way to crack the code and open the defensive cover, but they were nevertheless welcomed to a deserted palace— His Majesty and the Queen had just up and vanished!
Auguste looked at the real-time projection of the palace sent by his subordinates, his frown deepened and he said nothing.
A man in a navy blue military uniform beside him suddenly made his way over right then, he raised his head and scanned his eyes over the monitor screen, lightly stroking his chin, he whimsically contemplated: "It seems that old fox Trent is much more cunning than you an I gave him credit for. He might have caught on to something ages ago, there must be a secret passageway in this palace." After he finished speaking, he squinted his eyes and pointed to the magnificent palace, saying without a shred of emotion: “Search the whole palace, leave no stones unturned and take note of any mechanisms inside. If you can’t find anything, then blow up the entire palace and search the underground!”
The underling immediately saluted and replied: “Understood! General!”
After the subordinate withdrew, Auguste then turned around and looked over at the man with a smile stretched across his face, he spoke with a low hush: "Ivan, has the Star Legion not made any moves of their own?"
General Ivan Stork, the commander of the Phantom Legion, smiled slightly and said, "That old fellow Byron upon seeing that the Imperial Palace had been completely surrounded by us, received inspiration to keep his head down and look the other way. He holed himself up in his apartment like a turtle pulling its head into its shell."
"It seems he doesn’t have the guts to stand against us." Auguste paused before continuing on: "What about Udir and Drew? Have you heard anything back about them from those people you sent?"
The corners of Ivan’s lips pulled back and he spoke with a smile: "Drew is trapped in Naomi Star, there’s no way for him to escape. As for Udir, he has reportedly bought a few strange plants and has been placing his full attention in growing them on Po Military Star. Rest assured, all movements are under our surveillance."
Auguste nodded and said: "Then everything is going well within the parameters."
—They have been sowing the seeds for their plot for so long, discharging Ling Yu from the military registry, dissolving the great threat of that which the Dark Night Legion imposed upon them, then schemed to send Rosen to his death, transfer the Hydra Legion, cherry-picking each and every trustworthy force away from the throne… How could they not come out victorious?
The two looked at each other and smiled in synchronization to one another, seeming to see the golden dawn of a new era shining in each other's eyes.
***
Although Ling Yu and Rosen were worried that something had happened to His Majesty, Berg had a deeper insight into his Wang Xiong’s character. Since it had been said that His Majesty had become aware of it to some extent, with a person such as himself, he definitely wouldn’t sit and just wait for death to befall him. He may have planned an escape route from the Imperial Palace well in advance.
His Majesty and the Queen may just be hidden away somewhere safe…
Thinking along with this reasoning, the two people were able to ease their worries a smidge.
Rosen looked back at Ling Yu and said: "I will go back to reinstate my control over the Honor Legion tonight! Those in the Honor Legion who swore loyalty to me dwarfs whatever the number of lackeys Kerriman has on the inside. Kerriman wants to be the head of Honor Legion, what a joke!"
Ling Yu said: "I will bring the Dark Night Legion to back you."
Rosen light laid his arms on Ling Yu's shoulders and whispered: "You’re fine just where you are."
Ling Yu raised the corners of her lips. "Kerriman is essentially my ex-subordinate. And now he’s climbed to the rank of a commander of a legion. Naturally, I ought to give him a congratulatory gift."
Every time Ling Yu thought of killing a man, he would ever so slightly raise the corners of his lips and stretch them into a chilling smile.
Rosen looked at his cold smile and couldn't help drawing him towards himself, his mind a bit scrambled— He was pregnant and was still thinking of ways to kill someone at every turn in the road, would the little one inside him be affected?
Ling Yu was very confused by Rosen’s stare, he turned around and asked: "What's wrong?"
Rosen gave a quick smile, "Nothing."
He just felt that this pregnant general of his who was still actively leading his troops into battle was a bit too frightening.
Berg glanced at the two of them and said: "Kerriman will officially take over the position of the Glory Legion’s commander at 8 o'clock tonight. There are two hours to prepare. Wouldn’t it be better to take Xiao Yuan and Caesar over to the Nine-Tailed Fox to complete the compatibility matching? This mech will definitely come in handy moving forward."
Ling Yu spoke quickly: "Okay, I was thinking along the same lines, I hope Xiao Yuan can handle the Nine-Tailed Fox."
As soon as his voice fell, there was a burst of sudden knocks on the door. Rosen turned to open the door and was greeted with the sight of Lin Yuan and Caesar standing side by side outside the door.
Ling Yu went to the door, looked at his son, saying: "Xiao Yuan, what good timing, I'll take the two of you to see the mech."
***
Everyone under the guidance of Berg walked down together into the area designed to store the Nine-Tailed  Fox.
It was a fairly expansive space, stretching on for more than fifty meters in both length and width. A gigantic mech was placed in the center of the room. The orange metal seemed to be gilded in a warm sheen of gold under the illumination of the light, reflecting the dazzling luster. The smooth contours of its body made out to be the remarkably realistic shape of a fox. The fox-type mech was crouched in place like it was itching for battle. The large nine tails loosely hung behind it, the gigantic mech in it of itself was like a work of art built with painstaking precision and care.
Lin Yuan was struck dumb!
This mech was the most beautiful one he’d ever seen…
Its warm orange color, its fox likeness, and its nine big tails hanging behind him shone a whole new light on what Lin Yuan thought he’d understood about mechs. This was the first he’d realized that mechs could really be crafted like this…
Because of the light-footed and nimble characteristics of foxes, many mech makers in the Empire have tried to make fox-type mechs, but Lin Yuan has only seen a fox-type mech with one singular tail before, there has never been a fox with nine tails before!
To make a Nine-Tailed Fox, you must have superlative technology for parts assembly and installation. The intelligence center must exercise control over the nine tails, with the neural circuit connection along with that, it would be hundreds of times more complicated than ordinary mechs. This mech evidently stands as the Empire’s peak level of achievement!
It is really a next-level mech equal to none!
Looking at his son's excitement, Ling Yu couldn't help reaching out and pat his head, asking: "Do you like it?"
Lin Yuan nodded like a pestle pounding into a mortar: "I like it! This mech is so cool!"
Ling Yu smiled and said: "If you like it, try to pilot it and it’ll be yours."
Lin Yuan was stunned, he looked back at his dad in disbelief, "I… can?"
He is just an 18-year-old student, could it really be his?
Seeing his son's puzzled look, Ling Yu couldn't help but encourage him: "Believe in yourself, you can do it. Your mental threshold is not any lower than Dad’s."
Lin Yuan, receiving his dad’s encouragement, immediately became excited. He walked up to the Nine-Tailed-Fox and greeted it: "Hello, my name is Lin Yuan."
The receiving party paid him no mind, Lin Yuan was taken aback for a moment and turned to look back at his dad.
Ling Yu said: "The mech has not been matched yet, it has not been officially named either. It’ll ignore you if you talk to it now. If there isn’t anything else, you two can go to its control cabin to test your compatibility level first, and then after all of that you can name it as its masters."
Lin Yuan’s expression went blank, "Us two?"
Dave, who had been scratching his head explained with a soft chuckle: "This is an SS-Class mech. It’d be better to pilot it with two people. Since the response time of the mech is very quick and there are a whole bunch of piloting commands. A person on their own would be hard-pressed to operate on their own. The mech was originally set up with the condition of two pilots individually controlling the left and right sides of the mech."
Berg turned his head and looked at Caesar, saying: "Caesar, you and Xiao Yuan were the pilots chosen by His Majesty. You and Xiao Yuan are also the only ones that we have here fit to pilot this mech. However, for a two-person mech, when the compatibility matching is underway, your left and right brains will connect with each other, and exchanging a part of each other's memories will be required… Is there a problem with that?"
Caesar thought it over for a bit and said: "No problems here."
After speaking, he looked at Lin Yuan.
Lin Yuan was silent for a moment, then nodded and said, "No problems here either."
—He and Caesar have done even the most intimate things with one another, trusting each other, there was no secret that Lin Yuan couldn’t tell Caesar. There naturally wasn’t any issue in regard to exchanging parts of the other’s memories.
The two of them shared a look, seeing the trust filling in each other's eyes, and couldn't help but smile at each other.
Seeing the smile his son yielded to Caesar, Ling Yu felt something awry stirring in his mind… Why didn't Xiao Yuan hesitate to exchange memories? Does he really trust Caesar like that? Could it really be that this is just them being friends?
Ling Yu glanced at his son, his confusion growing discernable on his face. Lin Yuan didn’t notice his dad’s looks. He kept his gaze locked with Caesar’s: "Shall we give it a go now?"
Caesar nodded, "Sounds good to me."
Berg started up the mech compatibility matching system, the control cabin was lowered, and Lin Yuan and Caesar walked in side by side.
Inside the control cabin, the orange nerve wire lightly wound around the two of them, with a beautiful orange glow, as if it were a fine string of silk, the nerve wires came together and connected them at their wrist, the screen in front of them began to initialize its systems……
Caesar and Lin Yuan closed their eyes in the same beat.
The pilot of an S-Class mech must maintain a level of complete focus during the compatibility match, most of all in the case of an SS-Class mech the thoughts and feelings of the other person require careful consideration. If they couldn’t keep a clear head, the matching would definitely fail.
The percent of compatibility on the screen began to rise rapidly from 1%, then started to taper off, before coming to a sudden stop at 90%.
Countless strange and bizarre images appeared in Lin Yuan's mind—
In the scene of a gorgeous palace, a cute little boy was about to escape from the Imperial Palace, but slipped up along the way and tripped the alarm system at the Imperial Gates. He was caught and delivered before His Majesty. He hung his head aggrievedly, and whispered: "Father…"
His Majesty Trent said with a smile: "Caesar, you’ve got nothing to do, is that so? Then how about you transcribe the homework your teacher assigned a hundred times over. Oh, but of course, if you can say who was the one who instigated you, this Father of yours can lighten the punishment… and the child who speaks the truth will be rewarded."
Little Caesar spoke honestly without a second thought: "It was Elder Brother."
Sylvie: "…"
Sylvie turned the other way with the full intent of booking it, but Trent grabbed him by the collar and said: "To push your little brother into sneaking out of the palace, Sylvie, you are really getting more and more unmanageable by the day! Tonight, copy the royal etiquette manual a hundred times over and let me see it!"
That night, the Little Caesar, who sold his elder brother out, was given an ass-kicking by the raging elder prince and was then ordered by the eldest prince to help copy the manual.
A dour Little Caesar was laying down on a bed, helping his elder brother copy the manual, he made up his mind right there and then to never, ever listen to his brother’s words again.
Then, the scene changed to middle school. Caesar and Brian were taking a fighting training course together. The instructor's demands were far too high. Caesar, who was already a strapping young lad, studied fighting skills earnestly, his face beaten bloody by his master.
The corners of Caesar's mouth twitched: "Master, could you lighten your hits some…"
The master ruthlessly landed a strike on Caesar’s bruised arm, saying: "This boy still can’t handle this little taste of pain? As a prince, you must learn how to defend yourself, is that understood?"
Thus, in his teenage years, Caesar had developed an unparalleled level of fighting beaten into him by the master's hand…
The images in Caesar's memory made Lin Yuan’s lips spread into a smile, particularly the Little Caesar during his childhood. The young prince looked prim and proper as he was dressed in formal attire, attending a banquet. The chibi version of this young prince looked indescribably cute.
Of course, what appeared in Caesar's mind was also the little Yuanyuan during his childhood. The greedy little cat who pestered his big sister for cake, and the little one who would senselessly flip around on the bed, he had a face that was just begging to be firmly pinched.
The two were immersed in each other's memories, incapable of breaking out.
But the people waiting down below nevertheless looked at each other in dismay.
Dave, with his straightforward personality, ultimately couldn’t help but say: "Why did the compatibility matching stop at 90%? What's keeping it from rising up?"
Berg looked deeply at the red digits reading 90% on the monitor screen, saying after a pause: "Perhaps it’s the memories belonging to the two that’s affecting it, there’s not a way for them to be perfectly harmonized."
To operate a mech, there must be a complete harmonization. Although Lin Yuan and Caesar both trust each other and are willing to exchange each other’s memories, upon receiving another person’s memory in their mind, there would be an impact on their judgment with the degree of influence varying according to the content of said memory.
This is also the reason why Ling Yu refused to pilot with Rosen. Although their respective mental thresholds were both quite high, the higher the person’s mental threshold, the less they’d be able to accept another person’s invasion of their brain—
Piloting the Nine-Tailed Fox with Rosen, they may not even achieve an 80% compatibility rating.
The content of Lin Yuan and Caesar's memories are relatively mild, but even when such memories are exchanged into the other's mind, they will have a huge impact on each other's mental power.
90%… 90%…
The compatibility rating had come to a complete halt, it became clear that the two of them had reached their limit.
After a long silence, Dave scratched his head and said at a loss: "It seems that dual piloting was only a concept in theory. We would have to find two people in this world who are completely unaffected by each other and have high mental thresholds. It’s pretty much impossible."
Berg spoke suddenly: "Maybe only twins can do it, and only between twins would the rejection of each other be the weakest."
Dave said: "And just where could we find a pair of twins with a mental threshold over 300%?"
Berg wordlessly frowned.
Originally, they both thought that Caesar and Lin Yuan could pilot the Nine-Tailed Fox together, but they overlooked the fact that even people who trust each other can't share everything about themselves with one another no holds barred. Exchanging memories was just like having an entirely new person suddenly manifest in their brain, the feeling of their brain being overtaken was insufferable to many people.
No matter how high Lin Yuan and Caesar’s mental thresholds were, when they are matched together with the Nine-Tailed Fox the compatibility rating could only climb to 90%.
Berg finally opened his mouth to speak: "Forget it, it seems that it is a bit too far of a stretch to have them pilot the mech together… Moreover, Caesar already has White Feather, he and White Feather fully matched with one another a few years ago. A Master and an S-Class mech will be linked together, White Feather may also be playing a part in it."
Ling Yu nodded and said: "That it is indeed. Caesar's mental power will be affected by White Feather. Nine-Tailed Fox and White Feather's intelligence systems are different. It’d be very difficult for Caesar to control two mechs at the same time…" Ling Yu paused, then looked back at Dave and said, "This mech doesn't necessarily have to be piloted by two people, right? Have Xiao Yuan give a solo run, how about it?"
Dave said: "The inner workings of this mech are super complex. Of course, it can be piloted solo. However, it would be difficult for the pilot's reaction ability to keep up with the reaction speed of the mech… It can be likened to activating the right and left side of the brain at the same time, one person would have to carry the weight of two people.”
This is like simultaneously drawing a complicated diagram with the left and right hand. To be able to utilize the separate hemispheres of the brain in tandem would present an extreme challenge.
Dave pondered for a moment, before ultimately opening the cockpit with a press of the control button, saying with a smile: "Let’s give it a shot! There have indeed been some geniuses in history who could fully coordinate the left and right sides of the brain together!"
The cockpit was released, Lin Yuan and Caesar were still immersed in each other's memories, and the sudden severing of that connection left them momentarily lost in a memory fog.
Berg stepped forward and said: "The two of you can’t complete the matching with the mech at the same time. Let Xiao Yuan try it by himself."